Mammy Two Shoes is preparing for a fancy dinner. Jerry appears from under the table and climbs on the tablecloth, observing the room as she sets out plates. When Mammy leaves the room, Tom appears from underneath a houseplant and rushes to the phone; first, though, he must keep Jerry out of the cracker spread. Tom knocks Jerry out with a spoon, returns to the phone and calls the girl cat to invite her to dinner. At dinner Jerry performs menial duties for the cats, such as carrying food and blowing on Tom's soup to cool it. Annoyed at being Tom's servant, Jerry drinks some soup, steps on Tom's spoon and spits the soup in his face. Tom puts the spoon  over a candle's flame, causing Jerry to jump off the spoon and land on some butter . The girl cat offers Tom bread, between which Jerry sandwiches Tom's tail. Charming his girlfriend, Tom pours ketchup on his tail sandwich and bites into it . Trying to stay cool for his date despite his discomfort, he does not see Jerry repeat the trick; when he looks at his tail he sees cream, a slice of pineapple and a maraschino cherry, and bites into it . Jerry is captured and made into a champagne-cork opener. After Tom opens the bottle he throws Jerry into a glass of water, pours two glasses of champagne and downs his. He hugs and kisses his sweetheart, but she resists his advances and hits him with a mallet . When Jerry laughs, Tom opens a cigar with Jerry's mouth and strikes a match on him. For this, Tom gets a pie in the face. When he throws a pie in return, he hits the girl cat when Jerry ducks. She throws three pies at her erstwhile boyfriend, but Tom ducks; when Jerry pokes him with a fork, he stands up in time for pie number four. Jerry runs along the table, into  Tom's open mouth. Thinking he has Jerry at last, Tom bites his own tongue. Jerry hits the tray with a spoon  before running away. Jerry then hides in a roast turkey; as Tom sticks knives into it, he escapes and mimics yowls of pain. Tom hears the cries after puncturing the bird, spots Jerry and pokes him with a knife. To protect himself, Jerry grabs Tom's tail and bites it. Tom jumps in pain, stopping and turning in midair when he sees that Jerry planted another knife just below him. Tom chases Jerry across the table, but Jerry stops and stabs him. The cat runs behind a punch bowl and finds two dinner rolls, which he eats. Since Tom wants more, Jerry hides a salt shaker in a third roll and throws it into Tom's mouth. Jerry then hides in a candelabra and uses a candle to light Tom's tail. Oblivious, Tom lights a cigarette from his tail; when he realizes his tail is on fire, he rushes off to sit on what he thinks is an ice bucket . He sees the girl cat shaking her head and smells burning; when he asks her, "Hey, what's cooking?" she replies, "You are, stupid!" Tom thinks she is kidding until the heat makes him jump through the ceiling, crash onto the table and break a plank from it. The plank flips, creating an incline to the punchbowl. Tom's bow tie gets tangled with his burnt tail. Jerry writes S.S. Drip on his back; he and the girl cat "christen" him with a bottle of champagne like a ship, and send him sliding into the punchbowl.  * Lillian Randolph as Mammy Two Shoes   * Thea Vidale as Mammy Two shoes   * Sara Berner as girl cat  * William Hanna as Tom