War veteran turned small-town policeman Ma Shan  wakes up after a drunken night at his sister's wedding banquet to find his issued gun missing. After making sure his wife Han Xiaoyun  and third-grader son have not taken it, Ma embarks on a search around the town. He questions his sister and brother-in-law, as well as two ex-comrades in an attempt to connect the dots. He finds out that he was sent home the previous night in a car by Zhou Xiaogang . Ma knocks on Zhou's door but is greeted by Li Xiaomeng , Ma's former lover who married and moved to Guangzhou, but has since returned. Li claims that Zhou is not home. Ma leaves but manages to run into Zhou a moment later. After searching Zhou's car, he ascertains that Zhou has not taken his gun either. Ma is left with no choice but to report the missing gun to his superiors. He is stripped of his uniform but is allowed to continue the search on his own. During his search, Ma comes across a thief who has snatched a woman's handbag and gives chase. The desperate thief, seeing no escape, pulls out a gun. Mistaking the gun for his own, Ma refuses to back down. The thief fires, only to reveal that the gun he holds is a fake. Meanwhile, a murder has taken place in town. A man has sneaked into Zhou's home and shoots Li with the missing gun. Upon interrogation, Zhou insists that he was not the intended target. However, a private investigation undertaken by Ma reveals that Zhou owns an underground factory producing counterfeit wine. Ma then retains Zhou, exchanges clothing with him, and boards a bus heading out of town. True to his prediction, the criminal trails him, thinking that he was Zhou, shoots him from behind at the railway station but fails to kill him instantly. As the criminal approaches to confirm his kill, Ma turns over and locks the two of them together with his handcuffs. The criminal turns out to be Stammer Liu, a local bricklayer whose family was poisoned after drinking Zhou's wine. Liu begs Ma to let him go to avenge his family but Ma refuses. Ma then draws out the fake gun he confiscated from the thief earlier and Liu, in fear, pulls the trigger and spends the last bullet left on the former. Ma bleeds profusely and feels faint, lying on the ground. As policemen discover the crime and rush over to apprehend Liu, Ma is shown to suddenly stand upright and walk away with his recovered gun, apparently unhurt from the wounds and euphoric at finding his lost weapon. It is left ambiguous if this is the hallucination of a dying Ma.