Sabrina is turning 13 years old receiving her first magic wand from Enchantra herself and as custom for all witchlings, she's off to the Witch Academy to learn the three principles of witchdom . Feeling inferior because she's only a half-witch, Sabrina conceals her mixed heritage and manages to rise to a position of popularity. Sabrina joins her new friends in making fun of Nichole, a "bookworm" who doesn't fit in, but, when Sabrina discovers that Nichole is a half-witch like herself, the pair become good friends. Sabrina's other friends figure something is going on between Sabrina and Nichole and set out to prove that Nichole is a half witch. They accomplish this by levitating up to a tree outside and find the half star on her hand. Nichole is ridiculed to the point that there is no end in plain view for Nicole. Sabrina visits Nichole in her dorm room and come together and begin their journey to the witches' realm in hopes of becoming full witches. Entering the witches' realm, Sabrina and Nichole stumble upon a witch with three doors leading to three fantasy worlds. Both girls enter the first door and become mermaids. Making their way back to the realm, they try the second door which makes them figure skaters. After skating into a Hockey net, a hockey player appears on the ice and shoots pucks into the net where both girls are in. the girls throw a few pucks at the hockey player in frustration and a hockey brawl takes place. Sabrina and Nichole escape from the pile and exit back into the realm. They go into the third and final door where they meet two princes and begin to dance. Enchantra finds out from the witch academy the two girls are in the realm and sends two of her minions to get them. Sabrina and Nichole reach the great wish-granting wisdom tree in the witches' realm. Sabrina steps forward first to make her wish and asks to be a full witch. Her wish is granted; by taking Nicole's half-witch powers. This makes Nichole a mortal and consequently turns her to stone since a mortal can't be in the witches' realm. Sabrina asks the tree to change her back, but it can't because the deed has already been done. It tells her that only a certain amulet can help her. Salem has told her that his collar is just this kind of artifact, so Sabrina hurriedly seeks him out. Unfortunately, he lied and she is unable to save Nicole. Distraught, she is about to turn herself into stone when she is stopped by Enchantra, who is touched by her unselfish action and breaks the spell on Nicole, returning both girls to half-witches in the process. At the graduation ceremony, Sabrina chides the school for making fun of Nicole because of her heritage, and reveals that she herself is a half-witch.