 In a concert entitled "Signor Thomasino Catti-Cazzaza Baritone", Tom is a baritone singer who will perform at a concert to sing Largo al factotum from The Barber of Seville. While all this is taking place, down below the stage, Jerry is trying to sleep, but is awakened by Tom's operatic tones. Jerry attempts to halt Tom's singing by bumping the floor with a toothbrush, but Tom stomps on the floor, sending Jerry bouncing around. Jerry hits a floorboard with a hammer, causing Tom to be launched into the air and to excuse himself. Next, Tom sings again, this time, stomping the floor while performing. Creating a huge rumble in Jerry's house, more harder than before, when Tom stomps really intense, Jerry's bed snap to pieces and Jerry thinks it's war and decides to get revenge. Tom continues the performance and Jerry holds up a sign through the vent that has written on it "PSST!" Tom sings as he peeks through and Jerry ties his mouth shut. Tom in retaliation shoots a staple into the vent, which scoops up Jerry and pins him to a wall of the basement. Jerry makes an annoyed expression. Jerry licks a lemon so Tom gets sour by the scent and taste, Tom is sweating, gets sour and his lips shrink and then frustrated goes to Jerry. While singing, he twists a Lemon on Jerry. Tom returns to the spotlight and Jerry drills a hole in the floor and pulls Tom's front garments off with a wire. Tom pulls the wire up and down and wrenches it from Jerry's grip. While Tom is singing the "Figaro!" part, Jerry aims a plunger at Tom's mouth and scores a direct hit. Jerry imitates Tom and is stuck with the plunger. Tom uses the same bow Jerry used and shoots him into the wall. Jerry frees himself and unintentionally drops a huge sandbag on Tom as he is reaching the climax, sending him through the floor. Everything is silent until Jerry walks out in a tuxedo and sings the rest of the performance himself . An annoyed Tom raps on the floor with a broom and sends Jerry flying, but this just adds to Jerry's drama singing the final few notes. Jerry gets all the applause and the curtains fall. "The End" appears on the curtains.