The cartoon opens with the opening credits displayed on the windows of an apartment building  and the camera pulls over to Sylvester sleeping on the ledge of another apartment building. While he sleeps, Dr. Jekyll sneaks into his apartment and takes a swig of his Hyde Potion. As expected, he morphs into Mr. Hyde and laughs maniacally, waking up Sylvester, but when Sylvester looks into the window to see who's there, Mr. Hyde quickly reverts back to Dr. Jekyll, who then leaves his apartment. Sylvester just laughs it off and goes back to sleep. A few minutes later, Sylvester wakes up and sees some pigeons landing on the ledge on the other side. He decides to catch them for his lunch and sneaks up quietly on them, but the pigeons spot him and fly off just as he pounces, nearly falling off the ledge in the process . At that moment, Tweety Pie appears, struggling to stay airborne while flying and manages to land on the ledge . As he spots Sylvester, Sylvester tries to catch him, but Tweety escapes into Jekyll's apartment and hides in the Hyde formula. As Sylvester comes in looking for Tweety, the bottle shakes  and Tweety pops out, having morphed into a giant monster bird. As Sylvester demands that Tweety come out of hiding, Hyde Tweety taps Sylvester on the shoulder, causing him to turn around  and, literally, fall to pieces at the sight of him. Sylvester runs out of the apartment and tries to escape down the elevator, but it takes a long time to respond to the button and just when it looks like Hyde Tweety will capture Sylvester, he suddenly morphs back into normal Tweety. As soon as Sylvester sees him, Tweety immediately runs back into the apartment and shuts the door. Sylvester runs up demanding Tweety to open the door or else he'll break it down, but just as he takes a running start  and reaches the door, Sylvester finds himself face to face with Hyde Tweety. In a Freleng door gag, Hyde Tweety pursues Sylvester into another apartment where he morphs back into regular Tweety and Sylvester chases Tweety into another apartment where Tweety reverts back to Hyde Tweety. In the middle of chasing Sylvester down the hall, Hyde Tweety changes back to Tweety so it looks like Tweety is chasing Sylvester. As Sylvester suddenly wises up, Tweety runs ahead and fakes going into another apartment by opening and closing a door. Sylvester reaches the door, but falls down a shaft, with which a sign reveals it's an elevator under repair. Sylvester manages to get back to the upstairs floor, but Tweety changes back to Hyde Tweety and pursues Sylvester to a window. At the window, Sylvester sees its a hundred foot drop to the ground. As Hyde Tweety comes closer, Sylvester threatens to jump, but justifies to the audience that it's a better choice than facing Hyde Tweety's wrath. As Hyde Tweety gets closer, Sylvester carries out his threat, but Hyde Tweety flies out and catches Sylvester. While flying, he suddenly reverts back to Tweety, who then struggles to hold the weight of Sylvester, despite Sylvester's urgings to fly faster. Sylvester manages to grab a couple of Tweety's feathers and gets the idea to use them to slow his fall, which he does when he flaps them. As soon as Sylvester lands safely, he spots Tweety falling to the ground and opens his mouth, expecting Tweety to fall into it, but Tweety quickly reverts to Hyde Tweety and crashes onto Sylvester, knocking him out. No sooner does Hyde Tweety begin looking for Sylvester than he reverts back to cute little Tweety, just as Sylvester starts screaming for help. Realizing he's not being threatened, Sylvester opens his eyes and discovers Tweety on his back. Tweety tries to escape, but Sylvester immediately captures him and takes him to another apartment building across the street. Once in an apartment's kitchen, Sylvester tells Tweety that he's locking the door and tossing the key out the window to keep Tweety in and the "goon" out, which he does. He then puts Tweety between two slices of bread . Tweety tries to squirm his way out, but Sylvester pushes him back under and puts a sugar bowl over the sandwich to weigh it down . However, while Sylvester looks in a cupboard for ketchup, Tweety suddenly reverts back to Hyde Tweety. Not finding any ketchup, Sylvester decides to have the sandwich without ketchup, but just as he quickly sees that Tweety and Hyde Tweety are one and the same, Hyde Tweety suddenly opens his mouth and eats him. Sylvester quickly escapes and, while struggling to open the locked door, shouts out for help as Hyde Tweety  prepares to stalk him. Just then, Sylvester wakes up on the ledge of Jekyll's apartment and quickly sees that the Tweety-Hyde Tweety affair was nothing more than a bad dream. At that moment, Tweety comes flying in struggling to stay airborne and gives the same remark about flying he did in Sylvester's dream. Realizing this was where the real part of the nightmare began, Sylvester fears it's going to come true and runs to a wall at the end of the ledge, screaming for help while two cats  look on from the roof of the building. Sylvester finally escapes by crashing through the wall. The grey cat describes this turn of events as an act of cowardice and the orange cat states that its shameful for Sylvester to turn chicken over a poor defenseless bird. Tweety, having overheard the conversation, agrees with the two cats on Sylvester's behavior as the cartoon irises out.