The story plot of Gubra is set a few years after Orked's romance with Jason, where she is married to Ariff, a man who is very much older than her. Early one morning, when she was fooling around with Ariff in the bathroom, her mother Mak Inom called her and said, "Orked, come now! We're losing your abah !" Apparently, Orked's father, Pak Atan, had diabetic complications and the whole family, with their maid, Kak Yam, and chauffeur, Anuar, inclusive, frantically rushed him to the hospital. At the hospital, Orked incidentally meets Alan, the elder brother of Jason, who recognized her from the photos that Jason and Orked took together during their rendezvous. Alan's father was also hospitalized due to a broken leg after his mother pushed him down the doorstep in annoyance. Alan was divorced from his Singaporean wife in this story and had his six-year-old daughter in his custody. In the midst of the 'reunion', Kak Yam got romantically involved with one of the hospital's male nurses, while Orked discovered, again , that Ariff had been seeing another lady, Latifah, behind her back. She moved back to her family home and had Alan bring her to his house where she tearfully retrieved memento items of her days with Jason, including photos and several Jason's Chinese poetry books, which Alan had kept away secretly for fear that his mother will secure them tightly in remembrance of her deceased son. On a separate side of the story, Temah  is a Malay-Muslim lady who, unfortunately not well-versed in the Quran, works as a prostitute, together with a sidekick, Kiah. Despite her occupation, she is very fond and caring of her suspectedly born-out-of-wedlock son, Shahrin, whom she sends to religiously-rooted friend, Mas' house, for Quranic lessons under Mas' son, Adam's religious teacher. Mas' husband is a muezzin who also shares a neighbourly and friendly bond with Temah. He even helped to retrieve Temah's wallet when it was robbed from her by a man, suspectedly her former boyfriend who caused her to be pregnant with Shahrin, who might be in a frantic search of money to settle his gambling debts with loan sharks. Meanwhile, Temah went for blood tests at a polyclinic and discovered that she had contracted HIV. Regretfully, she requested Mas to teach her the Quran, who also guided her back to the path and aided her to perform her prayers. The finale of the story sees Alan's parents reconciling after years of quarrels and fights by praying together before a Chinese altar and Alan and his daughter performing their solemn vows in a church. At the end of the credits, Orked was seen snuggling beside a topless Jason. Both wore wedding rings.