Pontoffel Pock gets fired from working at a dill pickle factory when he pushed the "Pullem" and pulled the "Pushem" . Now without a job, Pontoffel wishes that he could "get away from it all." Fortunately, a representative of the "Amalgamated Do-Gooding Fairies" named McGillicuddy appears and says, "Pontoffel Pock, your wish has been heard, and your wish has been granted." McGillicuddy and his fairy associates, Humboldt and Higbee , give him a magical flying piano that takes him anywhere in the world. To do so, Pontoffel Pock plays these six very simple notes  and then he chooses a destination by pressing one of many differently-colored buttons, which fly him to his destination. The first place he goes to is Groogen . Later, after scaring the Groogenites out of their wits and getting a flugelhorn "Ga-Busted", he is gunned down by their "Goomy Gun", which fires multi-colored paint, that turns his piano yellow and causes its motor to lose power. He plummets downward, but at the last second Pontoffel "twitches the Homing Pigeon Switch" that sends him and the piano home. When he gets home, Mr. McGillicuddy decides to take the piano away for Pontoffel's bad conduct, but he gives Pontoffel a second chance. After being given another chance, he goes to Casbahmopolis , where he falls in love with a girl named Neefa Feefa, a famous eyeball dancer who dislikes her job of dancing for the King, and, like Pontoffel, wants to "get away from it all". Unfortunately, due to the Homing Pigeon Switch being broken by a palace guard, Pontoffel and Neefa Feefa can't get home. When they decide to go somewhere else, Neefa Feefa slips off the piano and lands into the guards' clutches, which leads to Pontoffel pushing several buttons in order to find her, and ending up in several places . Meanwhile, McGillicuddy gets worried, having not heard from Pontoffel in a long time, so he enlists the help of all of his fairy associates to fly all over the world, looking for him by song: "Pontoffel Pock, Where The Heck Are You?" Finally, Pontoffel remembers where Neefa Feefa is, and goes straight to her. They are escorted home together on the piano, now broken down, and for proving his worth, Pontoffel is rehired as a Dill Pickle factory employee along with Neefa Feefa.