Wing Commander Tim Mason  is nearing the end of his third tour of operations, meaning he has flown nearly 90 missions over Germany. Having twice volunteered to continue operational flying, Mason is keen to make it a round 90 "ops", but when he is nearing the end of his tour he receives orders banning him from further flying. Meanwhile, losses are mounting and several raids are being seen as failures, so that some of the members of his crews, Brown  and "The Brat" Greeno  among them, are thinking that there must be a "jinx" at work. Soon after "The Brat" is then caught sending unauthorised telegrams off the station. These turn out to be written to his wife, Pam , rather than anything more sinister; however, Mason reprimands Greeno for the lapse in security. Soon after, Greeno's aircraft fails to return from a raid and Mason agrees to meet Pam, who has asked to see him. With only one more flight to go, he accepts that the decision to ground him was for his own good, and he visits Brown's aircraft as Brown and his crew prepare to take off on a mission. As the crew board the Lancaster the large 4,000&nbsp;lb "Cookie" bomb that is part of the bomber's load, slips from the bomb shackles and injures one of the crew. With no time to obtain a replacement crew member, U.S. observer, Mac Baker , takes his place. Mason decides to go as well to reassure the crew's worries about the jinx, and the bomber takes off. The mission is flown and while the target is being attacked, the Master Bomber is shot down, causing the remaining bombers to begin bombing inaccurately. Hearing and seeing this, Mason takes the Master Bomber's place on the radio, broadcasting corrections and accurate instructions, and the bombing becomes accurate again. Listening-in to the Master Bomber's broadcast back in England, Mason's Commanding Officer, Logan ([[Ian Hunter  hears Mason's voice and realises that he's disobeyed orders and flown on the operation. However, owing to Mason's intervention the raid, which could have been a failure, has been a success, and on Mason's return Logan greets him at his aircraft. At the end of the mission, Mason, along with Brown, and Greeno's Wife, Pam, take a taxi to Buckingham Palace to receive an award from King George VI, the so-called "appointment" in London.