The movie´s plot involves Nobita, who throws a temper tantrum because he wants a really large RC toy robot in order to upstage the rich kid, Suneo, who has been showing off the new robot that his cousin made. His fit makes Doraemon angry and being a hot Japanese summer, he goes to "cool off" at the North Pole with the Anywhere Door. Nobita follows him there after he's gone for a long time, and discovers a strange bowling ball-like orb which starts blinking with a pulsating light, and summons what looks like a giant robot´s foot. After sledding down the hill on it and having it crash into his room through the Anywhere Door, the bowling ball follows him home through the door and another robot piece falls into his backyard. Doraemon, who returned covered in ice, thaws out and wakes up with a cold. When Nobita thanks him for summoning up the parts for a giant robot for him, Doraemon is astonished and admits that he knows nothing about them. However, using a combination of the Opposite World Entrance Oil and the Roll-Up Fishing Hole, they go to the "World Inside the Mirror"  and build the robot. Finally, Nobita dubs the robot "Zanda Cross", since he feels that the bowling ball that's summoning the parts was a gift from Santa Claus at the North Pole. Using a brain-wave controller that Doraemon pulls out of his pocket, he and Nobita play around with the robot, making it do gymnastic moves over bridges and such. Not to keep things to himself, Nobita returns home and brings Shizuka back with him to play with the robot together, but Shizuka presses a button on the control panel that makes the robot fire a huge laser beam, resulting in the destruction of half of the city. Seeing this, they group realizes just how dangerous "Zanda Cross" really is, so they decide to return to the real world and forget about ever finding the robot. However, Nobita forgot about the bowling ball-like orb he brought back with him, which has been sending telepathic messages to a mysterious girl named Lilulu. She is the owner of Zanda Cross, and is looking to reclaim it. Following the orb's messages, she seeks out Nobita, who accidentally lets slip that he knows about the robot. Lilulu proceeds to force him into showing her where it is, so Nobita borrows the Roll-Up Fishing Hole from the spare pocket Doraemon keeps in the closet and takes her to the World Inside the Mirror. She reclaims Zanda Cross, and asks Nobita if she can borrow the Roll-Up Fishing Hole for a while, to which Nobita agrees. After some time, Nobita is visibly nervous about what she is up to, and after seeing two shooting stars in a row, uses the Bamboo Copter to fly over and see what is going on. Flying over the forest by Mt. Ura, he discovers the Roll-Up Fishing Hole unrolled with a portal to the World Inside the Mirror open. When another "shooting star" falls from the sky directly into the portal, Nobita follows it into the other world and discovers that it is one of the parts for building a massive robot army and that Riruru is at the center of it all. Doraemon, who was suspicious of Nobita's peculiar behavior at home and had followed him there, uses a long-range Paper Cup Phone to listen in on her, and discovers that Lilulu is actually a robot who hates all humans. Upon Lilulu discovering that she was being listened in on, she chases after Nobita and Doraemon. After returning to their own world, Zanda Cross, on Lilulu's orders, tries to get through the portal as well, resulting in its destruction, seemingly separating the two worlds forever. The two have completely forgotten about the bowling ball orb that is still at home, however. It then wakes up, and starts bouncing around. So Doraemon pulls out a special kind of incubator and puts the bowling ball and Doraemon's Translation Jelly in it, causing the bowling ball to speak. The ball reveals itself as the 'brain' of Zanda Cross and he alerts Doaremon of a giant robot army who are involved in a plot to enslave all humanity, so that robot-kind can take over the Earth. Doraemon then reprograms Zanda Cross' brain so that the robot becomes their ally. Doraemon and Nobita alert their friends, Gian and Suneo, about the robot invasion, and they decide to lure the robot army into the mirror world instead, while Shizuka takes care of fixing Lilulu after she discovers her very badly damaged. Despite everything Nobita and the others did for her, Lilulu still flees from them and later proceeds to shoot Nobita with a laser beam from her finger when he confronts her. When she meets up with her superiors, Lilulu instead changes her mind and decides that she is not going to support their plan on enslaving mankind. Enraged, the commander of the robot army orders her chained up and locked away for treason. Nobita and Doraemon, who had been watching the whole thing, later rescue her from her captors. Despite having won back the trust of Doraemon and his friends, Lilulu confesses that she has an inner conflict with herself and doesn't know what she wants, so she willingly lets Doraemon lock her up in a bird cage using the Small Light. In the meantime, the robot army gets further suspicious because of there being no humans in the world. They then discover that they are in a fake world upon analyzing the satellite image of the world and the same image of the current world and seeing how they are reversed. The robot army discovers the newly-made portal that Doraemon made to get out of the fake world and into the real world and heard towards there, leaving Nobita, Doraemon, Gian, Suneo, and Zanda Cross to fight together to stop the robot army from destroying the planet, while Shizuka, with Doraemon's spare pocket, is left behind to watch over the tiny Lilulu. As the team is gearing up for battle, an outburst from Suneo's robot  gives Shizuka an idea. She enlarges Lilulu with the Big Light, uses the Walk-In Mirror to go back to the real world, takes the Anywhere Door to Nobita's room, and takes the Time Machine in Nobita's desk drawer back to 30,000 years ago, when a Professor was creating two robots who would become the ancestors of the Robot Army. After learning from the girls on what has happened in the future, the Professor realizes that the cause is the Competition Instinct program he installed in the robots, so he proceeds to replace it with a program that allows robots to have feelings and love. However, he collapses of old age before the process is completed. Lilulu then takes over, despite being aware that doing so would result in her demise. The process is soon completed, causing the evil robot army from the future to disappear from existence. Lilulu herself disappears after shaking hands with a grieving Shizuka and declaring each other as "friends". Although not shown on screen, it is implied that Zanda Cross is erased as well, since he was originally built by the Robot Army. The group is saddened by the loss of their new friends, but a reborn Lilulu later appears before Nobita and smiles at him before flying off. The movie ends with Nobita rushing to tell his friends of Lilulu's rebirth while Lilulu, no longer a machine of destruction, watches over the Earth from outer space.