The following fall semester after the happenings in The Naked Mile, Erik Stifler and his buddy Mike "Cooze" Coozeman are now incoming college freshmen at the University of Michigan. As soon as they arrive, Erik meets his new roommate Bobby, as well as a cute girl named Ashley taking a shower in the coed bathrooms. Soon enough, Erik's cousin, Dwight Stifler, invites Erik, Cooze, and Bobby to a Beta House party. They learn how they can gain eligibility to pledge for the Beta House fraternity and meet Wesley, who was initiated into the Beta house from his ability to black out real easy when he drinks. In the meantime, Erik and Ashley begin dating. On their first date, Erik accidentally gets hot soup poured all over himself, so Ashley brings him to her room to clean up. When she then goes to put lotion on Erik's burns, he accidentally ejaculates all over Ashley's things, including her teddy bear. Erik apologizes, and explains to Ashley about the masturbation incident that made sex "taboo" in his house a few months prior, and how he hasn't had sex since his ex-girlfriend Tracy broke up with him. At the same time, Cooze falls for Ashley's roommate, Denise. Unfortunately whenever Cooze tries to get intimate with Denise, she feels nervous about Cooze getting in her pants, but she's still willing to give Cooze handjobs. After talking with Erik, Bobby and Dwight about how Denise won't let him get into her pants yet gives him "the best handjobs he ever had", Cooze develops suspicions Denise might be a guy. But Dwight says the only way for Cooze to make sure is by getting into her pants. Alongside two other pledges, Erik, Cooze and Bobby complete 50 tasks to pledge, including getting their asses signed by a stripper, having sex with a professor, marrying a male friend in Canada, and placing a live ostrich in the Geek fraternity house. After they complete their final task, stealing something from the Geek house, the Geek's president, Edgar, challenges the Betas to the Greek Olympiad. Beta House alumni Noah Levenstein returns to campus to officiate the contest. The first competition is won by Beta House as Dwight and Edgar compete in removing girls' bras. Beta House loses the next two competitions: a light saber duel and catching a greased pig. After learning that Edgar previously had sex with a sheep, the Betas use Edgar's wool fetish against him in the final challenge, ultimately costing him and his house the tournament. The Betas host a toga party, where Cooze, much to his relief, finally sleeps with Denise and all suspicions of her being a man are gone. The following morning, Wesley wakes up finally believing that his curse as the blackout menace is over, only to be confronted by the former Geek House bodybuilder. In a post-credits scene, Edgar instructs a stripper at Silver Dollar to dance with the headpiece of the sheep costume.<ref name10 December 2007|titleDVD|editionUniversal Pictures}}