A mailman delivers two packages and whistles out loud. Tom approaches to see that nothing is in his mailbox. He spots a package in Jerry's mailbox though, and opens it to find a book entitled "Life with Tom". He hides in the bush as Jerry walks towards his mailbox and retrieves a letter. Tom then hears a radio program which announces the publication of "Life with Tom" by Jerry Mouse. Tom opens the book and flips the page to "Dedicated to Tom.... Without whom, I could do very well". Tom moves on to a page. Flashback to 1946's Cat Fishin' beginning where Tom uses Jerry as bait and ending where Spike gives chase. Back to the present day, where the book reads: "To this day, Tom still thinks he caught a new species of dog fish". This makes Tom furious and he overhears his alley cats friends laughing. He skims to another page. Flashback to 1948's The Little Orphan beginning where Jerry and Nibbles are walking along the dinner table dressed as pilgrims and ending where Tom surrenders, waving the white flag. Back to the present day, Tom hears Spike and Tyke laughing. He extends his neck out to see what page the dogs are reading and moves to the page where Jerry reveals that while Man's best friend is a dog, Jerry's best friend is a canary. Flashback to 1948's Kitty Foiled beginning where the canary is shocked to witness Tom and Jerry's violent exploits and ending where Tom plunges down a hole aboard a train. Back again to the present day. With everyone laughing at his expense, Tom is so furious to discover he is a laughing stock, his face becomes a bright shade of red. He marches over to Jerry's hole, tearing off the facade and smashing the book over Jerry. Jerry then shows Tom the letter that he had received that morning. The letter states "Dear Jerry, enclosed find royalty checks for $50,000. In accordance with your instructions, half of this is for your friend Tom". Tom finds a check for $25,000...addressed to him! A flattered Tom has a change of heart about the autobiography and now begins to see the funny side of it all.