Almost all of the scenes in this film are shot either off a mirror like the final shot, or through diffused and textured glass. After opening to the couple walking along a road, the scene cuts to a caption  Les dents des femmes sont des objets si charmants...   A short scene where the female alters her stocking.  ... qu' on ne devrait les voir qu' en rêve ou à l'instant de l'amour.   From this point the couple retire to the upper bedroom of a house and the female undresses and retires, at which point the male bids her farewell.  Si belle! Cybèle?   The male leaves the house.  Nous sommes à jamais perdus dans le désert de l'éternèbre.   The film cuts to a female selling newspapers in the street, this is André de la Rivière in drag.  Qu'elle est belle   A man is shown purchasing a sea star in a jar, returning it home to examine further.  "Après tout"   The film then changes focus, following newspapers being blown in the wind while a man attempts to pick them up. Scenes from a railway journey appear briefly, tugboats docking at a wharfside followed by a panning city scape.  Si les fleurs étaient en verre   Followed by a montage of various rotating objects, including the sea star in a jar. A few still lifes appear, again featuring the sea star.  Belle, belle comme une fleur de verre  Belle comme une fleur de chair  Il faut battre les morts quand ils sont froids.   We rejoin the man as he ascends the staircase to the upper bedroom in the house, leaving the sea star at the foot of the stairs. The film cuts to the woman brandishing a large knife superimposed with the sea star.  Les murs de la Santé  Et si tu trouves sur cette terre une femme à l'amour sincère...  Belle comme une fleur de feu  Le soleil, un pied à l'étrier, niche un rossignol dans un voile de crêpe.   We return to the female reclining in the bedroom.  Vous ne rêvez pas   The film then reveals a short end to the characters love triangle.  Qu'elle était belle  Qu'elle est belle   The female appears in a mirror with the word &#39;belle&#39;, which shatters. The affair is over, and the film brings to a close.