{{plot}} White Fang bands together with a friend of his master, Henry Casey  to stop miners from destroying a ritual land. Henry and White Fang get washed up while sailing to bring their gold to town and he is found by Lilly , a girl from the nearby Native Americans who has been sent out to find the one who will bring the caribou back to the starving tribe. Lilly introduced him to his father, Moses  and to the tribe. At first, Henry finds the natives and their beliefs strange and does not want any part of them, but by being open-minded, Henry will be a hero for these people in need of them. While Jack Conroy  was in San Francisco, White Fang lives and bands together with his master's friend, Henry Casey . While they are sailing to bring their gold to town, they got washed up. At the Native Americans tribe, while Moses  dreamed about White Fang, and with his daughter Lilly . He said that Lilly will guide them the way finding the wolf. Lilly sailed to the river, and then walked through the forest, when she heard White Fang barking. She ran fast as she could, and she found White Fang, but suddenly disappeared, then she saw Henry, she took him. Then they traveled back to the starving tribe. Then she introduced him to her father. While Moses was telling that he is the wolf, Henry said that he is not the wolf, but the wolf was his friend, and he is a human, leading to a laughter of the crowd. While White Fang was left at the river he walked through the wilderness of the forest, and saw wolves, he followed them, and saw a pack, but he did not join. That day, Henry went back to the town.Then he saw hungry people, and he was seen by Reverend Leland Drury, saying " Sad, isn't it?".But White Fang, who saw the village, went there and he was seen by Lilly, and called Moses, his father, and said "That's him". Moses went to see White Fang,but the half-dog, half- wolf ran away. The next day, Henry decided to go back to the village, with a white cloth. He saw Lilly, and decided to give the cloth to her, Lilly said something that led Henry to be angry. While White Fang was at the forest, he saw again the pack, but one female wolf decided to join him play. That night, he was in the Native American group dancing the Native American dance, suddenly, he heard White Fang howled, and Moses allowed him to go. Henry to run and traveled to the forest with a torch, calling White Fang, and he saw a wolf, and gently saying White Fang, and was surprised that it was another wolf, and White Fang came and protected him against the wolf. And Henry called White Fang to go to the village, but because White Fang had another friend wolf, that made him hesitate. Henry understand White Fang and let him to go with his friend, but White Fang decided and joined Henry traveling back to the village. When he slept, he also dreamed what Moses dreamed about, White Fang and Lily, but now, with him. Moses then prepares Henry, giving him a pack of arrow and a bow and being sent to the forest to practice his skills in hunting. He shot once but missed, but is surprised that an arrow hit his target perfectly. He shouts if someone is there, and Lilly comes out. She then helps him how to hunt using his bow with extreme accuracy. Peter and Henry practice hunting in the forest. Lilly, now Henry's love interest, was the cousin of Peter, so he asked some ideas how she could answer her. Peter said "Put your chin to her shoulder, and whisper through her ears," then Henry asked then, Peter said "She'll break your nose." Moses allows Peter, Lilly's cousin to hunt with Henry,then after that Lilly's mother asks his husband, Moses, what will happen next, and he says that Peter will not come back. Lilly is forcing his father to join Henry hunt, but his father replied that she's a woman, and she can't hunt. When the time of the hunting came, Henry, with White Fang and Peter goes to the forest. Lilly, grabs her bow and secretly slips into the forest to join Henry hunt. Henry and Joseph then see that the village's hunters that didn't return. Henry, accidentally steps into a trap, resulting in a log to be swung towards, but successfully evades it. Peter, goes up to the dead body of the hunter that didn't listen to Henry, who said not to go there, then a bullet hit the dead body, and Henry saw it. Peter ran tree by tree, with the man with the gun chasing him. Henry and White Fang continued traveling, and Henry stepped in a trap, and there was the man, with his rifle, he aimed Henry with his gun, then suddenly, Lilly saw him and the guy, she made fire as fast as she could, and put her arrow on the fire, and aimed her bow with the arrow with fire, and hit the man, the man ran away, and his hiding area explode. Lilly pulled the rope and removed Henry. They continued traveling with White Fang. And then they were already at the final destination. Henry saw the path that blocks the animals.They went back and, they accidentally fell into a hole, which led them to the mining area. They quietly walked and hide from the miners. There was a guard guarding, and he suddenly heard a sound. He wandered what was there and Lilly shouted, and Henry hit him.They get the dynamite that will open the path that blocks the animals. Then they saw Reverend Leland Drury and the miners working. Henry shot him, and Reverend Leland Drury ordered his miners to catch him. Henry and Lilly ran. Henry saw an exit, but Lilly was caught by the miners, Lilly let Henry go. Then Henry saw White Fang. He guards him from Reverend Leland Drury's men while he plants the dynamite to the path.The path already explode!! The animals were free. Reverend Leland Drury ordered his men to get the girl. Henry and White Fang ran, and they saw Lilly with Reverend Leland Drury. White Fang jumped and attacked Reverend Leland Drury, while Henry jumped in order to save Lilly. Henry untied Lilly, and when the screw combining the horses and the thing Reverend Leland Drury and Lilly riding on was removed, it separated it and the thing Lilly and Henry was riding on fell into a cliff then they both jumped off.Reverend Leland Drury, who already climbed the cliff where he also fell,was shocked when he saw the animals running. He was stepped by that group of animals. Henry and Lilly went into where White Fang fell. They saw him weak. They carried him and returned to the village. They saw Lilly's parents. Moses went to Lilly and Henry with the weak White Fang.Henry ran towards Lilly's mother, with Peter, that died. After the hunt, Lilly and Joseph went to the forest, and Lilly gave Henry his gold. And said Henry can leave now. And Lilly walked through the village. Henry, arranging his things talked with Moses.The village thanked him. When Henry was ready to go with White Fang, Lilly wore the white cloth that Henry gave him and ran towards him. She shouted "White Wolf!!" Henry ran towards her. Lilly said " I choose you". Then she hugged him. After that Lilly kissed him. And White Fang's female wolf friend was there. White Fang ran towards her. Like what Henry and Lilly did, she also kissed him and hugged him. Three months later, White Fang and the wolf had many puppies. Henry and Lilly went at White Fang's place where the puppies where found.