{{Plot|dateAct 1Act 2Act 3 Act 3 is set in 1997 against the backdrop of the handover of Hong Kong to China. Lau is one of the officers involved in the ceremony and Chan has taken Law's place by Ngai's side. Ngai attempts to bring glory to his family by going into politics, but is arrested at a government party. The police have compiled enough evidence to charge Ngai, which rests on the testimony of a star witness - Hon, who had survived the shooting in Thailand and apparently started a new family with a Thai woman. Wong brings Hon back to Hong Kong under witness protection and introduces him to the newly promoted Lau, after which he admits to Hon that the evidence is sufficient to put Ngai behind bars for a few years. Hon and Lau talk for the first time in years. Ngai's political aspirations disintegrate as his backers withdraw support, while his lawyer says that he has no legal chance of winning and resigns. Ngai decides to immediately relocate his family to Hawaii while he awaits trial, as a defensive measure. At Luk's grave, Chan expresses to Wong his desire to get out of undercover before his criminal persona consumes him and provides him the last piece of evidence against Ngai before saluting Luk's headstone. Within a few days of the trial, Hon escapes witness protection with Lau's help and confronts Ngai and his triad alone. Ngai has kidnapped Hon's Thai wife and child to prevent him from testifying, but Hon outmaneuvers Ngai, revealing that his Thai friends are also holding Ngai's family hostage in Hawaii. Through Wong, it is revealed that the Thai woman Ngai is holding hostage is actually Hon's maid. In desperation, Ngai holds Hon at gunpoint as Wong and a police squad arrive. The film reaches a climax at a standoff between Ngai's triad and the cops, with Hon taunting Ngai to kill him. When Ngai shows signs of intent to fire his weapon, Wong shoots him and Ngai collapses, dying in Chan's arms; moments before succumbing to his wound, Ngai discovers the wire in Chan's jacket and concludes that his half-brother is an undercover cop. In the aftermath, Wong questions Hon on whether he killed Ngai's family and condemns Hon's tactics, to which Hon retorts that he did not expect to leave alive and they part ways. Before leaving, Wong reveals to Hon that he could have gathered enough evidence to make Ngai serve life imprisonment if only he had been more patient. In his car, Hon receives a call from the Thai gangster who shot him earlier, asking him if he should "close" Ngai's case, and Hon replies that they should not go too far. The Thai explains that it was fated that he failed to kill Hon, and that to become powerful, they must be in control of fate. A remorseful Hon hangs up and the entire Ngai family is killed. The pieces are set in place for the first film: Hon goes down the dark path of replacing Ngai as one of the most ruthless triad bosses, becoming Wong's new foe; Lau is a police inspector and Hon's mole; Chan is forced to remain undercover, returning to join Hon's triad. As the handover ceremony takes place, Hon sheds tears over the loss of his beloved Mary before hosting an upper-class party, while back at the police station, Lau handles a case involving a young woman, coincidentally also called Mary, who becomes his wife in Infernal Affairs.