Senso is set in Italy around 1866, when the Italian-Austrian war of unification was coming to its end. The film opens in the La Fenice opera house in Venice with a performance of Il Trovatore. At the close of Manrico's rousing aria Di quella pira, the opera is interrupted by a major protest of Italian Nationalists against the occupying Austrian troops present in the theatre. Livia, an Italian Countess who is unhappily married to a stuffy old aristocrat, bears witness to this and tries to conceal the fact that her own cousin Marquis Roberto Ussoni organized the protest. During the commotion, she meets a dashing young Austrian Officer named Franz Mahler, and is instantly smitten by him. The two begin a secretive and highly forbidden love affair. Despite the obvious fact that Franz was responsible for sending Roberto into exile because of his radical behavior, Livia vainly pretends not to be aware of it. Although he is obviously using her for her money and social status, Livia throws herself into an affair of complete sexual abandon with Franz, giving away all her money and not caring what the high society thinks about her. But soon, Franz begins failing to show up for their trysts and Livia is slowly consumed with jealousy and paranoia. The war finally forces the lovers apart, with Livia's husband making her move away to their villa in the country in order to avoid the carnage. Late one night, Franz sneaks his way into Livia's bedroom, where he asks her for more money in order to bribe the army doctors to have him stay away from the battle field; Livia complies, giving away all of the money she was holding for Roberto, who intended to supply with it the partisans who were fighting the Austrians.  Livia's betrayal leads to tragic consequences; the Austrians overwhelm the under-equipped Italians. Eventually, Livia is almost driven mad by the fact that she is unable to see Franz and rejoices when a letter from him finally arrives. In it, he tells her how much he loves and misses her and that the money she gave him helped him stay away from the front. He advises Livia not to look for him, but she does not listen. As soon as possible, Livia, still grasping the letter, boards a carriage and hurries to Verona to find her lover, where she soon discovers what her indiscretion has caused, amidst the gloating Austrian soldiers. Once there, Livia makes her way to the apartment, which she herself had bought for Franz. But all she finds is a drunken, self-loathing rogue in the company of a prostitute, who openly mocks Livia for accepting his abuse. Franz brutally throws Livia out of his apartment, and she finds herself in streets full of drunk, sleazy soldiers. Livia realizes that she has Franz's letter. Nothing remains now but mutual self-destruction. Her sanity slipping, Livia heads to the headquarters of the Austrian Army, where she hands Franz's letter to a General, thereby convicting Franz of treason. Although the General sees that Livia is acting out of spite for being cuckolded, he is forced to comply and Franz is executed by firing squad. Livia, now insane, runs off into the night, crying out her lover's name.