The film opens with "The Super Fan", an avid Chiefs fan, making his 3rd belt. The film depicts the lives of 5 Chiefs players: Mike Bajurny , Brady Austin, Mike Henderson and Cory Holland. With the exception of Henderson, all of these players live in an abandoned storage area on the second story of Colisee de Laval, affectionately known as "The Rat's Nest"East Hill Productions - Les Chiefs Synopsis Page. Several players discuss the living conditions. Some don't mind it, while other say that since the room is near an exit, the apartments will not be used for a fire exit. Henderson mentions that the living situation isn't bad for a young single guy. Henderson discusses his role with the team. He doesn't think he is limited to being a fighter, but considers himself to have an Owen Nolan-type of role with the team, where he could be tough as needed. The Super Fan shows how he prepares for a big game: which involves the shining of one of his championship belts. A shot of the arena is shown with fans mock-fighting each other with security surrounding the ice. Craig Martin discusses a line brawl and how it originated. At the end of the second, the team was trailing 3-0, but the Chiefs would score 7 goals to come back and win. Families of the players discuss their son's and boyfriend's role with the team. Bajurny's mother does not approve of her son's role as a fighter. Henderson's fiance discusses how they met and how she feels about him playing professional hockey. A 6'5", 265 lbs ex-military strong man by the name of Tim Leveque comes to play for the Chiefs. The players discuss Tim coming to the team, and some players are concerned about not knowing his background. He immediately establishes himself as an enforcer. He is shown fighting 6'7", 320 lb Dominic "The Giant" Forcier and beats him. Near the end of the film a boxing promoter comes to town and tries to get Bajurny and Holland to fight. Bajurny and Holland at first accept it. But after an inspiring talk from his grandfather, Bajurny says no, but Holland still goes through with it. Holland loses his fight. In the playoffs Bajurny is benched for fighting and Austin and Holland aren't even dressing for games anymore. Everyone looks depressed and they want to go home. The Chiefs win the championship and all is forgiven and forgotten.