Guru Moorthy  is an athlete and business management student. Abhinaya  is the daughter of a business baron . They meet and fall in love. The movie goes on to show how the lovers manage to get the permission of their parents. In the meantime, a different dimension in the tale is revealed while the romantic drama is unfolding. Vijay visualizes some bizarre scenes in his mind. The scenes are disturbing; and worse, they become true in real life. A psychiatrist  confirms that it is extrasensory perception  and says that the images visualized by Guru would actually happen sooner or later. Unfortunately, Guru visualizes another scene in which he stabs Abi in the stomach. Sensing that he poses a danger to his sweetheart, he runs away from her to Mumbai. In Mumbai he stumbles upon a person who looks like himself. This gives him a different interpretation of the horrible incident he has visualized. Before catching the man, Prasad , Guru is involved an accident. In the meantime, the new man moves to Chennai. Stylish and carefree Prasad, the Guru look-alike, is a greedy person who does anything for money. He is a womaniser and enjoys life. He meets Dhanalakshmi  during his train trip to Chennai, promises marriage and dumps her. Abhinaya mistakes him for Guru and brings him to her house. Sensing his opportunity, Prasad decides to pretend to be Guru and intends to marry the rich Abhi. The real Guru comes back and tells everyone the truth. But no one is ready to believe him, as he is outplayed by the wicked Prasad at each turn. Finally the truth prevails, but not before a tense battle between the two. During the battle, when Guru tries to kill Prasad, he accidentally stabs Abhi. Guru tries to take Abhi to the hospital but Prasad knocks him out and changes into Guru's clothes so he will look like Guru in front of Abhi. Abhi recovers at the hospital and thinks Prasad is Guru again. At the hospital she tells him how much she hates Prasad and how much she loves Guru. When Prasad hears this he feels guilty for what he did and tells her he is not Guru. Guru suddenly comes into the room, and Prasad leaves as a reformed man. As Prasad walks away from the hospital, Dhanalakshmi appears, saying she is pregnant with twins. Prasad and Dhanalakshmi join together.