In the beginning of the movie a new generation of nerds rule the Adams College campus, upholding the traditions of nerds from the first film. The Alpha Betas are now respectful of the nerds' prominence and even wish they could get more nerds to join their frat. However, this changes when Orrin Price , becomes a member of the Adams College Board of Regents and a new generation of jocks come to campus, including Orrin's obnoxious son and a brain-dead jock named Bobo. Stan Gable is now a pathetic motorcycle police officer whom Orrin Price implausibly installs as the new Dean of Students. Gable and Price rally the ABs to cause trouble for the nerds, whose group now includes an obese English inductee  and a Korean Elvis impersonator . Early anti-nerd actions include the vandalizing of the Computer Science Center and a raid that ruins the Tri-Lamb new membership party. Lewis, who lives near the Adams College campus and chairs Adams' Computer Science Department, shows that he is distancing himself from his nerd past by growing a ponytail and asking people to call him "Lou" rather than Lewis. His nephew Harold, who is now a student at Adams, is surprised at Lewis' behavior, saying in his college day he was the "George Washington of nerds". Betty, who is now married to Lewis and is also a professor at Adams College , tries to remind him she fell in love with him because he had the courage to be himself, but Lewis is more interested in becoming friends with new Dean Gable . When Stan and the Alpha Betas launch a reign of terror against the nerds, Lewis is forced to examine his "self-hating nerd" status, while Stan faces his own stirrings of conscience over the vile actions of Orrin Price and has to decide what he will and will not stand for. The film reaches its climax when Lewis, finally unable to ignore Orrin Price's reign of terror over Adams College, decides to take action. Orrin Price has framed the Tri-Lambs by planting marijuana in their house. Lewis reaches out to Stan to help defend the Tri-Lams, but Stan says he will not help. Lewis angrily tells Stan that he was forgiving of their rocky past and defended Stan as a friend when others were telling Lewis he should ditch Stan. Stan then says that he is not friends with Lewis, and that Lewis will be a nerd for life so matter what his behavior. This betrayal spurs Lewis to once again embrace his nerd self. Lewis arranges for bail for the arrested Tri-Lams, putting his house up as collateral. He then calls upon all the nerds and those sympathetic to their cause on campus and in the city to participate in a massive nerd strike, meaning to take it easy and stop working. Many of the city's basic utilities and services are crippled. In order to end the strike, Price decides to frame Lewis for embezzling college funds, a tactic Stan is uncomfortable with. Lewis is arrested and the strikers return to work. Betty confronts Stan to tell the truth and get Lewis released. Stan suggests he would do it if she were to offer herself, when Betty asks if that is what he really wants, Stan looks deeply ashamed as he says he does not want that—he still has a little bit of pride left. At trial, things do not look good for Lewis until most of his old Tri-Lamb friends return to support him. Stan, realizing that his miserable life stems from his refusal to admit his own mistakes , has a change of heart and testifies against Price, admitting that he has proof that Orrin Price planted the marijuana plants in the Tri-Lam house. Stan also states that he is a nerd; that he always wanted to read books but his family discouraged it. Price is arrested and the charges against Lewis are dismissed. Stan feels it ought to be best to resign as dean of student because he feels he cannot cut it, but Lewis argues he should stay on. The nerds accept Stan as one of their own, guaranteeing nerd freedom in Adams College.