In the not so distant future, the world is faced with a global catastrophe. A biological contaminant is released into the atmosphere and over the following years, decimates nearly ninety percent of the world's population. Fleeing the poisoned planet, humanity relocates to a space station orbiting the Earth. It is there that life continues with the hope of one day returning to the planet's surface. The film unfolds during the probate hearing determining the disposition of assets of the estate of Abel Edwards beta, the clone of the founder of the Edwards Corporation , the most successful entertainment conglomerate of the 20th Century. The EC included not only an enormously successful film and television studio, but also the Abel Edwards' Fantastic Wonderlands Theme Parks based on the characters populating Abel Edwards' animated films. Due to their extensive animatronic background, the EC has morphed into a manufacturer whose primary products are humanoid robots. But their market share has fallen sharply and sales have softened. They understand the need to develop a new market, but after several failed attempts, recognize they lack the intuition and imagination necessary for the success of such a bold course change. As a last-ditch effort, their marketing department develops a plan to clone their dead genius founder, Abel Edwards. They will not only grow a genetic replica, but they will infuse him with the same life-altering experiences that shaped the original man. Nature plus nurture, or something like it. Upon his 25th birthday, Edwards takes the reins of the company and rides a 20-year wave of success with every passing day. When the potential rival of the status quo career politician abruptly drops out of the race, Edwards sees his chance to expand beyond his defined boundaries and bring the 'Edwards Standard of Living' directly into people's living rooms, rather than maintaining a park to give them a transitory experience. When Edwards moves from a 'Celebrity Politician' to a front-running candidate, the power struggle reaches its breaking point. The Anti-Reality Organizations finally have their scapegoat. Needless to say, he loses the Senate race in a landslide. In one fell swoop, Edwards has lost his son, the Senate seat and his position as CEO of the company. Edwards commandeers a space shuttle and heads for the site of the original Able Edwards Fantastic Wonderland beginning a journey of no return.