This movie is about the lives of Kim Ji-Hoon  and Choi Su-Wan , both 21 years old. Su-Wan is in her second year at university while Ji-Hoon is still in the process of repeating his third year of high school. Su-Wan’s mother works in their family business, selling fried chicken. To help out, Su-Wan earns money by tutoring other children, but often gets fired after hitting the students. Her mother has a rich friend with a son in need of a tutor. The friend, Kim Ji-Hoon’s mother, wants a tutor that will make her son study so that he can pass his exams. This salary is able to pay for an entire semester  of Su-Wan’s college education. Ji-Hoon is always able to attract the girls and draw attention through his love of fighting. He fought at his new high school, Surim High School and managed to offend Jong-Seo Lee, the leader of the triad group at Surim. He was able to attract his girlfriend, Ho-Gyung Yan, through his fighting. He had problems with everyone. Including the entire gang at his high school, he beat up a member of another gang after they took things from his little brother. Besides studying, Ji-Hoon is actually fairly well rounded. As a child, Ji-Hoon was sent to America to study abroad. Because of his parents' decision, the relationship between them and Ji-Hoon becomes strained. Ji-Hoon’s Father, Kim Bong-Man is threatening to send him back to the USA if he continues to get into trouble with fighting and bad grades. To avoid being sent back to America, Ji-Hoon needs to get at least a 50% on the upcoming mid-term exams. The only problem is that his usual average mark was much lower than that. Will he make it? Yes, he manages to do it. At the end of the term, he barely ends up with a passing grade , but passing nonetheless. As a result from a bet that the two, Ji-Hoon and Su-Wan, Su-Wan must dance in front of a crowd during a festival that was taking place. While embarrassed and shy at first, she eventually gets really into dancing and so does the audience. Ji-Hoon is starting to really like Su-Wan at this point and is angry when he sees all of the guys watching her and running up to the stage. Near this point is also when Su-Wan’s boyfriend comes back home. When spying on the couple, Ji-Hoon learns that Su-Wan’s boyfriend is breaking up with her. The next day, Ji-Hoon shows up at his house and beats him up for leaving her. Later, however, he finds out that the reason that he was leaving Su-Wan was because he was becoming a priest. After the service, Ji-Hoon lets Su-Wan beat him up for a little bit. Once she settles down, he decides to take her sky sailing. This is when Ji-Hoon decides to tell Su-Wan that he likes her. Su-Wan does not know how to respond and pretends she cannot hear him. Later on, they go to an amusement park. Just when Ji-Hoon is about to give Su-Wan a present, Su-Wan sees her close friend at the park with her boyfriend. This is the friend that Su-Wan previously confided in about dealing with this student. Originally, Su-Wan’s friend thought that Ji-Hoon was her boyfriend, but Su-Wan, however, says that she would never go out with him. This makes Ji-Hoon mad and he throws her present into the fountain and leaves. Eventually, all of Ji-Hoon’s fighting catches up with him. Near the end of the movie, Ji-Hoon has to deal with all of the problems that have been building up. First, his girlfriend is mad and is making him choose between her and Su-Wan. Once he chooses Su-Wan, he isn’t finished. He still needs to deal with the high school gang and the real gang members. Ji-Hoon and Su-Wan manage to run away for a little bit, but they get cornered and Ji-Hoon has to fight everyone on the beach. Once all of the other gang members are down, Ji-Hoon still has to deal with the best fighter of all. Ji-Hoon is at the man’s mercy, but Su-Wan is able to save Ji-Hoon. And then Su-wan and Ji-Hoon drive away on Su-Wan's motor skooter, Su-Wan is driving while Ji-Hoon sits behind and holds her waist and they go off together. In the end the movie ties up with Su-wan and Ji-hoon becoming boyfriend and girlfriend.