Ray drives to a block of flats in Sunderland to collect Betty who is his partner. They drive on to a pub for a wedding night time party. Unknown to Betty, ray is in the process of doing a deal with one of his friends, the party is full of all Rays old associates who are seacoalers that work and live on the Lynemouth coast, reclaiming waste coal that is washed in on the tide. Without informing Betty, Ray buys a caravan on the seacoalers' camp. Betty wakes the next morning to find herself in the run-down caravan, and is shocked to learn of Ray's decision to set up again as a seacoaler. Nevertheless, she agrees to move in with him to get her and her daughter Corrina away from her violent ex-husand. Betty cleans and decorated the caravan, turning it into a home for the three, and becomes content with living on the camp and working as a seacoaler Betty makes friends with two other women Rosie and Val. Ray manages to persuade an old resident of the camp Ronnie, to allow Ray to use his address to fiddle his dole payments, as living in a caravan they have no actual address. Betty is outraged to discover that all their hard work of about 15 ton of coal has accumulated to £40. Ray then goes ahead without consulting Betty sells his car and buys a horse, which sets him up as a freelance seacoaler, this enables him to get a better rate for his collected coal. Meanwhile. Corrina makes friendships with the other children on the camp, Ray is called for an interview at the DHSS concerning his address, where his fraud is discovered. He then bets all his coal on a troting race to win a pickup that could improve his fortunes, but unfortunately loses. He returns to the beach to find his coal already gone. unsure what to do and not wanting to face up to Betty he packs his suitcase and leaves while Betty is shopping, Although very upset by Ray's disappearance, Betty decides to stay on the camp and try and make a life for herself and Corrina with support from the other families on the camp.