Spike has just bathed Tyke so that he is nice and clean. However, Spike is horrified when, through the constant chases of Tom and Jerry, Tyke ends up getting dirty by falling into a muddy puddle. Spike grabs Tom and scolds him that if Tyke isn't clean at all, the feline will be in trouble with the law. Tom quickly rushes off with the muddy pup and returns almost instantly with Tyke cleaned up. Tom grudgingly agrees to look after the pup and ensure his cleanliness until Spike returns, Jerry of course being ready to sabotage this. As Tom sits down on the same wooden platform that Tyke is lying on, one of the wooden planks catapults Tyke into the air, and Tom narrowly saves Tyke from falling into the same muddy puddle. Tom overhears Jerry's laughter and chases after him. Jerry quickly stops the cat, and challenges him to a game of tic-tac-toe on Tyke's back. Tom wins and resumes chasing Jerry, before suddenly realizing what he's done, and promptly returns to Tyke to rub off his pencil marks. Jerry hurls a tomato at Tom, but Tom quickly ducks so that it avoids him. Realizing that it will hit Tyke instead he yelps with fear and Tom rushes back and stands directly in front of the pup so that the tomato does hit him after all. The chase resumes until Tyke ends up with a jar of ink spilled on him. Tom panics after seeing Tyke covered in ink and attempts to rub the ink off but fails. Tom grabs some paint tins, painting Tyke first white, then gray, but Jerry pushes the paint containers so that Tom ends up dipping his paintbrush into a variety of different colors. Tyke has now been painted a multi-colored mess of reds, blues, greens and yellows. Horrified, Tom grabs a hose so that he can wash the paint off, but Jerry connects the other end of the hosepipe to a large container of tar. Out of the hosepipe comes thick, black, sticky tar. Tom sees that Spike is approaching, and decides he had better act quickly. Tom spots a pillow hanging on a washing line, and stuffs Tyke into it and takes him out, which leaves Tyke covered in feathers. He then places a red glove on Tyke's head and a clothes peg on his mouth, so that Tyke crudely resembles a chicken of sorts. Spike is surprisingly fooled and walks off. However, Tyke removes the peg from his mouth and bites Tom's tail. Tom screams in pain and alerts Spike, causing him to turn and investigate. Tom rushes off and hides in the laundry room, putting Tyke inside a washing machine. Tom however is too late to do anything; just as he is adding soap flakes, Spike stops him and takes Tyke out of the washing machine. Catching on to what had happened to Tyke, an angry Spike pours the box of soap flakes over Tom's head and shoves a soap bar in his mouth before he shoves Tom in the washing machine and slams the door on him. Now Tom ends up taking a shower around the washing machine as Spike and Tyke look on. Both of them are joined by Jerry, who waves at the cat as the cartoon closes.