A teacher moulds the character of children. She is our 2nd mother. She teaches us what is right and wrong. Mi-ja, who has been taking care of a retired teacher, Ms Park, invites several of her former students to her house, 16 years after their graduation. Since the end of her teaching career, Park has been residing in the countryside, suffering from an illness while her ex-student, Mi-ja, cares for her. Se-ho, Eun-young, Sun-hee, Dal-bong, and Myung-ho each resent her for different reasons. Se-ho and Eun-young, who were the president and vice-president of their class, are planning on getting married. They remember the time they were belittled by their teacher for being poor. Sun-hee, skinny and beautiful, was made fun of by the teacher for being obese during her years in high school. Dal-bong, who had dreamed of becoming a baseball player, becomes handicapped due to severe corporal punishment. Myung-ho was sexually abused by his teacher. She also used to lock her deformed son {who wore a bunny mask} in the dark basement while the other children made fun of him. Myung-ho's mother, who filed a complaint, was dismissed as a psychopath. As the night of the reunion continues, the students start to die from the hands of a bunny-masked killer. See-ho is killed when the killer stuffs pieces of cutter into his mouth and applies hot water from the teapot. Eun-young is killed when her eyes are stappled, Dal-bong is killed when the killer stuffs black ants into his body and smashes his head with a baseball bat. During the movie, the bunny-masked killer is assumed to be her deformed son, coming back for revenge. As the plot thickens, Sun-hee tries to take revenge on Mrs. Park but fails when Mi-Ja appears and both have a short fight and ends when Mi-Ja throws Sun-hee down a cliff injuring her head and apparently cut in half by the big rocks, the masked killer turns out to be Jung-won, a shy boy who was humiliated in class because he defecated in his pants. The movie continues, and in a twist of events the detectives realize that Mi-Ja is actually the killer. They realize this when they go to Jung-won's house and see the skeleton of his mom. The detectives see pictures and news clippings on her wall. The police find out that Jung-won is actually Mi-Ja after looking through the feminine outfits in the closet. At the end of the movie Mi-Ja lures all her classmates to the reunion and poisons them all. Everything that had supposedly happened to her classmates, actually happened to her. Instead of living terrible lives, as Se-ho had said earlier, they all went off to lead successful and happy lives. In fact, they did visit Ms. Park every year as a class reunion, because they thought of her as a good teacher. At the end of the movie, Mi-Ja kills herself after confronting Ms. Park, who tried to save her but fails due to her health. The movie ends with Ms. Park's empty wheelchair on the pier, Ms. Park having committed suicide because of her guilt.