A pair of hands meticulously crops images from a fashion magazine for a personal scrapbook. The hands belong to an unassuming and conservative physician named Julian. He runs a radiology clinic from his personal residence, assisted by a shy, mild mannered nurse named Ana. One afternoon, Julian is invited to the house of the mother of his friend Pablo, where a reunion of the two childhood pals has been arranged. Pablo is a charismatic and sophisticated adventurer who has recently returned from Africa with the unexpected news that he has married a beautiful and carefree young woman named Elena. Pablo hands Julian a drink, his favorite cocktail, peppermint frappe, as the group awaits the entrance of Elena, who is upstairs dressing. The sight of the captivating Elena visibly stuns Julian, as Elena reminds him of a mysterious woman he had seen beating drums during the famous Holy Week ritual in the village of Calanda. She insists that she has never seen him before, nor has she ever been to Calanda. Despite her rebukes, Julian finds himself immediately drawn to Elena's cosmopolitan demeanor. During the days following their first encounter, Julian becomes increasingly infatuated with Pablo’s bride and finds pretext to spend time with her. While Pablo is busy, Julian takes Elena sightseeing Cuenca. Despite her indifference to his attentions, Julian’s obsession with Elena does not diminish. Frustrated by his inability to win Elena's affection, Julian turns his attention to his laboratory assistant, Ana, who has secretly pined for Julian. A sexual liaison between the two is soon established. Julian manipulates Ana, coercing her to dress and groom herself like Elena does. While involved with Ana, Julian continues to pursue the elusive Elena, but she resists his advances with open derision. Julian invites Pablo and Elena to his cottage on the countryside to spend the weekend. He takes them on a tour of the grounds of the abandoned spa where he and Pablo used to play as children. After a practical joke by Pablo and Elena, aimed at humiliating Julian, Julian begins to plan an elaborate revenge against the couple. Picking up Elena’s curiosity about his relationship with Ana, Julian invites Elena and Pablo to join him and Ana in his country house. Before Pablo and Elena arrive, Julian places what appears to be poison in a decanter containing peppermint frappe. When Pablo and Elena arrive, Julian tells them that Ana will be a little late and offers them the beverage. After a few sips, the couple begins to ridicule Julian once again. When they succumb to the poison, Julian carries their bodies to their car which he causes to roll off a cliff, giving the appearance that the couple had died in an automobile accident. Returning to his country house, Julian finds Ana now dressed as the woman of Calanda. The film ends as the two embrace.