Devon Werkheiser plays Nolan Byrd, an 8th grader who, along with many other kids, is bullied by Bubba Bixby  When his teacher, Mr. Green  announces that he wants his class to do a multimedia project, Nolan decides to do his project on Bubba. Nolan goes undercover, spies on Bubba, films him bullying kids at his school, and airs it on his new website www.shreddermanrules.com. Nolan takes the name "Shredderman"  because he doesn't want anyone to know he was behind this. Bubba gets in trouble with the principal Dr. Voss  after she sees what Bubba has done. Nolan goes to Bubba's father. He tapes the evils that faculty do around the school, especially that of Dr. Voss, and they get busted. Nolan soon finds out that Bubba's dad,  who is the CEO of a waste management company, proposes an urban renewal project that would in reality allow sewage to be dumped into a local pond. Nolan tries to stop it by putting it on his web site, and word quickly spreads about this. Although some agree with the idea , Nolan and his friends get together and protest. Nolan does research on the construction and tries to see if he can stop it. Meanwhile, Nolan's dad , a writer for the newspaper, tries to be the first one to get the story on the construction. Bubba and his dad do bad things and blame Shredderman. Bubba steals Claudette, the guinea pig who belongs to Isabel , Nolan's crush. Max , who used to be Nolan's best friend, helps Nolan, even though he's on Bubba's side. They go to the pet shop and retrieve Claudette, who almost gets run over by a sewage truck. The day that the deed is expected to be signed for construction, kids protest. Nolan sneaks into a tree and controls two airplanes and a boat to ruin the signing. The treaty gets blown onto a nearby truss being used as part of the stage, and Bubba's dad Bob climbs the truss to retrieve it. Mr. Green and Nolan's Dad are there, and Nolan's dad is taking all the events down so he can publish this story. When the treaty is retrieved, a small model boat comes by the shore of the pond and Bob's voice is heard on it, saying he doesn't care about nature or the pond. Dr. Voss tries to stop Nolan, as she is romantically involved with Mr. Bixby, but she gets covered in blue slime. Bob and Bubba are exposed. Bob is arrested and forced to do community service at Nolan's school. The principal's face is blue because the slime dried and is given a vacation  by her bosses. Nolan's dad gets published and goes to Britain to write a bigger story and leaves the family for a small trip. Everyone knows about Shredderman, and everyone wants to meet him, but Nolan doesn't tell anyone that he and Shredderman are one and the same child. He goes on with his life like a normal kid. Nolan finally asks out Isabel  on a date, and she accepts. She then reveals her guinea pig, Claudette is pregnant, but still wonders how it had happened. Everything works out in the end. "Nolan" uses his planes to stop Bubba from destroying the Pond.