{{Plot}} Tom is chasing Jerry in circles around the house. Tom then receives a letter from his cousin George who says in the letter that he is scared of mice and is coming to visit. Tom boards up the mousehole to stop Jerry escaping. He opens the door as his cousin George  arrives perched on a chair. George enters the house, clinging on to Tom for comfort to not find a mouse. Tom sets George down on a nearby armchair and plays a cruel prank on him, winding up a clockwork mouse, which predictably frightens George, making him retreat through the chair he is on and crash into the wall behind him. Jerry meanwhile, escapes from his hole and Jerry waltzes over to a plate of candy by the chair. George sits down and starts eating some. Jerry grabs onto one, but George has grabs the same one and is about to eat it when he sees Jerry and shoots up onto the ceiling in panic, making the ceiling plaster break and George falls before he sees he is about to land on the mouse and runs for it. Jerry runs after him to see what is going on and notices that the cat is afraid of him. Jerry, thinking that the frightened cat is Tom, has a ball in using this to his advantage by scaring George up the wall and then manages to scare him into melting goo that seeps through the floor grate. Jerry then juggles and eats several pieces of the candy. Tom shows up to find out what is going on and sees Jerry. Jerry attempts to scare him . Tom makes no reaction and instead hits Jerry, who vibrates back into his hole, and Tom pushes a TV in front of it to keep the mouse confined, and sets off looking for George, unaware of his hiding place. George then emerges from the floor grate. Jerry manages to squeeze past the TV and hides under it as George walks over to turn it on. Jerry appears on the TV screen and George hides, then changes the channel, but whatever channel he sets the TV to, Jerry pokes his head out; then Jerry runs back and forth, and he appears big with a scary face. George screams before he hides under a windowsill. Jerry comes out of the TV, pulls the windowsill down, and scares the cat, who flees around the corner. Jerry pursues him and runs into Tom, who was standing and watching. He tries to scare him and gets bopped on the head again. George approaches Tom telling him about the mouse. Tom has a plan to confuse Jerry. George reluctantly goes along with it. George lets himself be scared by Jerry and gets him to follow the paranoid cat into a closet. Jerry repeatedly opens the door and scares George until Tom substitutes himself with his cousin for the third scare and whacks Jerry with a dustpan. Jerry spots Tom, who pretends to be scared like George and crouches in fright, around the corner. Jerry gets ready to kick him, but George sticks his head around the opposite corner and advises him not to try that. Jerry again investigates. Tom pokes his head around the corner. Jerry tries to scare him, but he gets scared back. Jerry hides and the two cats tiptoe under a purple rug, appearing to be one long eight-legged cat. Both Jerry and George set out and George gets scared again. Jerry sees George hide behind a curtain, but he doesn't spot Tom there too. As George quickly overcomes his fear, Jerry pulls the curtain out and sees Tom. Jerry tries to scare him shouting "Aboo!". And each time he says it, out pops George's arms, then legs and finally, his head. Now both cats appear as a four-legged, four-armed, two-headed cat monster, laughing eerily, which frightens Jerry out of the house as Tom and George chase him. Jerry runs straight into a nearby home where its sign is titled: "Home For Mice With Nervous Breakdowns" and immediately enters.