 On a bus a boor and drunkard named Fedya takes a special seat for children and disabled persons and then refuses to let a young pregnant woman sit claiming that "she is neither child nor handicapped". Shurik, who is riding on the same bus, puts on sunglasses, pretends to be visually impaired, and when Fedya is urged to let him sit on his place, Shurik offers the seat to the woman. Fedya is enraged by being deceived and gets into a fight with Shurik. As a result, Fedya is arrested and sentenced for 15 days of Community service, Russian administrative arrest or simply '15 sutok' . Ironically, he is sent to serve his term to the same construction site where Shurik works part time. Moreover, the manager puts them into the same crew. Fedya does not do his work properly, bullies Shurik and plans to revenge. When Shurik finally hits back, the two get involved in a Tom and Jerry-style chase throughout the construction site using building equipment and various materials as weapons. In the end Fedya is subdued and reeducated by Shurik.  * The policeman asks: 'Who wants to work, alcoholics, parasites, hooligans?'  It's time for summer examinations at the University, and everyone is cramming for the exams. Shurik  is looking desperately for lecture notes and finally sees them in the hands of a girl on a streetcar, Lida, who is a student of the same University. As Shurik follows her reading the notebook over her shoulder, they seem so deeply absorbed in reading that Lida is instinctively assumes Shurik is one of her female coeds, and he in turn is automatically playing up to that assumption. They come into the girl's apartment and spend time there reading simultaneously with having a snack and resting, with the girl taking her clothes off, still completely unaware of each other's identity, then automatically prepare to go back to the University. There Shurik is distracted from Lida's notebook by a fellow student and loses her from his view. After passing the exam successfully, he is introduced to Lida by his coed. Shurik does not recognize Lida but is enchanted by her. He walks her back home and, following an amusing incident involving the dog of Lida's neighbors, finds himself in her apartment again, where he starts to feel as if he has been there before since he can guess where all the things are placed and all the "objects, scents and sounds" seem familiar to him. Lida assumes that he might be a telepathist and has an ability of precognition. She tells him to guess her wish that she has written on a piece of paper, "Find the teddy bear". Shurik then kisses her. Although he failed to guess the wish, the kiss evokes romantic feelings in both of them, and they decide to meet again after the next exam. Meanwhile another student tries to cheat his way through his Physics exam by using a concealed radio, but has to dress up to an absurd degree to hide his crude equipment and attracts the examinaer's attention by using radio jargon, but he seems to get away with it. However, the examiner promptly reveals a proper radio intercept suite in his bag, listens to the cheater call him a fool, and then activates a radio jammer before approaching the offender and blowing his cover. They both laugh and the disguise, and the student gets 5  for his design  and a 2  for the exam.  A warehouse manager, trying to cover up his theft, hires three petty criminals nicknamed Fool , Coward  and Experienced  to stage a break-in. Their elaborate plan goes wrong when Shurik is asked by his landlady, the elderly woman nicknamed Baboushka  who usually guarded the warehouse, to work that night instead of her. Surprised, Coward fails to neutralize the guard using chloroform as planned, putting himself to sleep instead. The culmination of the story is the "Warehouse Battle", involving Shurik and the criminals using various impromptu weapons such as musical instruments and rapiers. The segment ends as agitated Baboushka arrives at the warehouse and finds Shurik and the trio lying on a floor asleep — Coward having fainted earlier on, Fool and Experienced being "rendered harmless" by Shurik, and Shurik himself fallen asleep after accidentally wiping his face with a handkerchief soaked in chloroform .