{{Plot}} A mother duck sees all but one of her eggs hatching into little ducklings, and takes them for a swim. Then the final egg hatches and out comes Quacker. Rushing behind, trying to catch up, he wades into the water but finds himself unable to swim. He calls for his mother, but she is too far way to help. A despondent Quacker starts to cry, and Jerry overhears him. He offers to teach Quacker how to swim and demonstrates but Quacker is unable to stay afloat. Quacker kicks a rock and walks around, depressed, lamenting his inability to swim, but doesn't notice Tom cooking up some water. Tom hears the duck and slants his spoon such that Quacker walks up it and falls in the water. Tom salt and peppers him making him cry out. Jerry saves him by whacking Tom with a plank. Jerry carries Quacker away and Tom chases them, but he runs into a spade that they have placed. Jerry hides Quacker and instructs him to keep quiet, but Quacker dives into a hole when Tom approaches and Tom ends up getting pulled instead of Quacker. Tom is pulled through a pipe before Jerry turns to him and realises he has taken Tom. Jerry dives into a lake, breathing through a straw. Tom easily finds him and blows through the straw making Jerry inflate. Jerry grabs the straw and inflates Tom in return. Quacker pops Tom with a safety pin. Jerry and Quacker flee, but Quacker falls into a bowl with a few drops of water in it and Quacker thinks he's drowning until he spots Jerry. Jerry motions for him to follow, but Tom upends the bowl and sends him back into Tom's water. Tom spoons out Quacker, but Jerry pelts a brick at Tom and shatters the cat into several pieces. Quacker gets out of the spoon and runs off with Jerry, but Jerry is captured in a jug by Tom and Quacker turns the other way and runs off. Tom chases Quacker out to a lake and Quacker hides under the promontory while Tom falls in. In an ironic twist, Tom is unable to swim, and begins to drown. Quacker is reluctant to save him, as he himself cannot swim. But when Tom submerges, he summons the courage to dive in, and miraculously rescues Tom. Tom and Jerry have made up, and Jerry is helping Tom recover from a cold. They watch on as Quacker swims with his family .