Ravi Rajput comes from a poor family; his father was a foreman at a mill, and could not afford to send Ravi to a private school. Ravi studied in Municipal school, got a job in a mill, got married to Saru, who subsequently gave birth to their son, Gaurav. The proud parents watch as Gaurav grows up, starting walking, talking, and feigning illness just to stay home and watch World Cup Cricket. Their lives are turned upside down when Gaurav faints while playing cricket. They take him to the nearest hospital in Bandra, where Doctors Nita and Sen inform them that their son is dying until and unless he receives a heart transplant, the cost of which is 15 lakhs rupees. A heart is available for transplant but the hospital will perform the surgery after they receive the money in advance. A desperate Ravi turns to his insurance company, which declines to renew his policy citing an obscure clause; his employer, with whom he has worked for over 11 years, refuses to sanction above Rs.75000/-. When nothing works out and Dr. Sen informs that his son will soon be discharged and will probably die soon after, Ravi gets a gun, holds 30 people hostage in the hospital until his son gets the necessary surgery. DCP Rane is assigned to this matter and his orders are to kill Ravi and end this drama. Meanwhile the hostages realize how good a man Ravi is when he lets a pregnant woman deliver with full medical care, helps a woman facing domestic abuse and also an old gentleman whose son values money more than his father. Outside, he becomes a dark hero when the media reports that he is doing it to save his son, with a huge crown forming in his support. But Ravi persists and finally he is told that Gaurav will soon be operated upon. Relieved, Ravi decides to let go of all the hostages, and it is then that he finds out that a surgery is taking place - but not of his son, but of an elderly politician, the President of the ruling political party, Narayan Swami. In desperation, he decides to end his life and give his heart to his son. After meeting his son for a few moments, he walks out with the hostages  and his wife and proclaims to the world that he will end his life and give his heart to his son. As he is about to shoot himself, the deputy leader of the ruling political party comes and asks him to listen to him. The deputy leader announces that he has spoken to the President who has decided to forgo his life since he loves children and requested that the heart be given to the child. He assures Ravi that it is true and also that the party will take care of all the expenses of the operation. The entire crown applauds the deputy leader and Ravi lowers his gun. When the deputy leader's assistant comes to him and inquires  urgently that what will happen to the President and that the President said no such thing, the deputy leader tells him that this is politics. If they had operated and saved the President's life, then this entire crowd who is pro-Ravi would have thrown them out of power. Now by sacrificing the President, they have got huge popular support and will win the next elections. Ravi is arrested and taken to court. The judge takes a very lenient view of the situation based on the hostages evidence and sentences Ravi to a light sentence of 6 months. DCP Rane leads the applause from the entire court as Ravi looks on. The film ends with Gaurav playing cricket and his parents watching him.