The cartoon starts from another planet. One day, Jerry wants to get some cheese from the other room. He uses his robotic counterpart  to go over the room. The robot mouse goes in the room, taking a pile of cheese before leaving. Meanwhile, Tom is a policeman who, as he tries to look at the situation in panoramic area, sees the mouse toy from the camera. He calls for his robotic counterpart  to get rid of him, once and for all. The mouse robot returns to the hole, but Robot-Tom grabs his tail, unscrews him bit by bit until destroyed, then he takes the cheese, while Jerry is sitting, with drooping ears, sad. The Robot-Tom returns to his master, who laughs happily and then pats the robot cat, as if to say: "Good job." The next scene, Tom is hungry as a horn is starting to honk loudly. Tom runs to a line of robots, who are waiting at a machine to give them some oil. When Tom was fed, and realizes that it tastes bad, he punches the machine. He sets to kick it until it "grabs" him and kicks him. Tom is back to work until he sees Jerry coming outside from his hole, he chases the mouse so that he can eat him as he enters the same machine Tom went. He goes over a coin slot, ends up stuttered in a hamburger, putting some spicy catchup. It explodes in hotness, Jerry puts it in the hamburger, Tom eats it and explodes in spiciness. He was given enough water. The same scene as Tom sees robot-Jerry again continues. After being spotted robot-Jerry rushes once again from the camera, Tom calls for his minion. Then, in a chase reminiscent to the Guided Mouse-Ille, Robot-Tom chases robot-Jerry, but robot-Jerry levitates himself into the air. Robot-Tom extends his legs up and tries again, but then robot-Jerry drops himself. Robot-Tom continues his chase until he almost wrecked over some obstacles. Robot-Tom crouches to avoid a large fixture, and then extends himself high to avoid a second one. He chases robot-Jerry again until he hits over a doorjamb. Robot-Tom gets angry with Tom , and turns him into a minion , the same thing happens to Jerry as he becomes the robot mouse's minion. They control both furry leaders as Tom punching with Jerry, maniacally.