While General George Washington is conducting the struggle against the British Empire on the battlefield, the Continental Congress in Philadelphia piddles away its time over trivial matters and cannot even begin debating the question of American independence. The leader of the independence faction is the abrasive John Adams  of Massachusetts whose continuous pushing of the issue has brought their cause to a complete standstill. John Dickinson  of Pennsylvania leads the opposition that hopes for reconciliation with England. During his quieter moments, Adams calls up the image of his wife Abigail Adams  who resides in Massachusetts and gives him insight and encouragement. Doctor Benjamin Franklin  of Pennsylvania suggests another colony that supports independence should submit a proposal. Richard Henry Lee  of Virginia is sent off to Williamsburg to get authorization to propose independence. Weeks later, Lee returns with the resolution, and finally debate on the question begins. After heated discussions, the question is called without a majority of positive votes present. In a move intended to defeat the resolution, Dickinson calls for a vote requiring unanimity for passage, which ends in a tie between the colonies and ultimately being decided in favor of unanimity by Hancock, arguing that any objecting colony would fight for England against independence. Stalling for time to rally support for the resolution, Adams and Franklin call again for a postponement, justifying their call by stating the need for a declaration describing their grievances. Once again tied and ultimately being decided by Hancock, the vote is successfully postponed until such a document can be written. John Hancock ([[David Ford , President of the Continental Congress, appoints a committee up that includes Adams, Franklin and a protesting Thomas Jefferson  of Virginia who was heading home that night. Adams sends for Jefferson's wife so the declaration can be prepared by the otherwise distracted Jefferson. Both Adams and Franklin are quite taken with the young Martha Jefferson . While maneuvering to get the required unanimous majority for the vote on independence, Adams, Franklin and Samuel Chase  of Maryland visit the colonial army encamped in New Brunswick, New Jersey, at the request of General Washington to help convince Maryland. Upon returning, the declaration is being read and then subsequently debated and amended. The Southern delegates, lead by Edward Rutledge  of South Carolina, walk out of Congress when the slavery clause is not removed. After removing that clause, 11 colonies are in favor, and New York continues to abstain. The question is down to the colony of Pennsylvania and the vote of Judge James Wilson , who always follows Dickinson's lead. Wilson votes with the rest of Congress as part of the majority. Finally, with the Declaration of Independence ready to be signed, each colony  affixes their signature to the Declaration, establishing the United States on July 4, 1776.