Set in Sweden, the film is shown in flashbacks in the course of a trial in which a young woman with a half-hidden face, Anna Holm, is charged with murder. The events, as described by the witnesses, begin years before when aristocrat Torsten Barring hosts a party at a tavern. The guests include Vera, the faithless wife of noted plastic surgeon Gustav Segert. When the tavern refuses to extend his credit, Torsten meets the proprietress Anna &mdash; whose face is badly scarred from a fire 22 years ago caused by her father. Torsten treats Anna as if she is beautiful and charming rather than scarred and unpleasant. Anna is suspicious, and Torsten implies that he may need her help in the future. Anna is leader of a gang of blackmailers. She obtains letters proving Vera is having an affair and demands money. Gustav comes home unexpectedly and, thinking Anna a thief, wants to call the police, but Vera convinces him to let her go. Gustav becomes intrigued by Anna's scars and offers to perform plastic surgery on her. Anna is subjected to twelve operations. Within two years, she turns into a beautiful woman no longer ridiculed by strangers. After leaving Gustav's Swiss clinic, she returns to Torsten, who is amazed by her new physical beauty. She assures him that in spite of this, she has not yet joined the side of the angels. Torsten obliquely tells her that his uncle, Consul Magnus Barring, who is very old and very rich, is leaving everything to a four-year-old grandson. But, if something happens to the grandson, Torsten will inherit instead. Anna is horrified by what he is driving at, but is compelled through love for Torsten to agree. Using the name "Ingrid Paulson," Anna is hired as a governess on Torsten's recommendation and goes to live at the Barring chateau. She becomes fond of the kindly Consul and his sweet-natured grandson, Lars-Erik. Torsten soon joins them, but party guests include Gustav, who recognises "Ingrid" as Anna. Thinking that she has softened and changed her name to start a new life, Gustav does not reveal her true identity. The next day, Anna accidentally leaves Lars-Erik too long under a sun lamp. Her genuine distress makes Torsten suspicious of her resolve to kill the boy. He gives her an ultimatum that Lars-Erik must die before the next night and she reluctantly agrees. The incident, however, causes Gustav to become suspicious, especially after seeing Anna with Torsten at the nearby falls. Anna takes Lars-Erik for an open cable car ride across the falls. Halfway across, she loosens a bolt and the boy comes perilously close to falling to his death. Anna pulls him back to safety and hugs him, overcome with remorse. Seeing this, Gustav decides that she has changed for the better. On the Consul's birthday, Anna gives him a miniature chess set. A multiple sleigh ride in the snow is organised. Anna suddenly sees Lars-Erik in the same sleigh as Torsten. Panicking for the boy's safety, she gets Gustav to pursue them, confessing to the whole plot and how she now hates Torsten. When they reach the sleigh, Torsten won't stop so Anna takes out a gun and shoots him. They save the boy and Torsten's body slips into the falls. Anna stands trial for Torsten's murder, during which the whole story is made public. Gustav testifies under oath that he is in love with her. But the court is not fully satisfied that she killed in order to save the life of the boy. Anna reveals that she placed a suicide note confessing to the scheme inside the chess set that she gave to the Consul. His housekeeper, Emma Kristiansdotter, who resented the new governess, stole the note without reading it -- she assumed it to be a love letter and part of a scheme by Anna to seduce and marry the Consul for his money. While the judges adjourn to consider their verdict, Vera tries to reconcile with Gustav, but he has become aware of her numerous infidelities. He coaxes Anna into professing her love and he proposes marriage, after which the court attendant says that the judges are ready to give their decision, suggesting that Gustav might want to come along as well.