Louisiana newspaper reporter Jack Burden takes a personal interest in Willie Stark, an idealistic small-town lawyer. Circumstances develop that result in Stark's being urged to run for governor by a local political leader, Tiny Duffy. Jack has been raised around politics. He is the former lover of Anne Stanton, whose father was once governor. Jack was raised by Judge Irwin, his stepfather, an honorable man. In time, Jack and political strategist Sadie Burke reveal to Stark that he is actually a dupe in the governor's race, expected to split the vote, spout the party line and lose. This opens his eyes to the realities of politics, and he vows not to be fooled again. He defies Duffy publicly and begins to give speeches with straightforward talk that the public appreciates. He becomes governor in the next election, using any means necessary. Duffy now works for him as lieutenant governor. He also has a silent, menacing driver and bodyguard called Sugar Boy. Finally, he encourages Jack to come work for him as an adviser. Judge Irwin disapproves, seeing Stark as an opportunist. Anne Stanton seems to agree and so does her brother, Dr. Adam Stanton. Willie Stark is a persuasive man, however, and knows how to get his way. He has a pet project, building a new hospital, and convinces Dr. Stanton to run it for him. He also begins an affair with Anne Stanton, provoking Sadie's jealousy and Jack's disappointment. Criticized publicly by Judge Irwin and embroiled in increasing political controversy, Stark demands that Jack dig up dirt on the judge to be used against him. Jack insists that no such dirt exists, but he does manage to uncover the fact that many years ago, Judge Irwin accepted a bribe. Following this revelation, the judge commits suicide. Stark has now come to embrace various forms of corruption and uses patronage and intimidation to get his way. Dr. Stanton is told that the hospital is a front for the governor's own personal and political gain , and finds out about Stark's relationship with his sister. He lies in wait at the state capitol, and assassinates Stark, but is then shot and killed by Stark`s bodyguard.