Madrid, 1913. Manuel Sánchez, a widower with six children and an elderly father, struggles to support his large family with his meager salary as member of the Spanish army. His passion for gambling does not help his dire circumstances. Manuel's eldest daughter, Maria Luisa, works ironing in a factory. Father and daughter supplement their income skimming out money and jewelry from unsuspected men who they trap in a relationship with the daughter in order to demand money to repair her honor. Father and daughter also have an incestuous relationship that has been going on for years. While at the casino in the company of his father, Maria Luisa meets Rodrigo Garcia Jalón, a rich old widower. Jalón, who is also a gambler, is smitten by Maria Luisa and begins to entice the young man into a relationship with her. He offers to provide for her generously if she becomes his lover. Maria Luisa sees the possibility of a life of freedom away from the tight rule of her father. She gleefully accepts Jalón's attention. When Captain Sánchez realizes what going on between the widower and Maria Luisa, he convinces his daughter to trap Jalón in one of their skims and blackmail him for a large amount of money. Following that plan, Maria Luisa invites her paramour to her house pretending to be alone. Captain Sánchez is hiding, waiting to trap the unsuspected Jalón. All is happening according to plan, but when the captain overhears the sincere love confession of Jalón for his daughter asking to marry him, he becomes outraged. In a fit of jealousy, the Captain grasps an ax and savagely kills Jalón. The hit of the ax beheads the body. The captain throws the severed head into the fire and hides the mutilated body on the cellar behind a wall. Maria Luisa, meanwhile, cleans the crime scene. They gained little money from the crime, except for a ring Jalón was wearing and a token from the casino for a large amount of money. The disappearance of Jalón causes intrigue among the people who knew him, particularly at the casino, where it is a well-known fact that he has not claimed the money from his gambling wins. Not very wisely, Maria Luisa goes to the casino trying to cash out the token, which immediately makes her a suspect. When the police come to search her house, they find the mutilated body hidden behind a wall in the cellar. Father and daughter are arrested. Maria Luisa, who initially denied any knowledge of the crime, later recants her story implicating her father. She also accuses him of sexually abusing her for many years. They had two children together who died shortly after birth. Captain Sánchez also talks against her daughter proclaiming his innocent, but he says the dishonor his daughter has brought upon him is more than he can bear and ask for the death penalty. During the trial, lawyers of daughter and father blamed each other. The captain is condemned to death and Maria Luisa is sentenced to 30 years in jail. After Captain Sánchez is executed in an open field, Maria Luisa receives the rosary her father held up to the end. A voiceover informs viewers that she eventually lost her sanity and died in prison twelve years after her father.