In Spain, the vanished six year old daughter of the editor Claudia  and her husband Marc is found completely mutilated in a well by the police, being recognized by her husband only due to a bracelet and leg defect . The body contains marks of many needle insertions and burns from sulfuric acid, which appear to have been inflicted while the child was still alive. Five years later, Claudia is still unable to get over the death of her child and she is addicted to tranquiliizers. Inexplicably, the presumed dead daughter Angela calls her mother, saying that she is still alive and needs her help. After visiting a now-deserted clinic where she used to take her daughter , and finding strange pictures of angels there, Claudia calls a recently-retired cop, Massera , to investigate the matter. She also give him a boot she found on the site, believing it to have been left for her to find. Massera teams up with tabloid journalist Quiroga , a reporter for a magazine of parapsychology, after Quiroga receives in the mail a disturbing videotape which has Claudia's phone number written on the label. The tape shows what appears to be the murder or torture of a naked woman, and also footage of Claudia when she visited the derelict clinic. Visiting a theological expert at the university, the two begin to uncover a bizarre cult called The Nameless that is said to sacrifice children. The cult was led by a now-imprisoned man called Santini who believed in absolute evil, and created his cult which also links to Germany's Thule Society. A doctor who helped him was also arrested but was released for lack of evidence. To make matters worse, Claudia finds herself stalked by psychotic ex-boyfriend Toni, who simply radiates evil. Tony meets a strange man with a scarred eye in a bar . Meanwhile Claudia visits Massera because she is scared to stay at home. She learns his wife died the year before. They then go to visit the prison where Santini is held. Santini has a degenerative skin disease which is believed to be due to inoculations he was given as a prisoner in Dachau. Santini talks to Claudi cryptically but though he talks about the painful experience of having been placed in a cobalt capsule at the concentration camp, and how he has 'vermin' inside of him, Claudia plead with him to reveal Angela's whereabouts but he only tells her to think, and says that Angela is in the place 'where the whole thing began'.