Cristina Álvarez is a sweet young woman, loved by everyone at "El Platanal", a beautiful property whose owner is Severiano Alvarez, her father, who is a man of the field and of strong character. Diego Hernandez works there as a foreman. He is a strong and handsome-looking criollo who is in love with Cristina, and she, due to the love she also feels for Diego, gives herself to him. Later on, when Severiano finds out Cristina is in love with Diego and that they made love, he tries to kill her, but he spares Cristina when she tells him she is pregnant. Severiano banishes Cristina and Raquela, her servant, to Villahermosa, the Tabascan capital, to have the baby there. By the management of Federico Rivero, little Maria del Carmen comes back to the hacienda as Raquela's daughter. Years pass and Cristina, in order to be with her daughter, is forced to marry Federico,  an ambitious and cruel man. From then on, she acts as Maria del Carmen's "godmother". Federico provokes an accident which leaves Cristina blind, in order to have Cristina's fortune. Federico is happy about the arrival of his nephew Carlos Manuel to the hacienda. He is a young, handsome, and daring man who has recently completed his studies of medicine overseas. Carlos Manuel falls in love with Déborah Falcón, without knowing that she is the lover of his uncle. When Federico finds out about this relationship, he opposes it and separates Déborah from his nephew. Meanwhile, from the moment she meets Carlos Manuel, María del Carmen falls in love with him—the two end up together, provoking hate in Déborah, who, along with Federico, tries to separate the young couple. They achieve is the separation of the two lovers, but they aren't able to destroy the love that Maria del Carmen and Carlos Manuel feel for each other. Carlos Manuel finally has his teacher, friend, and specialist in ophthalmology review Cristina's case of blindness to see if he can operate on her. Dr. Angel Luis Robles secretly falls in love with Cristina and has a great interest in helping Cristina recover her sight again. The two form a very special friendship and love despite Cristina's marriage to Frederico. Until his untimely demise, Angel Luis does everything he can to keep Cristina safe, but, when Frederico finds out that Cristina and Dr.Robles are in love, Federico kills Dr.Robles and once again Cristina looses the love of her life. Federico, with the hopes of having Maria del Carmen in his possession at whatever cost, tries to abuse her, but Cristina does not allow it. In the end, Federico after being forced to flee Villahermosa, returns after some time to find Cristina. He pulls a gun on her and just as he tries to kill her, Raquela guns him down. Carlos Manuel and Maria del Carmen get married and finally have the peace that they need.