Widowed David  and his daughter Emily , with whom he shares a troubled relationship, move after Emily's mother, Allison , commits suicide. David meets local woman Elizabeth  and her niece, Amy, who is roughly the same age as Emily. Hoping to cultivate a new friendship for Emily, David sets up a play-date for her. The play-date is spoiled however when Emily cuts up the face of Amy's doll. Despite the unsuccessful play-date, David and Elizabeth hit it off, though Emily acts hostile towards her as well. When a family friend, Katherine , comes to visit David and Emily, Emily reveals Charlie, her imaginary friend. Elizabeth later visits, hoping to make peace with Emily. When Emily tells her that she is playing hide-and-seek with Charlie, Elizabeth indulges her by pretending to look for him. However, someone pushes Elizabeth out the window to her death. When David asks Emily who did it, she replies that Charlie did. David, armed with a knife, goes outside, where he meets his neighbor. He assumes his neighbor is Charlie and cuts him with the knife, after which the suspicious neighbor calls the police. Back in the house, David finds that, although he had seemingly been in his study many times, the boxes were actually never unpacked. David realizes that he has split personality and that Charlie is not imaginary at all: Charlie is David himself. Whenever it appeared David was in his study, Charlie was actually in control. David also realizes that under his Charlie personality, he killed his wife and made it appear to be a suicide. He also fully recalls the events of the party the night before his wife's death, where he had caught his wife cheating on him, which triggered David's personality disorder. David realizes that he is helpless and lets Charlie take over his body. As Charlie, he murders the local sheriff, and Emily calls Katherine for help. Katherine arrives and is attacked by Charlie. Emily manages to escape the house and run into the cave where she originally met Charlie. Katherine takes the gun from the dead sheriff and follows Charlie to the cave. Charlie pretends to be David and attacks Katherine. As he threatens Emily, Katherine shoots him just in time, finally killing him. Sometime later, Emily is preparing for school in her new life with Katherine. However, Emily's drawing of herself with Katherine has two heads, suggesting that she now also suffers from split personality.