American architect Robert Lomax is an aspiring artist who relocates to Hong Kong for a year to see if he can make a living as a painter. On the Star Ferry en route to Hong Kong Island, he meets Mee Ling, a seemingly proper young woman of lofty social status. She mischievously tries to have him arrested for stealing her purse, but the misunderstanding is resolved and they go their separate ways. With limited financial resources at his disposal, Robert looks for inexpensive rooming in the infamous Wan Chai district. By chance, he sees Mee Ling leaving a run-down hotel in the district, and he astounds proprietor Ah Tong by renting a room for a month rather than the usual hour or two. Robert quickly discovers the true nature of the establishment. In the bar next door, he is bemused to find Mee Ling again, this time dressed in a slinky red cheongsam and in the company of a sailor. This time, she calls herself Suzie Wong, and she unabashedly admits she really is a prostitute. The following day, Robert visits a banker to set up an account. The banker's secretary and daughter, Kay O'Neill, immediately is attracted to the newcomer. Robert asks Suzie to model for him. As they get better acquainted, he learns she was forced into her profession as a means of survival when she was ten years old. She begins falling in love with him, but he tries to dissuade her, although he finds her very appealing. Meanwhile, he also is pursued discreetly by Kay. At a dinner party she hosts, Robert meets Ben Marlowe, whom he recognizes as one of Suzie's clients, with his wife. Ben offers to make Suzie his mistress, and she accepts in order to make Robert jealous. When Ben reconciles with his wife, he asks Robert to break the news to Suzie. She is so hurt by the rejection that Robert finally admits he loves her. Initially, the two are very happy, but their relationship becomes strained. One day, Robert follows Suzie on one of her periodic disappearances. He finds her visiting the infant son she has kept hidden from him, and he accepts the child. When his paintings fail to sell, he finds himself facing financial difficulties, and both Kay and Suzie offer to give him money, but his pride will not let him accept. When Suzie pays his rent and offers to resume prostitution to help him, he drives her away in a fit of anger. Realizing his mistake, Robert searches for Suzie. When he finally finds her, he learns her baby has died in the annual flooding, and the two commit themselves to each other.