Estefania Sánchez, known as Fanny Pelopaja for her bleach blond hair, is a cold-blooded woman who has been recently released from jail after servicing a three year sentence. She has built up a new life for herself working in a gas station. However, she has been waiting all this time to take revenge from a corrupt and brutal police officer, Andrés Gallego. A phone call from one of her old life cronies informs her that Andrés is working in Barcelona as security guard for a car armed company. Without a doubt and in a hurry, Fanny leaves everything behind and take the road back to Barcelona. A flash back tells the story of Fanny and Andrés three years before. He caught her stealing in a department store in which he worked as an undercover security officer. Although, she paid for the stolen items and was let free without charges, Andrés, a corrupt policeman, pressed Fanny to have sex with him. A married man with a wife he despised and two teange children who do not pay attention to him in spite of his protestations, Andrés quickly became obsessed with Fanny and they met regularly in the same hotel room for casual sex. An unwilling love- hate relationship built up between them. Andrés willingly guided Fanny in a risky plan aim to help, Manuel, nickname the cat, Fanny's boyfriend, to escape from the hospital where he was recuperating after being injured in jail. Fanny smuggled a gun in the hospital room between her legs. With the gun in hand Fanny and Manuel managed to escape from the hospital, but they killed two policemen. They found refuge from the authorities in an abandoned house in the outskirts of the city. There, a dispute between Andrés and Manuel ended up when in a fit of jealousy the violent Andrés killed, Manuel shooting him in the head. Fanny, grieve stricken told Andrés how much she hated him. Trying to make her stop recriminating him Andrés brutally assaulted her knocking out her teeth. From then on she would have to wear dentures. Because of his violation of police regulations in his abusive treatment of Fanny, Andrés was thrown out of the police force and spent some time in a mental institution recuperating from a nervous breakdown and now he works as a guard for an armored car company. Back in Barcelona Fanny is reunited with her old friends: Julián and his girlfriend, La Nena, Manuel's sister. Their plan is to rob the armored car that Andrés is guarding. While Julián is interested only in the money, both Fanny and La Nena want to see Andrés death. Her plans work out, and she exacts revenge on Andrés, but does not kill him. A mistake, because he is soon back in full force against her and her companions. After brutally beaten Julián and threaten to rape La Nena with his gun, Julián reveals Fanny's whereabouts. She has been waiting for Andrés all along in the same hotel room where they used to get together in the past. When he arrives, she is ready for him. They aim each other with their guns but do not dare to shoot. When the police arrives they find them naked in bed. He is death stabbed in the back by her. Fanny is still alive, but in catatonic state from which she never recovers. Ultimately she is institutionalized in a mental asylum.