The movie opens above the high seas with a lightning storm is brewing and raging. A group of jolly pirates are sailing on their ship, and all of them are scared of the storm. Meanwhile, a brave captain warns his pirates to lower the sails. After that, the movie continues with Tom and Jerry travel aboard a pirate ship whose captain, Red Pirate Ron, is searching for the "Lost Treasure of the Spanish Mane." By chance, a wave carries the map to the treasure aboard. Tom hides the map, but is warned by the ghost of the Spanish Mane's captain, Don Diego de Clippershears, that if the map is not returned to the ocean by sunset a curse will begin. At one point, Tom and Jerry escape from a giant squid by using a cannon. The ship is then attacked by Ron's brother, Blue Pirate Bob. Bob's crew manages to steal the map, but Ron retrieves it and shoots down his brother's ship. The sun sets and the ghost appears as a crew of skeleton pirates. Ron's crew abandons ship, and their lifeboat lands on top of the giant squid that Tom and Jerry fought earlier. Angry at Tom for not warning him about the curse, Ron expects him to row all the way to the island where the treasure is buried. Tom, however, leaves Ron's men stranded and takes only himself and Jerry to the island. When they arrive, they meet Purple Pirate Paul, Ron and Bob's brother, who calls himself Barnacle Paul because he doesn't want be in the color scheme. He, too, is looking for the treasure, but is discouraged, having searched for over 40 years. Tom and Jerry are about to go on when Ron arrives and tells Paul that Tom has the map. Tom and Jerry run until they reach the entrance to the tomb of Don Diego. A stone chicken guards the tomb, but Tom and Jerry defeat it. After maneuvering through many traps and tests, they reach the cave that contains the treasure. Tom rushes inside and is shocked to see the same giant squid standing guard. When it recognizes Tom, it shrieks in fear, and a stalactite crushes it. Tom and Jerry retrieve the treasure. When Tom exits the tomb, Ron, Paul, and Bob begin to fight over the treasure. Jerry seizes this opportunity to sneak it away and onto Bob's ship, which has been fully repaired. Tom uses a palm tree to catapult himself onto the ship. Jerry is made captain of the ship while Tom is made to swab the deck. Meanwhile, Ron, Bob, Paul and their crews remain on the island, running from the stone chicken.