Having completed his latest tour of duty, which kept him overseas for nearly two years, middle-aged Sgt. Fred Cheaver has retired from military service and is returning home to his wife and son in suburban St. Louis. Pfc. Colee Dunn and Sgt. T.K. Poole each have a thirty-day leave, and both are headed to Las Vegas. Colee plans to visit the family of her boyfriend, a soldier who was killed in action after saving her life, and T.K. wants to engage the services of a sex surrogate he hopes will cure the impotence he is experiencing as the result of a shrapnel injury before he reunites with his girlfriend. Upon arrival at JFK, the three strangers discover all outbound flights have been cancelled due to a lengthy blackout that ended just prior to their arrival. Rather than face a potentially long wait before normal flight schedules resume, they rent a minivan and begin to drive westward. Upon arrival in St. Louis, Cheaver is thrilled to learn his son Scott has been accepted at Stanford University but stunned to learn his wife Pat wants a divorce. He decides to visit his brother in Salt Lake City but first drives Colee and T.K. to the airport so they can fly to Vegas. When they see how devastated Cheaver is, they fear his state of mind will put him at risk on the open road and decide to continue with him. As their journey progresses and they open themselves up to each other, the three gradually become closer and find themselves sharing unexpected adventures. At a revival meeting conducted by Pastor Jerry Nolan, a member of the congregation invites them to a birthday party in his palatial home, where they must endure anti-war sentiments expressed by the man's adult children and Cheaver is seduced by a guest who expects him to participate in a threesome with her and her husband Bob. Later, Colee and T.K. leave Cheaver at a campsite while they go in search of food, and while driving they are forced to flee an approaching tornado and take shelter in a drainage ditch. As they cling closely to each other, T.K. discovers he might not need the sex surrogate after all. Scott's scholarship will pay for only part of his tuition and he needs to pay the $20,000 balance immediately in order to secure his place at the university in the upcoming fall semester. Cheaver decides to bypass Salt Lake City and travel to Vegas to try his luck in the casinos. When Colee discovers that a guitar similar to the one she is returning to her boyfriend's parents recently sold at an online auction for $22,000, she is tempted to give it to Cheaver, but he encourages her to complete her mission. Colee is welcomed warmly by her boyfriend's parents, Tom and Jeanie Klinger, but quickly discovers that not only nothing he had told her about himself and his past was true, but he had omitted some important details as well. Neither of the Klingers recognize the guitar, supposedly a family heirloom, and living with them are Shannon and the baby she had after a one-night stand with their son. The Klingers invite Colee to spend the remainder of her leave with them. Disillusioned, she declines, but she asks if she can keep the guitar, and they readily agree. Colee, Cheaver, and T.K. are reunited at the local police station, where T.K. has been brought after confessing to a casino robbery Colee's boyfriend had claimed he committed before joining the army. T.K.'s plan to avoid returning to the Middle East by being sentenced to a prison term backfires when he learns the crime was yet another fabrication. Colee insists Cheaver take the guitar but he tells her he already has the $20,000 he needs. His friends are stunned he won the money so quickly, but Cheaver confesses he received it as a bonus for rejoining the Army. They go their separate ways, but three weeks later meet again at the airport as they prepare to return to battle.