Growing up in a poor working-class family, Laura  works hard to support her abusive father Ben . He supports his other daughter Peg  to marry a hard working man named Nick , to profit from his income. Laura disagrees, and feels that one should marry another out of love. Nevertheless, she rejects a marriage proposal from the boy-next-door to become romantically involved with William Brockton  a wealthy man many years her senior whom she met at a modeling job. She allows herself to be showered by expensive gifts and moves into his luxury apartment. Her newly found wealth does not come without any backlashes, though. Her mother Agnes , now an ill woman, refuses to see her daughter because she feels that Laura has changed for the worse. A visit to Peg, who is now married to Nick, is ended abruptly by Nick's demand that she leaves his house immediately. Even though she realizes that she has estranged from her family, she continues to stay with Brockton. Sometime later, while vacationing in Colorado, she meets and falls in love with young newsman Jack Madison ([[Robert Montgomery . After a short affair, Jack is stationed in Argentina for a period of time. Laura promises him that she will leave Brockton in the meanwhile. She breaks the news to Brockton, returns all of his gifts back, leaves his apartment,and takes a job at Macy's department store. Another night, Ben, brings Laura a visit to inform her that Agnes is terminally ill and in urgent need of an expensive stomach analyst. Laura is upset that she cannot provide her mother the financial support that she needs. She unsuccessfully asks one of her former colleagues Elfie St. Clair  for a loan. After Agnes dies, now destitute Laura returns to Brockton. He is only willing to take her back on condition that she informs Jack that she has reconciled with Brockton and will not see him any longer. She promises him that she will, until a phone call from Jack announcing his near return to New York throws her off. Desperate, Laura turns to Elfie for help, who advises her to leave Brockton and marry Jack. Her plans to elope with Jack are cut short when Brockton unexpectedly shows up. Brockton, noticing Laura's packed bags, informs Jack about what happened during his absence. Laura tries to explain the situation, but Jack is too angered and leaves. Heartbroken, she leaves Brockton and travels to her family home, where she watches her relatives having Christmas dinner from outside. Nick notices Laura, and invites her in, comforting her with the promise that Jack will take her back someday.