The son of a depressed but doting mother  and a father who is serving time for tax evasion, wealthy teenager Charlie Bartlett , - after being expelled from several private academies for various infractions - enrolls in a public school run by embittered alcoholic Principal Nathan Gardner . Unable to fit-in with most of his fellow students, Charlie forms an alliance with school bully Murphy Bivens  and offers him half the proceeds from the sale of a variety of prescription drugs Charlie obtains by feigning physical and emotional symptoms during sessions with different psychiatrists. Before long, his natural charm and likability positions him as the school's resident therapist, who offers advice within the confines of the boys' bathroom. Charlie's social life noticeably improves as he gains the confidence and admiration of the student body and begins to date the principal's rebellious daughter, Susan . Complications arise when seriously depressed Kip Crombwell  attempts suicide by swallowing a handful of anti-depressants provided by Charlie. Charlie befriends Kip after having an in-depth conversation with Principal Gardner. Charlie discovers Kip is writing a play about adolescent issues and pitches it to Gardner who is, at first, unsure but agrees when Kip says that it would make him happier with life. The students then have trouble with the student lounge; security cameras get installed, and they start a riot. One day, Charlie comes by Susan's house to pick her up for a date, and he gives her a pharmacy bag. Mr. Gardner comes out, thinking the bag is full of "inappropriate items", and pushes Charlie, who then punches Gardner as a reflex. He tries to apologize, but the principal is not forgiving. Susan and Charlie drive off, and the bag turns out to be nicotine gum, to help Susan to quit smoking cigarettes. That night, the students of the public school are all at the student lounge, when the cops arrive. They arrest Charlie for assault, Principal Gardner is fired, and the kids trash the lounge building. Charlie is released, and before the play he stops by Mr. Gardner's house to invite him. His study has been trashed, and Mr. Gardner is heavily intoxicated, and waving around a revolver. Mr. Gardner repeatedly fires the gun at the pool and in the air making Charlie scared. They get into a heated argument which causes Mr. Gardner to put the gun close to his head, making Charlie think that Mr. Gardner is attempting to commit suicide. Charlie intervenes by tackling Mr. Gardner. He wanted to push him into the pool but failed and fell over himself, hitting the diving board on the fall. Mr. Gardner, appearing sober, comes to his senses and dives in the pool to save Charlie and states that he was not attempting to commit suicide and that he had too many responsibilities to do so. They talk their problems over about Charlie's father and Susan, and then go to the play. Mr. Gardner becomes a history teacher, and Charlie is now able to visit his father. The film ends with Charlie applying for a summer internship at a psychiatric institute.