{{plot}} Donna Taylor is a young prostitute recruited by a criminal organization  to help blackmail their latest target, a politician. She agrees to carry out their plan of meeting him in his hotel room, drugging his drink, and having pictures taken of him while he is unconscious. She soon finds out the drug she administered was not a simple sedative as she had been told by Sandra and Erica, the two members of the Syndicate accompanying her, but a lethal poison. They threaten to kill Donna if she doesn't stay silent about the murder. After they depart to dispose of the body, Donna calls a friend, arranging to use the friend's place in Mexico to hide out. Unknown to her, the hotel room is being monitored by another member of the Syndicate, who passes this information along to the Syndicate. The next morning, Donna drives off toward the US-Mexico border, unaware Sandra and Erica know where she is going. Donna stops at a remote gas station to refuel, and is approached by a young, female hitchhiker who urgently needs a ride. Donna declines, and while she is away from the car, the hitchhiker jumps in and drives off. Sandra and Erica pull into the gas station, and ask the attendant if they'd seen a car matching Donna's description. He points them in the direction the hitchhiker left, they drive off immediately, before he can tell them it had been stolen. Donna recognizes them, and now realizes she is being hunted. Another customer, a young man named Chuck, has witnessed the series of events, and offers to give Donna a ride. Suspicious of his motives, she declines, instead accepting a ride from a seemingly more trustworthy old man named H.R. Stringham. However, Stringham abducts Donna, taking her back to his remote desert home where he demands Donna have sex with his mentally-impaired son, Ben. Donna reluctantly agrees, and the two go off to a secluded area, but as she begins to disrobe, it is evident the childlike Ben does not understand what to do. She sneaks back to the house, and steals his pickup truck. Meanwhile, the Syndicate girls overtake Donna's car, now driven by the hitchhiker, who explains that she stole the car at the gas station they had just passed. Angered that Donna has eluded them, they kill the girl and return to the station. The attendant updates the two on Donna's whereabouts, and gives them directions to Stringham's house. They pass Donna leaving in Stringham's pickup, but do not recognize her. Stringham's truck soon runs out of fuel, and while Donna is pondering her next move, a vehicle pulls up behind her. She arms herself with a pistol she finds in the glovebox, and waits. The driver turns out to be Chuck, who had been camping nearby when he noticed the stalled truck. He convinces her that the desert roads are impossible to navigate at night, and she decides to return to his camp until daybreak. Donna soon lets her guard down, and tells her story to Chuck. At first, he is apprehensive about getting involved, but eventually agrees to help her escape. They have sex. Sandra and Erica finally reach the old man's house, where he explains how Donna escaped. They decide to stay the night, and resume hunting Donna in the morning. Sandra becomes drunk, and playfully begins seducing, then mounting the dim-witted Ben. As he reaches an orgasm, she pulls out her pistol and shoots him in the head, laughing. His father hears the noise and comes in, horrified and aghast. Sandra shoots and kills him as well. The next morning, Donna and Chuck are driving down a desert road when Sandra and Erica pick up their trail and catch up to them. Chuck pulls over near an outcrop of hills, and provides cover fire while Donna tries to escape on foot. Chuck runs out of ammunition, but manages to ambush Erica and, during a brief struggle, shoot her, and take her gun. Donna is chased by Sandra and finally killed. Sandra is quickly picked up by a car driven by the Syndicate boss, just as Chuck arrives, and finds Donna's body. Bent on revenge, Chuck steals a dune buggy, chases them, and kills both Sandra and the driver.