When Fred wins the role of Scrooge in the play of A Christmas Carol at the Bedrock Community Theatre, he becomes so obsessed with rehearsing lines that he literally becomes greedy and unfriendly towards his family and friends. He doesn't hear Wilma tell him to pick up Pebbles from the cavecare center, and he forgets to kiss Pebbles goodbye when he drops her off. He also doesn't include Christmas shopping on his To-Do list. At work, Fred runs into the most beautiful girl in Bedrock, Maggie, who is playing Scrooge's love, Belle. It is also implied that Fred and Maggie have been having a relationship behind Wilma's back. Fred soon realizes that he forgot to buy his family Christmas gifts, so he runs out and buys them the first things he finds or sees. When the clock strikes 4:00, Fred hurries home for a snack, but not before giving a kid his number 86 tag and telling him to wait for him. On the way home, Fred is rehearsing his lines and driving at the same time, but he didn't see a red light that he had passed through. Fortunately, the cop that had pulled him over was Philo Quartz, another member of the community acting troupe, who lets him off with a warning. At the theatre, a furious Wilma tells Fred that he forgot to pick up Pebbles, but Fred can only think about the show. The start of the show goes smoothly, but Miss Feldspar, who plays the ghost of Christmas Past, gets sick with the flu called the Bedrock Bug and Wilma has to replace her. When Scrooge and Belle's love scene arrives, Fred is thrilled when he sees Maggie and will finally get to kiss her, but is disappointed, once he finds out that Maggie has gotten sick and Wilma had to take her place. Fred is surprised at how real Wilma's tears are during a major scene, and soon learns she refuses to speak to him for forgetting Pebbles. Fred soon starts living the play and realizes that Christmas isn't about greed, but about happiness and love. He soon apologizes to everyone he was rude to, including Wilma, who is still mad at him for his thoughtlessness, and everyone in Bedrock truly has a very merry Christmas. But then Fred gets sick however because of the Bedrock Bug. This is further complicated when Wilma assures him that he will recover just in time to attend his mother-in-law's Christmas dinner. Fred becomes a better man at the end.