Dark Smith  is an alienated, 18-year-old man struggling with daily life, fluctuating romantic status with his bisexual, polyamorous girlfriend Mel  and conflicting feelings for a shy gay classmate, Montgomery . The day starts off normally enough with Dark meeting up with his friends which include the intelligent Dingbat , Montgomery, Mel and her purple-haired, acid-tongued lesbian lover Lucifer  for breakfast at their local coffeehouse hangout, The Hole. Various mentions of a party at Jujyfruit's along with plans for a drug-fueled game of kick the can are made and the film segues into portions of the goings-on of the lives of the other characters in the film. As all of these plot lines develop, the story progresses towards the oft-mentioned party at Jujyfruit's house. A bacchanalian orgy of excess, drinking and drugs. Here the film descends from the innocuous and normal beginning with natural lighting and balanced visuals to very sureal, sharply contrasted and/or colored lighting, and seemingly hallucinatory visions and surrealistic visuals and events as well as chaotic and improbable happenings and reaches a chaotic finale where some of the issues come to a head. Dark and Mel argue about her desire to have an open relationship and Dark's desire for commitment. Zero and Zoe are ambushed by the Atari Gang on their way to Jujyfruit's house and their car, belonging to Zero's mother, is stolen while they are left helpless on the side of the road. Egg and Bart, separately watching the same televangelist , both decide the world is too messed up to live in and they commit suicide to reach heaven. Ducky receives word of his sister's death and attempts to drown himself in a swimming pool, but is saved by Dark and Dingbat. Bart's drug dealer Handjob is beaten to death by Elvis for selling them cut drugs, and Dark, covered in blood from his proximity to it, returns home, where Montgomery, who claims that he escaped from aliens that had abducted him during the game of kick the can, comes to Dark's window and asks if he can come in. The pair discuss their mutual attraction for one another and Montgomery asks Dark if he can spend the night. Dark agrees but makes Montgomery promise he will never leave him. They are seen in a momentary loving embrace before Montgomery begins uncontrollably coughing. As Dark shakes him to try to get him to stop, Montgomery explodes in a shower of flesh and blood and a cockroach-like alien who had apparently been using him as a host, turns to Dark and says, "I'm outta here," before crawling out the window, leaving Dark covered in blood and staring at the camera while the credits begin to roll.