The film begins during a thunderstorm in 1505 as Luther is returning to his home. For fear of losing his life in the storm, Luther commits his life to God and becomes a monk. In the next scene it is 1507 and Luther is a monk in Erfurt. During his time at the monastery, he is constantly troubled by viewing God as a God of hate and vengeance. Martin is encouraged by Johann von Staupitz, an older monk who is his supervisor and mentor. Staupitz tells Luther to look to Christ instead of himself. Later Luther delivers a letter for Staupitz to Rome where he becomes troubled by the wicked lifestyles of those in the city. He also views the skull believed to be that of John the Baptist and purchases an indulgence. It is during this time that Luther begins to question the veracity of indulgences. Returning to Germany, Luther begins to teach his congregation that God is not a God of hate, but a God of love. Luther begins to emphasize the love of God instead of his judgment. John Tetzel then comes close to Luther's town where he scares the people into buying indulgences.  In his church, Luther denounces the indulgences, calling them "just a piece of paper." He then posts 95 theses on the door of the church, calling for an open debate regarding the indulgences. For this act, Luther is called to Augsburg where he is questioned by the church officials. After his excommunication, Pope Leo X orders Luther to be delivered to Rome, but Frederick the Wise of Saxony protects him. Frederick and Charles V, Holy Roman Emperor decide that Luther will be tried at Worms. After his trial at Worms, Luther is forced into hiding with Frederick the Wise, while his former professor, Andreas Karlstadt, encourages the peasants to revolt against the oppressive nobles. Luther, shocked by the revolts, encourages the princes to put down the rebellion. Meanwhile, Luther translates the Bible into German. After Luther marries Katharina von Bora, Charles V summons the electors of the Holy Roman Empire to Augsburg so he can force them to outlaw Protestantism and the German Bible. The nobles refuse and Charles is forced to allow the nobles to read their confession of faith. The film ends with the following words:  What happened at Augsburg pushed open the door of religious freedom. Martin Luther lived for another 16 years, preaching and teaching the Word. He and Katharina von Bora enjoyed a happy marriage and six children. Luther's influence extended into economics, politics, education and music, and his translation of the Bible became a foundation stone of the German language. Today over 540 million people worship in churches inspired by his Reformation.