{{Plot|date"color:black; background:yellow"helicopter/span{{fact}} . He dives after an unsuspecting Jerry, and when Jerry spots him, Tom chases him into a vent pipe. However, Tom is squeezed through the hole in his board and bounces around through the pipe. Tom crawls through successively shorter widths of pipe in order to reach the mouse, and when the chase exits the plumbing, Tom is compressed into a cylinder with legs barely a centimeter wide. When the cat realizes this, he takes a deep breath and uncompresses himself. Tom grabs a large hose and dashes after the mouse. Jerry has opened the crate of cheese and is munching away at it when Tom thrusts the hose in his face. Jerry braces for the deluge, but when Tom opens the hose, nothing comes out because it is not turned on. Tom rattles the hose cluelessly and Jerry turns it on. The stream of water and the hose blast the cat around randomly until the hose forms a rocket and Tom blasts off into the stratosphere. An astronaut doing a spacewalk from the Gemini spacecraft waves at him. Tom then points the hose upward, and then soon sees he's about to fall. He then stops the water flow, but this causes the hose to inflate to a gigantic size. Tom grins innocently and then the hose bursts. The cat falls to the water down below. Tom panics, and then soon sees a lifesaver ring. Tom coasts down, confident he will be saved; however, this was an elaborate trap set up by Jerry, who threw out the ring. Jerry whistles and the shark pops out, confused, but then sees the cat and swallows him. Soon, however, the shark luckily cannot stomach the cat, and spits him out, as misfortune would have it, into the ship's furnace. Tom cries out in pain as he runs out of the furnace: his tail is on fire. Tom knows that the shark is waiting for him in the water, but as the fire on his tail grows larger, Tom has no alternative. The shark chases him through the water and out of sight. Jerry takes his place as the "guard" of the ship. He blows a whistle, salutes the captain, and then does a jig.