Since the beginning of time, heaven and hell have fought over purgatory and the souls trapped inside it. Each side has sent seven warriors: archangels from heaven, fallen angels from hell. They must assume human form to enter purgatory. Hell has attained control, transforming purgatory into a dark, seedy city. The last archangel, Gabriel , endeavours to discover what has become of his comrades and to restore the Light. Upon entering purgatory, Gabriel first visits the archangel Michael's apartment, finding it abandoned. Meanwhile, four of the seven Fallen—Sammael , Asmodeus , Balan , and Baliel—gather and Sammael kills an insubordinate Baliel, so reducing the Fallen's number from seven to six. While walking through the city, Gabriel receives a vision about the whereabouts of his comrade Uriel . However, the leader of the Fallen, Sammael, senses Gabriel’s presence and sends the Fallen Molloch  to kill him. Gabriel fights and kills Molloch, then proceeds to the city's outskirts. He finds a dishevelled and alcoholic Uriel hiding in a rundown bus. After mortally wounding, then convincing Uriel to heal himself, Uriel explains to Gabriel that the Fallen can sense Archangels when they use their powers, and teaches Gabriel to conceal his bright blue angel eyes. He also reluctantly tells Gabriel what happened to some of the other five Archangels: Remiel was killed before Uriel arrived; and Amitiel , who now calls herself Jade, was defeated by Sammael, stripped of her wings, and forced to work as a prostitute; the whereabouts of Ithuriel , Raphael , and Michael are uncertain, but Raphael is most likely hiding in the East Side of the city and it is thought that Sammael has killed Michael. Uriel also explains that due to the nature of the evil and darkness that controls purgatory that Gabriel will be cut off from the "source". He reveals to Gabriel that this is what eventually led to the downfall of the Archangels sent before him. Cut off from their power the Archangels were eventually worn down and fell prey to the Fallen who thrive and become stronger the longer they stay in Purgatory. The Archangels have all assumed human form and have become subject to human desires and feelings which weakens them. Uriel and Amitiel are direct examples of how far the Archangels can truly fall. Uriel warns Gabriel that if they die in purgatory their souls will die too, they completely vanish. Gabriel travels back to the city, and finds the brothel where Amitiel works. He also encounters Asmodeus, the Fallen who runs the brothel. Gabriel rescues Amitiel and kills the Fallen Balan who tries to rape her. He then heals her of the drugs she has been taking to dull the pain of her job. Amitiel takes Gabriel to the soup kitchen where the Archangel Ithuriel hides. Initially angry at Ithuriel for abandoning his mission of seeking out and detroying the Fallen, Gabriel eventually shows him compassion and understanding. Ithuriel takes Gabriel to the abandoned tunnels beneath the soup kitchen where the gravely wounded Raphael dwells. Gabriel heals Raphael, expending much of his strength. After rebuking Gabriel, Raphael explains that Sammael draws his immense power from the other Fallen. Gabriel proposes to take out the remaining Fallen one by one, before finally facing Sammael. Raphael is unconvinced, as Sammael has already killed the stronger angel Michael. Gabriel fights and kills the Fallen Ahriman , then returns to Michael's apartment where he sketches a picture of Amitiel. At the same time Gabriel begins his campaign against the Fallen, the Fallen Lilith  kills Uriel, Asmodeus kills Ithuriel, and Sammael kills Raphael. Driven mad by anger, Gabriel’s eyes turn bright brown, the colour of the Fallen. He returns to the brothel and viciously scars, then kills Asmodeus. Gabriel halts his own imminent fall when he heals and restores a young female who was slowly having her life force and youthful vitality extracted by the Fallen Asmodeus, returning her to her normal appearance and essence. Shocked by his near fall, Gabriel returns to Amitiel. Amitiel comforts Gabriel and they make love, healing both which sends perceptible waves of discomfort to the Fallen. Gabriel then travels to a nightclub and kills Lilith, injecting her with several full vials of Ahriman's drugs. Gabriel chases Sammael to the nightclub’s rooftop. Sammael refuses to fight Gabriel, instead asking him to listen to what he has to say. He explains how he despises being an angel, a being created entirely to serve others. He sees purgatory as a chance to take control of his own destiny and lets Gabriel know that it was him all along keeping Gabriel protected and alive in a city amongst all the Fallen, and asks Gabriel to join him. Refusing his offer, Gabriel unwittingly realises that Sammael is actually the Archangel Michael, his closest friend. The two Archangels fight, but because Gabriel has used up so much of his strength helping the other Archangels, Michael has the advantage. Michael ultimately impales Gabriel’s chest with a metal pipe. Gabriel admits that during his time as a human he has felt rage and anger, but he has also experienced things that Michael hasn’t. An impaled Gabriel embraces Michael, which drives the metal pipe through Michael’s chest also, and tells Michael that he forgives him. Both Archangels collapse. Michael uses the last of his strength to heal Gabriel’s wound, then dies. Light returns to purgatory. Kneeling in front of Michael's dead body, Gabriel shouts up at God asking "Is It This That You Wanted?, Is It This You Wanted?". The healed Gabriel moves to the edge of the rooftop, and muses that he needs to understand why all this happened. He outstretches his arms, and lets himself fall. His final words are, "Forgive me... I hope I see you again..." A post-credits scene shows Gabriel, , joining Amitiel and smiling.