Dr. R.J.  Stevens  is a talk show sensation who has shirked his simple Southern past and the awkward boy he used to be to dispense "You can do it" advice to millions of adoring fans. With reality TV series Survivor winner Bianca Kittles  on his arm and loads of cash in his pocket , there’s nothing he feels he hasn’t achieved. When his parents request that he come home for their 50th wedding anniversary, R.J. packs up his 10-year-old son Jamal  and his fiancée Bianca and heads back to his sleepy Southern hometown. Ready to impress his down home kin with how much he’s changed, RJ will prove he’s not the walking disaster they used to pick on. When they arrive in Georgia, he is first greeted by his cousin Reggie . Roscoe heads to his family's home, greeted by his parents, Roscoe Sr. and Mama Jenkins, his brother Otis , the sheriff, his wife Ruthie  and their overgrown kids Junior and Kelly. Next up is Roscoe's sister, Betty , who is a little too loud and rowdy. Roscoe's cousin, Clyde , visits the family as well, and the two remain competitive as they did years before. Traveling with Clyde is Lucinda , Roscoe's love interest from his past. While staying with his family, Roscoe endures a lot of self-humiliation . On the day of his parent's anniversary, the whole family gathers for the traditional obstacle course of the Jenkins family. Roscoe is determined to win against Clyde, and the two become even more competitive. While climbing over a wall with ropes, Roscoe begins to help his son over, but Bianca tells him to leave him, and he does . Roscoe and Clyde race to the finish line, and Roscoe comes out the victor. Bianca cheers for him, but the rest of his family has become very upset with him. Jamal refuses to go near his father, and Roscoe Sr. chastises his son for his actions. Roscoe tells his father that even though Clyde's father died, he  felt he lost his father as well, because he felt that his father favored Clyde over him. This hurts his father's feelings. As his father walks away, Clyde walks up to Roscoe and tells him that he would never have tried to take his place. He tries to shake Roscoe's hand to make amends, but Bianca tells Clyde to back off. Roscoe decides to leave for home. Before leaving, his mother reminds him that his family still loves him. As they are driving to the airport, Bianca suggests to him that he shouldn't invite his family to their wedding, to which he seemingly agrees. This upsets Jamal, who, despite that Bianca wanting him to get on board "Team of me", proudly says that he's a Jenkins. Roscoe begins to agree with Bianca, who continues to say mean things about his family. As they pull into the airport, Roscoe dumps Bianca ,and thanks her for finally letting him see her true colors. Bianca angrily gets out of the car, feeling humiliated by Roscoe and Jamal. As they pull away from the airport, he pulls the rope holding her bags on top of the car, dumping them into the airport driveway. Roscoe and Jamal, along with Bianca's pet Pomeranian who turned against her owner and joined the Jenkins, head back to the family home. During the anniversary celebration, Clyde cries during his speech for Mama and Papa Jenkins, admitting that he cared a lot about Roscoe. Roscoe suddenly appears, apologizes to his family, and congratulates his parents' 50th anniversary. Both he and his father make amends with each other, and then Roscoe goes over to Lucinda and asks her for a dance. After the celebration, the family watches the anniversary on a hi-def television, while Roscoe and Lucinda make love with each other,but find a nasty surprise. During the credits, Roscoe is seen interviewing his family on his show, renamed The Roscoe Jenkins Show interviewing the Jenkins clan.