Jai Puri  is a forest ranger in the woods near Alberta, Canada. Jai lives in a cabin with his girlfriend Sheila, but has been estranged from his parents, Jatin and Savitri Puri. Jatin is the CEO of a privately held Canadian oil company, Canoil. Jai has a supernatural gift: he is able to enter a photograph and vividly experience the events preceding the time of the photograph. Jai is unable to understand or explain this gift, except to recall that it started when he was very young. He tries to use this gift to help people, despite the risks to his own body. He can remain in photographs only for a minute, and experiences life-threatening, stroke-like effects afterward. Jai's father drowns in a boating accident under mysterious circumstances. Jatin was aboard his own boat, the Golmaal, and was surrounded by his wife; his brother, Sunder; longtime friend and lawyer Anil; and Adit, Jatin's surrogate son. Eccentric former cop Hapibulla "Happi" Pasha, who suffers from OCD, believes Jatin may have been murdered, and that everyone on the boat at that time may have had a motive. The only clue is an 8x10 photograph of the four men, which Savitri shot a few moments before Jatin fell off the boat and had a hypothermia-induced heart attack. Jai repeatedly uses his gift to enter the photo and experience the incident through the eyes of the four subjects in it. He picks up various clues from the viewpoint of the subject. Happi follows up on these clues and tries to string together a theory. But Jai feels his body gradually weakening from the stress of entering the photo. Sunder is found hanged, an apparent suicide, and a mysterious party in a black SUV tries to kill Jai and Sheila. Later, someone makes an attempt on Savitri's life. Happi enlists the help of a nurse, Sally, who helps with medical aide to Jai in order to help him find the killer. Jai enters the photo one last time to find the final set of clues, and is set upon by his now-grown twin, Jeet who had been presumed dead but had survived the fall from the cliff to live a hellish and abusive childhood. During a tussle, Happi arrives at Jai's cabin and tries to help, but Sheila kills him with an axe. Jeet and Sheila dump Happi's body, as well as that of their betrayed confederate Adit, into the sea, and attempt to do the same with Jai. Jai escapes, and attempts to reconcile with his long-lost brother. Touched, Jeet kills Sheila as she fires on Jai, but her shot kills Jeet. At the end, Jai moves in with his mother.