Tommy Chong plays Anthony 'Man' Stoner,Chong's character name is used only once. It is during the scene in which his father  berates him, and his mother  calls him "Anthony". a jobless, marijuana-smoking drummer who is told to either get a job by sundown or be sent off to military school by his parents. Anthony leaves the house in a Volkswagen Beetle convertible , a car which is subsequently left smoking on the side of the road. Anthony is picked up while hitchhiking by the equally enthusiastic smoker Pedro de Pacas . The license plate reads MUF DVR . They share a large joint, which Chong's character says is made with "mostly Maui wowie" and "Labrador" . Police find their car parked on a traffic median with them in it, discover that they are clearly high and arrest them. At trial, the pair are released on a technicality after the judge's water pitcher is discovered to be containing vodka. In an attempt to procure marijuana, they visit Pedro's cousin Strawberry , a Vietnam War veteran. They narrowly escape a police raid on Strawberry's house while Strawberry has a flashback and thinks the police are the Viet Cong, but are soon deported to Tijuana, by the INS , along with Pedro's relatives, who actually called the INS on themselves, so they could get a free ride to a wedding in Tijuana. In order to get back to the United States they arrange to pick up a vehicle from Pedro's uncle's upholstery shop, but arrive at the wrong address, a disguised marijuana warehouse. They end up unknowingly involved in a plot to smuggle a van constructed completely out of "fiberweed"  from Mexico to Los Angeles, with an inept police narcotics unit, led by the overly zealous Sgt. Stedenko  hot on their heels. Along the way, Pedro and Anthony pick up two women, who convince them to perform at a Battle of the Bands contest. Pedro and Man tell the women they need marijuana; the women convince them to see Gloria—a police dispatcher who sells drugs being held as evidence. Gloria informs the women she can't sell them any drugs as the police destroyed the evidence they were holding, but there should be some in stock soon as the police were searching all over town for a huge stash—which the police do not realize is currently sitting in the police station parking lot. They narrowly avoid arrest, at one point, after being pulled over by a police motorcyclist, but the officer gets high from the burning "fiberweed" emanating from the van's tailpipe, and lets them go after asking for a hot dog one of them was eating. The film concludes with the duo's band, Ay Les Voy , winning the contest, and a recording contract, with a performance of their song, Earache My Eye. They win after everyone, including the cops, get stoned due to a large amount of marijuana smoke from the burning van being funneled into the venue.