{{Plot}} The cartoon starting scene starts outside of the house and then goes to Tom, who was taking a nap but was woken up by Jerry. Tom peeks through the mouse hole to see what the noise was and sees Jerry smacking a punching bag that looks like a cat. After Jerry finishes with the punching bag, his spiritual mentor appears and asks him if he's ready to take on the cat, which is Tom. Jerry nods yes. After Jerry walks out of his mouse hole he sees Tom at the end of a hallway and becomes afraid of him, until Tom starts to mock Jerry. He then laughs at the thought of Jerry defeating him. Jerry then decides to go and fight Tom until Tom pulls out a flyswatter and hits Jerry with it a couple of times. After the beating, Tom then slingshots Jerry with the flyswatter back into his mouse hole where he runs into one of his walls. Jerry's spiritual mentor appears again and gives Jerry a gong to ring that summons a "Karate Guard" named Momo-sumo  to aid him whenever he needs help. The short deals with Tom's attempts to catch Jerry. He does not know about Spike at first. As soon as Jerry rings the gong, Spike sticks out his arm and Tom yelps and spins. He is then tied to a lawnmower and is launched into a garbage can. Tom moans in pain from hitting the garbage truck wall. The garbage truck door then closes and Tom screams in pain. The next scene Jerry is eating cheese and Tom tries again. He grabs Jerry. Jerry struggles to free his hands. Spike comes and chops his backside. Tom yelps quickly and puts Jerry back, and falls to the ground. Then Tom puts pillow-like earmuffs on Spike. Tom dings to show Jerry that his guard can't hear his gong. Tom dings the gong close to Spike's ear. He wakes and shoots Tom into the air. Tom yells in fear and claws the roof he landed on for dear life. it doesn't work and he is teetering on the gutter's edge. Tom does a quick salute and falls. Then Tom takes a giant leap and land on the roof. Tom, who was shaking in fear heaves a sigh of relief. Jerry does everything he can to anger Tom. It works and the chase is off again. They chase into a toy store where Jerry hides in an airplane. Jerry turns it on and scalps Tom's head and then shaves Tom's body. As soon as Tom's fur comes back the chase stars again. He gets an airplane and is shredding Jerry's. Tom raises his eyebrows as if to say "I got him now and nothing can stop me!" Jerry gongs for Spike and Tom hits Spike's chest, causing him  to disintegrate. Spike sweeps him up and throws him in a trash can. A panicked Tom calls an exterminator, Butch, along with three more cats to remove Spike from the household. They do nothing more than fire paint-balls at Spike, who is thrown by the force into the swimming pool; Tom then breaks out laughing. However, Spike then grabs Tom and squashes him into a bowling ball which he uses to, literally, strike the cats out of the garden. In the final scene, Jerry and Spike are watching Kids' WB TV  and eating popcorn, leading to Spike eating the whole popcorn and making Jerry ring the gong, but instead of a man, there is Tom, who arrives to bring more popcorn to Jerry and Spike and to kiss Spike's feet, which Spike approves of, then Jerry dives into the popcorn and munches it happily, and finally the credits say In memory of Joseph Barbera.