 Shinji Ikari is sent for by his estranged father, Gendo at the beginning of the film. As he wanders around the town, which has been shut down over an emergency announcement, he is caught in the crossfire between the U.N. army and the fourth Angel. Rescued by Lt. Colonel Misato Katsuragi, Shinji is brought to Tokyo-3 and NERV headquarters, where he is pressured by Gendo, NERV's Supreme Commander, into piloting the Evangelion Unit-01 against the Angel because the other Evangelion pilot, the mysterious Rei Ayanami, is too injured to do so. After the initial fight, Shinji is taken in by Misato as her new housemate and enrolled in high school. The film portrays Shinji's attempts to "settle in" with his newfound life alongside Misato, Rei, and the other characters while continuing to defend Tokyo-3 and the world from the coming Angels. The fifth Angel arrives and paralyzes Shinji with fear, who is slammed at a mountainside and nearly crushes two of his classmates, Toji Suzuhara and Kensuke Aida, who had snuck out of the shelters to get a view of the action. Misato has Toji and Kensuke take cover in Unit 01's entry plug before ordering Shinji to retreat, but he disobeys and destroys the fifth Angel with Unit 01's Progressive Knife. Misato later reprimands Shinji for disobeying her. At the film's climax, the sixth Angel appears and tries to drill into NERV headquarters. To motivate the despondent Shinji, Misato takes him down to the deepest level of the base and shows him a giant white entity crucified to a giant cross-like restraint: the second Angel, Lilith. Misato explains that reaching this area is the goal of the Angels and that any contact between them and Lilith would bring about the Third Impact and the end of all life on Earth. With this information and encouragement from his new friends in school, Shinji, piloting Unit 01, and Rei, piloting Unit-00, manage to destroy the Angel by sniping it using an experimental positron rifle, which requires the entire electrical power output of Japan to function. Rei is nearly killed defending Shinji in the battle, who is able to save her by dunking the damaged Unit 00 into water to cool it off and pry her entry plug out of the Eva using Unit 01's Progressive knife. Shinji and the normally cold Rei share an emotional moment and Rei eventually shares a warm smile with him. The final scene opens on the surface of the Moon, with what appears to be blood splashed across a large, narrow swath of it. Nine coffin-like containers are arranged in a line on the surface, five of which are open. Kaworu Nagisa awakens and rises from the fifth open container. In front of him is an unidentified white giant, in a pit surrounded by construction equipment and scaffolding, wearing a purple Seele mask. A black, horizontal, rectangular monolith appears before Kaworu, through which Seele 01 engages in a brief, cryptic conversation with Kaworu, who says that "the third one" hasn't changed at all and that he looks forward to meeting Shinji.