The survivors of previous Battles Royale, led by Shuya Nanahara, have formed a rebel group called the "Wild Seven". A class of teenagers from {{nihongo}} are kidnapped by the Japanese government. Instead of stereotypically studious Japanese students, these ninth graders are “a ragtag collection of delinquents and losers from all over Japan,” including tough-guy rugby players and punks with dyed hair. More importantly, many are orphans whose parents or family died in bombings by the Wild Seven. After their school bus is diverted to an army base, the students are herded into a cage, surrounded by armed guards, and confronted by their schoolteacher, Riki Takeuchi, who lays down the ground rules of the new Battle Royale game. Wild Seven is hiding out on a deserted island , and instead of being forced to kill each other, as in the old Battle Royale, the students are sent off to war and ordered to attack the terrorist group’s hideout en masse and kill Shuya within 72 hours. Most of the students are not interested in being forced to avenge their families, but are coerced to fight through exploding metal collars, which their captors can detonate by remote control. The teacher shows them a line in the caged class room: those who wish to participate are instructed to cross the line, while those who don't will be killed. The students are put into 'pairs'; if one student dies, then his or her partner will be killed via collar detonation . The students are sent via boats onto the dangerous island base of the Wild Seven, and a number of them are killed when they were bombed, shot or their collar detonated during the journey onto the island, leaving only a cluster alive. Most notably, two of the survivors are the main protagonist Takuma Aoi, and Shiori Kitano, the daughter of Kitano, the "teacher" from the first film who died after being shot by Shuya. Taken into the Wild Seven's base, the surviving students' explosive collars are removed and they are encouraged to help the members of the Wild Seven stop the Battle Royale for good. While most of the survivors agree, Takuma and in particular Shiori remain unconvinced. Shuya sends a video message to the world of their goal to live free. In response to the video and pressure from the U.S. government, the Japanese prime minister takes command of the military present at the Battle Royale headquarters and orders an attack on the island base, with no survivors allowed. Takeuchi is enraged, and is discovered to have the same type of collar on his neck as the students. On Christmas Day, the war between the Wild Seven and the military occurs, with numerous casualties on both sides. Survivors of the base retreat to the mainland via a mine shaft, leaving Shuya, Takuma and Shiori as the only remaining fighters. Takeuchi appears in a rugby uniform, and after a brief and personal exchange, Takeuchi allows the group to flee as he sacrifices himself. Shiori is shot and dies in Shuya's arms, seemingly forgiving him for his past crimes. Shuya and Takuma run out to kill the rest of the soldiers. Several months later, Shuya and Takuma rejoin the other survivors, including Noriko Nakagawa, in what appears to be Pakistan or Afghanistan. They have regrouped as friends, and what lies next for them remains open.