Karan  is a 13 year old orphan boy who lives in a dilapidated orphanage owned by a stern, uncouth warden, John "Hitler" Kakkad . Karan has two dreams: one is to have parents and the other is to be a big cricketer. His inspiration is Kapil Dev since he has been brought up on the motivating stories of India's '83 World Cup win by the orphanage caretaker, Bholu Dada  who is a loving and a gentle old man. Karan's best buddy in the orphanage is Daboo  who often lends his gentle ears to the aspirations which Karan lives on. His dreams take a turn when one day, he lays his hands on an old cricket bat which Karan is convinced is the bat that Kapil Dev used to win the '83 World Cup; for him, the bat becomes a magic bat. One day by a stroke of luck, the coach of the Indian cricket team spots Karan and is highly impressed by his batting skill. This happens at a time when the Indian cricket team is going through a rough patch. Karan and his magical bat are inducted into the Indian cricket team as the opening batsman along with the captain, Varun . When the little boy marches onto the pitch and wins the match for India Karan soon becomes the nation's heartthrob. Although he was formerly rejected by adopting couples, he is now the most sought after kid in the country. However, Raghav  the orphanage bully hates him and feels that if Karan did not have the magic bat he would have never made it to the cricket team. Raghav now wants the magic bat at any cost. Karan and Varun develop a strong emotional bond deeper than fellow cricketers. Karan has no parents and Varun has parents, but is estranged with his father and does not want to accept him. Karan strongly believes that parents are the best gift endowed by God and succeeds in uniting Varun with his father. At the final 5th one day match between India and Pakistan, events spiral out of control and Karan's magic bat is destroyed by Raghav. Karan is a nervous wreck, but Varun makes him realize that faith in oneself counts beyond anything else. With Karan's help, India wins the match. Karan decides to stop playing for now and rejoin the team when he is older. Varun and his girlfriend decide to adopt Karan.