On John Conroy's property, the 2-year-old colts and fillies are mustered and brought to the homestead for horse breaking. Two of the colts are of very good stock, especially the beautiful and spirited colt from the famous racehorse "Regret" (John Conroy says that the colt is worth a thousand pounds  and that he wants the colt to eventually be the [[stud . Jim Ryan arrives at John Conroy's property following the death of his father. When he and Conroy's daughter, Kate, see each other, it is love at first sight for them both. Jim, however, finds resentment at his presence at the station, both from John Conroy, the owner of the property, and the station's stockmen and station hands, with Dan Mulligan , disdainfully commenting "We don't want any swagmen here". Saltbush and McGinness McGee also make disparaging remarks about Jim Ryan's horse, with Saltbush sarcastically asking Jim if he bought his horse from a Mark Foys catalogue, and McGinness McGee commenting that it was more likely that the horse had been saved from a glue factory. John Conroy also comments that they have enough men working on the property already. Kate pleads with her father to give Jim a job at the property, and he finally relents, saying that Jim can help break the horses. John Conroy resents it when Jim Ryan says that he knows of a better way to break horses than the horse-breaking method being used at the property. However, John Conroy says that Jim could prove his expertise in horse breaking by breaking the colt from "Regret". During the night, the Brumby herd gallops close to the homestead, and the colt from "Regret" breaks free from his tethers and joins them. John Conroy is furious at the loss of his prized colt, and unfairly blames Jim for what has occurred. Conroy decides to get all the crack riders  from the stations near and far to come to the property and hunt for the Brumbies, offering a reward of £1000, and angrily orders Jim to leave the property first thing in the morning. The crack riders gather at the homestead the following morning, including "Harrison" who won his fortune when "Pardon" won the cup, , and "Clancy of the Overflow" . Jim shyly turns up to join in the ride to hunt for the colt and Brumbies, but finds that, apart from his friend, Clancy, he is not wanted by anyone on the ride. Clancy convinces the others that, as both Jim and his horse were mountain-reared, they would be of great help in the ride. The Brumbies are too quick for the riders and, when it becomes too steep and dangerous with Wombat holes , all riders stop short of the dangerous descent — apart from Jim, who continues to chase the Brumby herd - finally bringing the herd  back to John Conroy's property. John Conroy is delighted to have his colt back again, and gives his approval to Jim marrying Kate. A concert and country dance are then held in celebration and recognition of Jim's deed, as well as a superb equestrian pageant, and all ends happily.