People with psychic abilities have been involved with the United States government since 1945. Two "Movers", Nick and his father, are running from the "Division". Nick's father tells him of a vision he received from a "Watcher"; a girl will give him a flower and he must help her in order to help all the people with powers. Nick's father hides him as Agent Carver of the Division arrives. Nick's father is killed. Ten years later, the American Division tests a power boosting drug on a "Pusher"  named Kira. Rendering the doctor unconscious, Kira steals his security clearance card and an augmentation drug-filled syringe before escaping. In Hong Kong, Nick is hiding as an expatriate. A young girl, Cassie, arrives at Nick's apartment, explaining that she is a Watcher and that they are going to find a case containing six million dollars. Following Cassie's predictions, they go to a nightclub. Nick sees an old friend, Hook, who is a "Shifter". He tells them to go to Emily, a "Sniff" who can help them find Kira. Nick and Cassie find Kira, who had a romantic relationship with Nick. They recruit a "Shadow" named Pinky to hide Kira from the Sniffs. Cassie finds a key in her shoe to a locker in which Kira hid a case. With the aid of Cassie's visions, they piece together the events that led them to meet; Cassie's mother used her visions to set a complex plan in motion that will destroy the Division. Nick devises a plan that involves seven envelopes in which he places instructions; each person in the group is entrusted with one envelope. Nick uses a "Wiper" to erase his memories of the plan. Hook retrieves the case, which has the syringe Kira stole, and brings it to Cassie. Hook shifts another case to match the case with the syringe. Cassie takes the shifted case to Nick's apartment and waits. Nick regains consciousness: he has no memory of the envelopes or his plan. He opens his envelope, which tells him to return home. He finds the case in his room but Carver introduces himself to Kira as a friend, stating that her memories are false; she is a Division agent who volunteered to take the augmentation injection and suffered amnesia. Carver shows Kira her badge. Before saying goodbye, Nick assures a worried Cassie that she will survive and everything is going to be fine. She leaves as the Hong Kong watcher tracks her to finally kill her. At the last moment, the Wiper appears and erases her memory, saving Cassie. Nick goes to retrieve the augmentation drug and confronts Carver and Kira. Carver tells Kira and Nick that their relationship never happened; it was a "push" memory. Kira reveals she has been using Nick and Nick takes the three to the building that contains the lockers and the case. Carver locks Nick in his car's trunk and goes to retrieve the case. They are ambushed by the Triads. In the midst of the fight, Nick is released. He goes to find Kira and is confronted by Victor, another Mover and a Division agent who works for Carver. During the fight between Nick and Victor, two of the Bleeders kill Victor. Nick grabs the case and jams the syringe into his arm, apparently killing himself. After the fight ends and Carver leaves with Kira, Nick wakes up. Cassie appears, and retrieves the true case, revealing that Nick injected himself with soy sauce, as they planned. Asked whether they will see Kira again, Cassie tells Nick that they will see "Miss Trouble soon enough". Flying back to America with a sleeping Carver, Kira opens her purse and finds her envelope. She remembers Nick telling her to open it when "she started doubting the truth" and opens it. She finds a photograph of herself and Nick in a relationship, and a message written on the photograph that says "KILL HIM" on the upper left corner and "See U soon, Nick" on the lower right. Kira "pushes" Carver, commanding him to put his gun in his mouth and pull the trigger. The screen fades to black, followed by the sound of a gunshot.