While flying a kite on a hill, two children named Stevie and Nancy are swept away aloft by their kite in sci-fi fashion to a fantasy, wonderland-type world called Agapeland. It is a lush green place near a river, containing over-sized mushrooms, living plants, and friendly woodland animals. Shortly after their arrival in the pleasant Agapeland, Stevie and Nancy discover the Marvelous Music Machine, which Stevie explains is a "quanamatic digilator." Stevie tries to make it work, but only succeeds in causing it to produce a loud noise, which shoves him back into the Music Machine's caretaker , The Conductor. When one of the children asks how the machine works, The Conductor simply smiles and replies: "You put something in it [a slot on the machine], and a song comes out." The next few minutes are spent singing songs, playing around, and learning important things. But partway into the film, the storyline  takes a twist: across the river from Agapeland, it is revealed that there is a barren, dry, creepy, dark place plagued with misery . This land is inhabited by the Pudges (three barefoot, waif-like, young characters similar to [[dwarf , and their scheming, grouchy "friend", Mr. Pims. Upon the transition to the miserable land, we see Mr. Pims enlist the three Pudges, Snard, Grum, and Bubort, to help him in a mastermind, wildly wacky scheme of schemes; steal Agapeland's source of happiness  so that their land may be just as lush and green. Pims also figures out a byproduct as well--once the machine is away from Agapeland, people will have to buy their happiness from him and the Pudges. Immediately, Pims puts his plan into action. He and the Pudges pack up a mule-driven wagon, raft across the river to Agapeland, and spy on Stevie, Nancy, and the conductor, waiting for a moment to steal the machine. Once the three humans leave, the Pudges try everything to get the machine away from Agapeland; however, they continually get distracted  until they finally come up with a terrific distraction: a picnic to keep Stevie, Nancy away from the music machine. Their trick works! Stevie and Nancy return from the picnic to find the machine roped up and being  lifted onto Mr. Pims' wagon. In the nick of time, Stevie uses a jack knife to cut the ropes and thwart Pims' plan , but the Music Machine has been wrecked and disformed from all of its mistreatment and no longer works. The Conductor does everything he can to fix it, but it refuses to play anything. Nancy, upon realizing that the Music Machine is ruined, cries a tear, which falls into the slot. The music machine comes back to life!