In New York City, high-strung stockbroker Joy Ellis McNally  is dumped by her fiancé at a surprise birthday she throws for him. At the same time easy-going carpenter Jack Fuller  is fired from his job by his father, Jack, Sr. . Both become emotionally distraught and, with best friends Toni "Tipper" , a bartender, and Jeff "Hater" , a lawyer, take a debauched trip to Las Vegas. Joy and Jack meet by chance when they are given the same hotel room because of a computer error. After clearing up the misunderstanding and receiving upgraded rooms and coupons to various clubs, they party and drink together and end up getting married. The next morning, they realize it was a mistake and decide to divorce. Before they do so, Jack uses a quarter Joy gives him in a slot machine. He hits a three million dollar jackpot and Joy reminds Jack that they are married and hence, she is entitled to half of the money. The couple return to New York, where they attempt to divorce. Their judge  declares that the couple cannot divorce until they attempt to co-exist for six months, while attending weekly sessions with a marriage counselor . If they work at the marriage but still want to divorce after six months, each will be permitted to keep half the winnings. If either party does not cooperate, the money will be tied up in litigation by the judge. The newlyweds devise more and more cunning schemes to undermine each other, such as Jack telling Joy that their counseling session is canceled to prove she's not committed, and Joy inviting girls to their apartment to try to get Jack to cheat on her. Jack gives Joy's ex-fiancé Mason , her engagement ring back without Joy knowing. At Joy's job retreat, Jack and Joy ironically find themselves developing an unexpected attraction to one another and they soon realize that being with each other has brought out the best in both of them.{{cite web}}. After they get back from the retreat, it's time for the judge to decide what happens to the money. On her way to the hearing, Joy sees her ex-fiancé Mason and he tells her that he wants her back. He gives her back the engagement ring and tells her that she is good enough for him. Joy realizes that Jack set her up to get back with him, therefore cheating on him and letting Jack keep the money. Joy walks away from Mason and goes to the hearing. At the hearing, their marriage counselor testifies that the couple truly tried to work on their marriage. The judge decides that they will split the remaining 1.4 million dollars . Joy tells the judge she doesn't want any money, and gives the engagement ring to Jack, telling him she officially doesn't want anything from him. Jack realizes she knows that he talked to Mason. Joy gets the promotion she'd been working for, but tells her boss that she would rather be happy doing nothing than doing something she hated and being miserable. The next scene is of Jack talking to his parents, and them telling him that it looked like he and Joy were actually in love. Realizing his mistake, he goes to her friend Tipper to find out where she is. Tipper tells Jack that she quit her job – a fact she seems quite disgruntled by – and that nobody knows where she is. He has a suspicion that she has gone to a beach  that she told him about, the only place that makes her feel truly happy. Jack asks her to be his wife  and she says yes. As the two embrace, Joy says that she quit her job and has no idea what she's going to do. Jack reminds her that they have a lot of money between them. Joy states that they hit the jackpot, to which Jack replies that he certainly did . In the credits it shows a clip of what happened between Tipper and Hater the day Jack and Joy got married. It also shows Tipper and Hater subsequently enacting a plan of revenge on Mason, devised by Tipper earlier in the film. Tipper and Hater ring Mason's doorbell, and when he answers, Tipper slugs him in his testicles. He moans in agony and drops to his knees asking why, and she responds that he knows why, and Tipper leaves with Hater. In a post-credits scene, Dave is telling Hater about a party that evening, but Hater no longer wants to associate with Dave, citing Jack as being "the glue" that held the two of them together as friends. With that, Hater simply leaves. The movie ends with Dave randomly asking a random guy on the street if he likes to party.