On the first day of the school year Georgia and her friends, Jas , Ellen  and Rosie  spot two new students that have just moved to Eastbourne from London. They are brothers--fraternal twins Robbie ([[Aaron Johnson  and Tom ([[Sean Bourke . Georgia announces to her mates that it is "Boy stalking time", and soon the girls follow the boys, who are exploring Eastbourne with their friend Dave "the Laugh" . Jas and Georgia find out that Robbie and Tom's mother owns a small, local, and organic vegetable store. They go there, pretending to be customers, and Jas and Tom quickly bond. Jas quickly tells Georgia that she's interested in Tom, and Georgia agrees because she soon realizes that Robbie, the other brother, has a cat and plays in a band. Soon after, Georgia hatches a plan to get closer to Robbie, by pretending that her cat, Angus, has gone missing. Jas has had Angus on a leash in another part of town the whole time, but he escapes while she is watching Tom playing sports, and Tom ends up rescuing him. Georgia had discovered that Robbie's parents were divorced while they were "looking" for Angus. Soon after the rescue, Tom asks Jas out and the pair begin dating while  Georgia discovers that Robbie is seeing Georgia's rival - Lindsay. In the midst of all this, Georgia's father has been offered a job in New Zealand, and he goes to New Zealand to prepare for the family to move out with him. During his absence, Georgia's mum hires a handsome builder called Jem to re-do the living room, and begins to spend increasingly longer periods of time with him, making Georgia worried as to the state of her parents marriage. Also, Georgia becomes the unofficial head of the house by doing a vast majority of the cooking, and the looking after of Libby, her sister. Georgia is upset with Jas one day at school because Jas is constantly abandoning the Ace Gang to hang out with Tom. She won't walk into school with them, eat lunch with them, or leave school with them. During gym class, Georgia explains this to her, and Jas quickly tells them later that she's gotten them all invited to an exclusive party. The Ace Gang goes to a local boy's house  named Peter Dyer who would "help out", so to speak, girls who were having trouble kissing. Peter Dyer took a severe liking to Georgia, and kept calling her and not leaving her alone. He confronts her at the party, by practically forcing her to dance with him, and tells her that he needs to talk to her. In so doing, he drags her outside against her will, and begins talking to her. He claims that Georgia drives him crazy and that she's his best student, whereupon he grabs her again and kisses her. Georgia, in an attempt not to kiss him back, falls backwards and into some bushes. At that same time, Robbie and Lindsay, and Jas and Tom arrive at the party together. Robbie sees the exchange and angrily goes inside, while Lindsay pokes fun at the situation by rudely commenting on the size of Georgia's underwear for, when Peter and Georgia fell, her skirt came up. Jas looks apologetically at Georgia as Georgia tries her best to get out of there with dignity. Tom invites Jas to go swimming with him and Robbie. In the previous scene, Georgia expressed her humiliation of the events at the party the other night. Jas explains that she will be going to the pool, and tells Georgia that this will be the perfect opportunity for Georgia to explain the events to Robbie herself. When Georgia wants to know where Lindsay will be, she hears from Jas that Lindsay doesn't like the water. Georgia meets them at the pool and brings her sister along as she is stuck babysitting her. Georgia manages to get Jas to come into the changing room with her, and while Libby is changing, she shows Jas what she has accidentally done to her legs. In an effort to make her legs look less pale, she put some spray tan onto them and they turned orange because she used too much. When they all come out again, and after Georgia hastily introduces Libby to Robbie  Jas helpfully asks Tom to take Libby swimming with the two of them. Robbie asks Georgia to swim with him, and then Georgia tells Robbie that she's not dating Peter, and that it was all a big misunderstanding. Robbie is pleased, and they enjoy a brief splash play-fight. Then, Georgia suggests that they do handstands. While she does hers, Robbie gets a good look at Georgia's legs. Georgia, embarrassed, says that she is a pathetic excuse for a girl, and Robbie playfully comments that they look like "giant cheezy puffs". Georgia covers her face in slight humiliation and Robbie pulls Georgia's hands away, leading to the kiss that Georgia has been wanting. Robbie awkwardly pulls away from her, then leaves, claiming that he has to "sort some things out" but that he will call Georgia later. Georgia calls Jas and tells her about it, and Jas is very happy for her. Then, Georgia tells Jas where she and Robbie left their conversation, and Jas doesn't understand what Robbie meant by "sort some some things out" either. Then, Georgia tells Jas that Robbie said that he would call her, and Jas tells Georgia that Tom called her the same day he'd told her that he would be calling her. Georgia says goodbye to Jas, and then the phone rings, but it is her dad, telling her that he's really enjoying New Zealand, but that he only wants to speak to her mother. Georgia hangs up when the doorbell rings, and she goes to see who it is. It is Peter, who is very happy to see Georgia, and goes in to kiss her again. Georgia steps outside and closes the door behind her so her mum, or Libby won't hear. She tells Peter that she is "still recovering from her injuries" and that she can't go out with him. When Peter demands to know why, Georgia says the only thing that she can come up with: "I can't go out with you because I'm a lesbian!" which makes Peter drop the flowers he brought for her in shock. In the next few days, Dave the Laugh passes Georgia notes in the library, asking Georgia if she is really a lesbian. Georgia, after finding out who sent the note, says that she isn't. Then, Dave says that Robbie said that she wasn't. This sparks new interest for Georgia, and then Dave tells her that the Stiff Dylan's are having a gig in Brighton, which upsets Georgia because Robbie didn't tell her about it. Georgia ends up asking Dave the Laugh to the gig, after reading Men are from Mars, Women are from Venus Georgia hatches a plan to make Robbie to realize his feelings for her by going to the gig with Dave the Laugh. Robbie tries to talk to Georgia at the gig, but is stopped by Lindsay, who tells him that she is holding a party. Dave walks Georgia home, and Dave confesses to Georgia that he really likes her. He tries to kiss her, but Georgia makes him give her a handshake instead. He then respectfully kisses her on the cheek, and says "see you around, beautiful" which upsets Georgia. The next day at school, Dave won't talk to Georgia, as he's found out that she was only using him to make Robbie jealous. When Georgia confronts Dave on this, he calls Georgia a "heartless user" and tells her that he is upset that she tested her "elastic band theory" on him. Dave ends up telling Robbie that Georgia was only using him, and he stops talking to her as well, due to the fact that he and Dave are best friends. Georgia soon finds out during gym class that it was Jas that leaked this information, and they have an argument, which quickly turns physical  and they vow never to speak to each other again. Feeling like there is no point in staying in England, because she no longer has any friends and is very upset in general, Georgia decides that it is best for everyone if they would move to New Zealand. She makes major changes in her life, including taking better care of the house due to her mother's frequent absences, cooking and looking after Libby, throwing out her teen magazines, listening to dolphins, and doing yoga for relaxation purposes. She even dyes a streak of her hair a shocking blonde. Before she leaves she goes to the beach for a walk knowing Robbie would be there and apologizes to him. Robbie tells her that he dumped Lindsay, which makes Georgia sit down to take in the news. Robbie also tells her that he wrote a song about her called "Bitch in a Uniform" and that he wrote it when he was pissed off at her, but that he still likes her. He stands up and she does the same, and he offers her his hand, and Georgia thinks that he is merely calling a truce. Robbie laughs and calls her a "moppet" and tells her to hold his hand so that they can walk together. They are about to kiss for the second time, but Robbie discovers her blonde streak, and tells Georgia not to dye her hair. In the end Georgia's mum takes her to a club for the first time and it turns out to be a surprise fifteenth birthday party, which Jas had secretly organized with Georgia's mum. She is greeted by all her friends and her family, with Jas and Georgia befriending each other again. Georgia's mother tells her that she must also thank Jem for the party as well, and, after doing so, begs her mother not to get a divorce. Her mother doesn't know what she's talking about, and reveals something else. Upon turning around, Georgia realizes that, as a surprise, Georgia's father has returned from New Zealand, deciding to stay in Eastbourne for a better job opportunity. When her mother asks Georgia to clarify what she was talking about when she mentioned divorce, another man comes up and stands with Jem. He wishes Georgia a happy birthday, and Georgia's mother says that this man, who is Jem's boyfriend, owns the club, and they've all become friends so Georgia could have the party that she wanted. The Stiff Dylans are performing the song "Ultraviolet" which Robbie had written about Georgia. During the song, Georgia introduces Ellen  to Dave, who is still upset with Georgia. They are immediately attracted to one another, and end up sharing a kiss. Georgia also introduces an unnamed girl to Peter, and we don't know what happens between them. The Stiff Dylan's are interrupted mid-song by an angry Lindsay who had come from her own party  and tells Robbie that he would either have to take her back or lose her forever. Lindsay calls Georgia several rude names, and calls herself perfect, and declares that it's perfectly obvious which one he should choose. Robbie takes Georgia's hand and pulls her on-stage, tells her that Georgia is the one he wants, and that she's perfect for him. Jas, and the other members of the Ace Gang join them on-stage, and Jas says that Robbie prefers girls that are "un-fake" and pulls Lindsay's "jellies" out of her bra. Robbie apologizes to Georgia that Lindsay tried to ruin her party, and Georgia asks Robbie if he really thinks she's perfect. Robbie says that he thinks she's mad, but that she's perfect for him, and he kisses Georgia on-stage. The movie ends with a scene that begins at Georgia's breakfast table with her parents, Libby, and Angus. She tells us that now she is very happy with her life, and that she doesn't mind if her parents show their affection in front of them, and she doesn't mind Libby's weirdness, and she doesn't mind having a big nose. As she walks out of the house to go to school, we see Robbie waiting for her, so that they can walk to school together. The scene changes to them on a date, simply walking around London and laughing together.