In the Spanish countryside, a middle-aged man named Héctor  and his wife  live in a home that they are renovating. Héctor looks at the forest behind their house with binoculars, when he sees someone who turns out to be a young woman undressing. His wife leaves to go shopping so he investigates, only to be stabbed and chased by a mysterious man wearing pink bandages on his face. After fleeing and breaking into a mysterious building, Héctor is contacted by a scientist , who warns him of the bandaged man and guides him to his location, promising safety. The scientist convinces Héctor to hide from the bandaged man in a large mechanical device. However, when he leaves the machine, he discovers that he has traveled several hours back in time. The scientist explains that the machine is an experimental time travel device, and dubs Héctor "Héctor 2". The scientist tells him that they need to stay where they are and let the events unfold as normal. Despite the scientist's objections, Héctor 2 eventually flees in the scientist's car, only to be run off the road by a truck, cutting his head which he wraps in the bandage from his arm wound. After being rescued by the young girl whom he earlier viewed in the forest, he proceeds to try to replicate the events that he previously witnessed as Héctor 1. The girl escapes, and Héctor 2 returns to his home where he hears a scream, ending up chasing a woman through his house and onto the roof. When he attempts to grab her, she slips and falls to her death. Seeing the body from the roof, Héctor believes he has accidentally killed his wife. Héctor then contacts the scientist over a walkie-talkie and, remembering Héctor 1, convinces the scientist to lure his past self to the lab with warnings that he is being pursued. After driving to the lab, Héctor 2 insists that he must travel one more time, much to the objections of the scientist, who reveals that there is a Héctor 3, who not only dictated the events of the film but also stated that he must stop Héctor 2. After removing his bandages, Héctor 3 convinces the scientist to send him back several seconds before Héctor 2 appears. On arriving, he takes another vehicle, and follows Héctor 2. He runs Héctor 2 off the road, but crashes his own vehicle, knocking himself unconscious. On waking several hours later, he contacts the scientist by walkie-talkie and tells him he has failed, and to stop Héctor 2 by any means. He accidentally surprises the girl, causing her to scream. Since Héctor 2 is following the noise, Héctor 3 and the young girl take refuge in Héctor's house. Upon finding his wife, who is startled by Héctor 2 approaching the house, Héctor 3 hides his wife in his shed before setting up the events that lead to the roof accident; most notably, he finds the young girl, cuts her ponytail off and gives her his wife's coat, and tells her to run upstairs. Whilst the events on the roof unfold, Héctor 3 sits on his lawn with his wife; while Héctor 2 accidentally kills the young girl and drives off in the wife's car, Héctor 3 prevents his wife from interfering as emergency vehicles are heard approaching in the distance.