Set in pre-1997, before the return of Hong Kong to the People's Republic of China, the film opens with brothers Archer, Tony and Tiger discussing a drug deal with Sam, a rival gang leader. Ma Jun, a serious criminal investigations detective, along with a team of police officers, raids the nightclub for investigation, and winds up fighting against his partner, Wilson, who has been planted as a mole. The three brothers are later attacked by Sam and his gang who are impatient over receiving the drugs from the brothers' native Vietnam. Archer and his brothers later threaten the elder leaders of their gang, when they attempt to intervene. Tiger is later assigned to kill Sam out in public, but the plan backfires when Wilson intervenes. While in hospital, Sam agrees to testify in court against the three brothers. On the night of their mother's birthday, the brothers plan to recover their drug money, but as the heist is being performed, Archer is arrested by Hong Kong police, while Tony and Tiger discover that Wilson is a mole. While in court, Archer is forced to turn in all of his travel documents, in hope that he will not flee from Hong Kong before his hearing. Tiger and Tony brutally murder Sam along with several other witnesses and crime figures crucial to the police investigation. After their first plan to kill Wilson fails, Tony and Tiger decide to sneak into a hospital guarded by police. Ma discovers that Tiger, disguised as a janitor, is in the building and goes after him, they both end up being in the same elevator where Tiger attempts to kill Ma with a silenced pistol. Here they engage in a grueling fight, a female police officer runs into the elevator and tries to help Ma but ends up getting shot in the heart by a stray bullet after hesitating to shoot Tiger. Tony, having kidnapped Wilson's girlfriend, Judy, threatens to kill her, if Wilson, now a sole witness, testifies in court. Ma chases Tiger when he tries to escape until he squares off against Tiger inside a restaurant, and brutally beats him to death in front of a crowd after Tiger severely injures a little girl by throwing her on the concrete. During the court hearing, Wilson refuses to testify, and the case is dismissed for lack of evidence. Wilson later attempts to rescue Judy, but is captured by Tony and his gang. Once Archer walks free, Ma holds him captive, and calls his brother, Tony, for an exchange of hostages, leading to a confrontation in a Chinese village. Ma singlehandedly takes on the remaining gangsters, and engages in a grueling fight with Tony, whom he later arrests.