The plot is a lift from the highly rated comedy crime/thriller English Movie "Lucky Number Slevin". The plot has been indianized to make it relevant to Indian audiences. Everything else in the movie is similar except for the motive of the killings. There is no role for Bruce Willis Character in Laadam. The story begins with Kunjidhapadam  who comes from a small place to the city for an interview and he manages to find place to stay with his distant relative Subramanyam who is actually a defaulter on loans taken on interest. He is absconding but then leaves his key at a secret place. Kunjidhapadam takes the key and stays and he also manages to get a job. On the other hand, there is Angel  who grows as an orphan and works with a mineral water company. She doesn't have a place to stay so she locates those houses without occupants and stays there for a night and gets going in the morning. One such instance gets her to Kunjidhapadam's house. All this apart, there are two dons Pavadai  and Vembuli  who are out to kill each other and Vembuli is successful in killing Pavadai's son. So he vows to kill Vembuli's son by the 12th day ceremony of his son. A twist of fate occurs and Pavadai's goons mistake Kunjidhapadam to be Subrahmanyam and get him to take money. Kunjidhapadam gives an idea to kill Vembuli's son and he is given a 16 day deadline to kill else Pavadai threatens to kill him Vembuli come's to know of this and tries to kill Kunjidhapadam. But he comes alive. After that Kunjidhapadam again meets Angel and tries to get money from her to give it back to Pavadai which his distant relative Subramanyam has to give. At that time Pavadai realizes and confirms that Kunjidhapadam has to kill Vembulies son. He on the way back he mets the opposite gangsters and tries to escape from them. The gangsters get his files which contain his degree certificate. After that he meets Angel and returnes her money, which Pavadai returned with double of the amount and a gun. He meets Angel and both plan to stay in comedy actor Vadivelu's house. After that both follows a men working under Vembulie and went inside a restaurent where he managed to get information about Vembulie's son who is hidden in a moving air bus with lots of securities. And he is in search of the bus and founds. After that he tries to stop the bus and wants to talk with Vembulie's son. He tells all things happened with Pavadai and ask him to give him a job with security from Pavadai. But they plays a life game and ordered not to face again or else he will be killed. After that both went to a ministers house to stay at night and in morning they got caught and they managed to escape from the ministers gang. A police tries to escape them and he brings both to station and mistakenly he makes them to get married. And brought them to his house, because it is 100th marriage done in police station. In house first night has been arranged and at that time both Angel and Kunjidhapadam becomes closer and get good affectionate and both caught in love. Next day he tries to see Vembulie's son who is in a small boat and some of his gangsters were playing in beach and they throws him into the sea. He manages to swim and reaches the boat and asks for his degree certificates. They all played and tornes all his cerfificate and one of the guy from that gang asks him to send his Angel to him for prostitution. Now Kunjidhapadam got angry and kills all in boat and kills Vembulie's son too and brings the body in a small boat to beach where all gangsters were playing and kills all the mens in the gang. After that he brings the body to Vembulie's house and kidnapps Vembuli as well as Pavadai. And keeps both tied in a rock area and murders all. And again joins with Angel and starts back to Hydrabad and the film ends with got good job, they became parent for 2 children's and happy lived.