Jason "Igby" Slocumb, Jr. is a misanthropic 17-year-old boy, rebelling against the oppressive world of his strict East Coast "old money" family. His schizophrenic father, Jason, has been committed to an institution; Igby fears he will eventually suffer a mental breakdown like his father. His mother, Mimi, is self-absorbed and distant. Igby mockingly describes his ambitious older brother Ollie as a fascist or alternatively a Young Republican, and that he studies neo-fascism  at Columbia University. Igby figures there must be a better life out there, and he sets out to find it, rebelling against his family at every opportunity. After happily flunking out of several prep schools, he ends up in a brutal military academy where he gets beaten by his fellow students. After escaping and spending time in a Chicago hotel courtesy of his mother's credit card, Igby is sent to New York for the summer to his godfather D.H. Banes. While working construction for D.H. he first encounters Rachel, his godfather's heroin-addicted trophy mistress. Rather than return to school, he escapes into the bohemian underworld of Manhattan, hiding out with Rachel and her friend Russel. He hooks up with terminally bored, part-time lover, Sookie, only for her to later leave him for Ollie. Despite seeming cold and distant, Mimi is not unaffected by her rebellious son. She describes Igby's conception as an act of animosity and it shouldn't be a surprise that his life follows the same course. His name is explained as a family in-joke. As a child, he would blame his toy bear, Digby, for things he had done, mispronouncing it as "Igby". In order to get him to take responsibility for his actions his family would call him Igby whenever he lied. Igby is informed by D.H. that his mother Mimi is dying from breast cancer and so he returns to see her. She has arranged to commit suicide with help from Ollie, who sedates her and suffocates her with a plastic bag.  Before she dies, Mimi makes a final revelation, casually inquiring of Igby, "I take it you know that D.H. is your father?" The film ends with Igby leaving for Los Angeles, in an attempt to finally make a clean break by getting 3,000 miles away from his family.