{{Plot}} Raja ([[Govinda  is the son of Florence  and James . James was a criminal who was killed in an encounter with police in front of Florence. James gave a new-born baby to Florence before dying and tells her to take care of him. This toddler is Raja. At college Raja has Morarilal and Deepak as friends. Gulshan, aka Gullu,  is another boy in college who hates Raja. Priya , the sister of Inspector Vijay Chauhan , joins the college. After a series of tiffs with Raja, Priya begins to fall for him. In the meanwhile, various college girls get killed by a mysterious killer. Inspector Chauhan is given charge of these cases. Raja accidentally realizes the connection between the girls - Professor Verma . After, Raja realizes that Verma was the person these girls frequently met, he decides that either the professor knows something about the murder, or is the killer. The Professor is beaten up by Raja and his friends. In fit of rage, Raja stabs him. Next day, everyone is shocked by Verma's murder. Inspector Chauhan starts taking fingerprints of everybody in the college. Raja, terrified of his crime and the fact that he turned out just like his father, gives unclear fingerprints. Gullu makes him realize that by doing this, he has actually incriminated himself. When Raja learns that the murder was committed in front of Priya's home and that Priya's nephew  has suddenly become silent since the day of murder, he realizes that Priya's nephew has seen him. On the other hand, Inspector Chauhan finds out why the girls were murdered - they were victims of a sex scandal. Raja is immediately branded as a blue film maker. To make matters worse, Priya's nephew identifies him as a killer in front of Priya. Now, Raja has to run from the police to save his life. Gullu joins with Raja to find evidence in his favour, but dead bodies start dropping. Chauhan eventually arrests Raja and interrogates him. Raja tells the truth, but is shocked to learn that the Professor was stabbed 46 times. He realizes that the Professor was killed by someone else and is still on the loose, tying up all leads. Realizing that Chauhan's son is in danger, he escapes from the police station and kidnaps Chauhan's son from the hospital. When Raja asks him why he told a lie, Chauhan's son says he did not. Just then, the real killer comes to kill Chauhan's son. Raja is shocked to see that the killer is Deepak. Deepak says that he and Verma were involved in blue film making. The victims were killed because they were threatening to expose Deepak. When Verma was stabbed by Raja, Deepak saw an opportunity to eliminate his partner and make his side safe. Then he saw Chauhan's son and knew that he had another problem. Deepak killed every person who knew his secret, as incriminating Raja was his only option. The reason Chauhan's son pointed to Raja as the killer was that Deepak was standing behind him! Deepak tries to kill Chauhan's son, but Raja fights him on the hospital roof. Deepak dies when Inspector Chauhan arrives on the scene and shoots Deepak, who falls to his death. Chauhan lets Raja go, telling him that his mother is in hospital in a critical state. Raja succeeds in saving his mother and the statement of Inspector Chauhan proves his innocence.