In the 25th century, a spaceship carrying 300 scientists leaves the earth in search of a new world in the solar system, but an unexpected accident occurs. They encountered a black hole that is connected to another universe through space and time. The people on board abandoned their ship and ejected emergency capsules to a planet called Ismo. Upon the chaos a child was born and the first infant to be native Ismo, Yamato Takeru. Ismo is a star of the Onam System, which corresponds to the Solar System in our universe. It is the only planet left in the Onam System. The Death Star called Yomi is a comet which regularly approaches the Onam System. There were once 8 planets in the Onam System. Many years ago, in the "time of the gods", there was a war against the evil monster Yamatano Orochi . The gods won the battle. Yamatano Orochi was locked into 8 capsules, one of which is buried deep in the center of each planet. Nobody was supposed to have access to the core of the planets. However Tsukuyomi, an evil "god" who rules Yomi, succeeded in reaching the capsules one after another. Seven of the planets were destroyed using his powerful robots, the Evil Sky Warriors. However, when he tried to acquire the last capsule from the planet Ismo, the most powerful Sky Warrior, Susanoo, got out of control and was blown away. A million years later, the Death Star Yomi is approaching the Onam System once again. Tsukuyomi, the master of Yomi, plans to take this opportunity to realize his dream of ruling the entire universe. He is desperate for the last stone containing Yamatano Orochi. If Tsukuyomi can get hold of this capsule, Yamatano Orochi will return to life and its power will become his. Tsukuyomi needs Sky Warrior Susanoo to abstract Orochi and dispatches Sky Soldiers to retrieve Susanoo. But it is too late. Susanoo no longer belongs to Tsukuyomi. It belongs to Takeru, a 12-year-old boy from Earth, who happened to discover the buried robot Susanoo and woke it from its million-year-long sleep. Takeru becomes involved in the battle against the Sky Soldiers and the fate of all in Ismo.