William Russell  and Joe Cantwell  are the two leading candidates for the presidential nomination of an unspecified political party. Both have potentially fatal vulnerabilities. Russell is a principled intellectual . A sexual indiscretion has alienated his wife Alice . In addition, he has a past nervous breakdown to live down. Cantwell  portrays himself as a populist "man of the people", and patriotic anti-communist campaigning to end "the missile gap" , but is a ruthless opportunist, willing to go to any lengths to get the nomination. Neither man can stand the other; neither believes his rival qualified to be President. They clash at the nominating convention and lobby for the crucial support of dying former President Art Hockstader . The pragmatic Hockstader  prefers Russell, but worries about his indecisiveness and overdedication to principle; he despises Cantwell, but appreciates his toughness and willingness to do what it takes. In fact, Hockstader had intended to publicly support Cantwell, but the candidate blunders badly. When the two speak privately, Cantwell attacks Russell with illegally-obtained psychological reports , mistakenly assuming that Hockstader was for the more liberal man. The former president tells Cantwell that he doesn't mind a "bastard", but objects to a stupid one, and switches to Russell. However, in his opening-night speech, he endorses neither. Cantwell's wife actively campaigns, while Russell's pretends for the time being that everything is fine with their marriage. The candidates go to the convention trying to outmaneuver the other, Russell finding out to his chagrin that Hockstader has offered the vice-presidential spot on the ticket to all three of the other candidates, Oscar Anderson, John Merwin, and T.T. Claypoole of Texas . One of Russell's aides digs up Sheldon Bascomb . He served in the military with Cantwell, and is willing to link him to homosexual activity while stationed in Alaska during World War II. Hockstader and Russell's closest advisors press Russell to grab the opportunity, but he resists. In a memorable line, Hockstader says that he doesn't care if Cantwell "has had carnal knowledge with a McCormick Reaper," but still thinks the dirt should be used against him. As the first round of voting begins, he arranges to meet Cantwell privately, to let his rival know what he can do. However, Cantwell confronts Bascomb and refutes his slander. Russell threatens to use the allegation anyway, but though Cantwell does not understand what makes his opponent tick, he knows this much - Russell does not have the stomach for tactics that dirty. In the end, Russell shocks him by throwing his support behind a third candidate, Governor John Merwin , ending both their chances.