{{Anchor}} It is 1199 and Robin Longstride  is a common archer in Richard the Lionheart's  army. A veteran of the Third Crusade and Richard's war against Phillip II of France, he now takes part in the siege against Chalus Castle. Disillusioned and war-weary, he believes the King when he invites him to give an honest view of the war and the King's conduct. After Robin gives a frank but unflattering appraisal, Richard breaks his promise and has Robin and comrades taken prisoner to be judged after ending the siege. The betrayed men decide to free themselves and desert. Following Richard's death, Robin and two other common archers, Allan A'Dayle , Will Scarlett , as well as soldier Little John , attempt to secretly return to their homeland after fighting abroad for the past 10 years. Along the way they come across an ambush of the Royal guard by Sir Godfrey , an English knight collaborating with the French. Philip II had ordered Sir Godfrey to assassinate Richard. Having discovered the King is already slain, Sir Godfrey is chased off by the arrival of Robin and his companions. Aiming to return to England safely and richer in pocket than when they left it, Robin and his men steal the armour of the slain knights and, under the guise of noblemen, head for the English ships on the coast. Before leaving the scene of slaughter, Robin promises one of the dying knights, Robert Loxley , to return a sword to the knight's father in Nottingham. Upon arriving in England, Robin  is brought to London and chosen to inform the Royal family of the King's death. He witnesses the coronation of King John , the younger brother of Richard. John orders harsh taxes to be collected, sending Sir Godfrey off to the North to do so. He has no idea that Godfrey is a French agent who, using French troops, will use this Royal Decree to stir up enough unrest to cause civil war in England. Robin and his companions head to Nottingham, where Loxley's elderly, blind father Sir Walter  asks him to continue impersonating his son, in order to prevent the family lands being taken by the crown. Loxley's widow, Lady Marian , is initially distrustful of Robin, but soon warms to him when he recovers taxed grain for the townsfolk to plant. Meanwhile, Godfrey's actions have stirred up the northern barons, who march to meet King John and demand the signing of a charter of rights. Having realized Godfrey's deception, and knowing he must reunite his people in order to meet an imminent French invasion, the King agrees. A battle follows in which Robin and the northern barons attack Godfrey's men while the latter are ransacking Nottingham—but not before Godfrey has slain the blind Sir Walter. The film climaxes with a French invasion on England's Cliffs of Dover, opposed by an English army. In the midst of the chaos, Marian attempts to kill Godfrey but he gains the upper hand over her and prepares to kill her. However, Robin intervenes and duels Godfrey himself. The English are victorious and Godfrey attempts to flee on horseback, but Robin shoots an arrow, from long distance, which pierces straight through Godfrey's neck. When King John sees the French surrendering to Robin rather than to himself, he senses a major threat to his power. Therefore, in the final scenes, King John not only reneges on his promise to sign the Charter of the Forest, but also declares Robin to be an outlaw. In response to this, Robin moves to Sherwood Forest with Lady Marian and his friends to form what will become the Merry Men of Sherwood Forest. "So," as the concluding scroll says, "the legend begins."