Harry Palmer , who has left MI-5 to work as a private investigator, is told by a mechanical voice on the phone to take a package to Helsinki. The package contains six virus-laden eggs that have been stolen from the British government's research facility at Porton Down. In Helsinki, he is met by Anya  who takes him to meet her handler, Harry's old friend Leo Newbigen . Leo is in love with Anya, but Harry knows that she is only pretending to reciprocate. Leo takes Harry to a secret room where a computer issues daily instructions to Leo and Anya. The computer speaks in the same voice as the one which summoned Harry to Helsinki. After determining that he cannot trust either Leo or Anya, he is captured by his former MI-5 superior, who coerces him into working once more for the British government in pursuing the conspiracy. Harry is ordered to Russia where he embeds with some rebels to obtain intelligence for Leo's operation. After being captured and left for dead, he is extracted from Russia by Colonel Stok , an old contact from the Red Army. Back in Helsinki, Anya tries to kill Harry while she seduces him. She confesses that the computer told her to kill Harry. Harry locks her in a room and waits for Leo at the computer's location. Leo offers to pay off Harry for his trouble, but Harry insists on getting half of the money Leo is getting from whatever the conspiracy is all about. The pair go to Texas where Harry meets oil tycoon 'General' Midwinter . The General proudly displays his billion-dollar 'brain', which is a room full of computers that dispenses orders to his agents all over the world. The General is in the midst of planning a rebellion in Latvia, which he thinks will trigger the fall of the Soviet Union. His plan is to infect the Red Army with the viruses, while using his Latvian agents to begin a rebellion as his own private army invades. Meanwhile, Leo subverts the General's computer orders and escapes with the eggs. The General realizes that Harry is a double agent, but he sends Harry after Leo regardless. Back in Helsinki, Leo and Anya board a train for Russia with the eggs, but Harry intercepts them, escorting Leo off the train with the eggs. Anya shoots Harry's bodyguards as the train pulls away from the station. Leo runs after the train, and he hands the eggs to Anya. As he tries to pull himself up, Anya pushes him off the train and shrugs as he looks at her in bewilderment. Leo then offers to help Harry stop the General's insane plan, which could trigger World War III. In personnel carriers made out of oil tanker trucks from his company, the General leads his private army across the frozen Baltic Sea into Latvia. Harry and Leo attempt to catch up with the General, who orders their car to be fired upon. Leo is killed. Meanwhile, Col. Stok is fully aware of the invasion and fires on the convoy, breaking the sea ice. The entire convoy falls into the freezing water, and all the vehicles and soldiers sink below the ice to a cold, watery, Baltic Grave. Harry awakes alone on an ice floe. Col. Stok arrives in a helicopter with Anya and the eggs. He gives the eggs to Harry and confirms that Anya is one of his spies. She bids Harry farewell, and he walks off the frozen sea back to the helicopter, Harry apparently now has a long walk. Back in London, Harry delivers the eggs to his MI-5 superior, who agrees to reward Harry with a promotion. However, when he opens the package to inspect the eggs, he finds that Harry has replaced them with six baby chickens.