Jesse Montgomery III  and Chester Greenburg  are two slackers who wake up at Jesse's house, hung over and with no memory of the day before. Their refrigerator is filled with chocolate pudding, and the answering machine contains an angry message from their twin girlfriends, Wanda  and Wilma , as to their whereabouts. They go outside only to find Jesse's car missing, and with it their girlfriends' anniversary presents. This prompts Jesse to ask: "Dude, where's my car?" Because the twins have promised them a "special treat", which Jesse and Chester hope is sex, the men are desperate to find the car. The duo retrace their steps to discover just where they left the car. Along the way, they encounter an angry transgender stripper , a belligerent Chinese drive-thru speaker operator , discover two cool tattoos on each other's backs, run into a group of UFO cultists led by Zoltan , a Chinese tailor , the Zen-minded Nelson  and his cannabis-loving dog, the jock Tommy  and his musclehead friends, Tommy's girlfriend Christie Boner , a couple of police detectives, and an ostrich farmer named Pierre . The protagonists then meet two races of aliens, one group being five gorgeous women wearing skintight black jumpsuits , the other being a pair of Nordic men wearing workout clothes . Both groups are searching for the "Continuum Transfunctioner", a powerful device . The "Continuum Transfunctioner" is capable of destroying the universe. An Animal Planet show then provides a helpful clue, though Jesse and Chester do not know it at the time— about how animals use tools, animals 'often use sticks as crude tools'. In an arcade, they discover that the Continuum Transfunctioner was a Rubik's Cube that Chester has been working hard to solve during most of the movie. When he does, it becomes activated. Once the five lights on it stop flashing, the universe will be destroyed. Jesse and Chester must figure out which of two alien groups should get the device. One group protects the universe, while the other wants to destroy it. Both claim to be the protectors and claim that they were with Jesse and Chester the previous night. The two choose the Nordic men, because when asked what the two stoners did the night before, they correctly answered that the boys got a hole-in-one at the 18th hole at a miniature golf park, winning a lifetime supply of pudding. At the last second, the Nords deactivate the Transfunctioner, saving the universe. Angry, the five alien women merge to become, what Chest calls, a "Super Hot Giant Alien" . The protectors intervene, attempting to banish her to Hoboken, New Jersey, but are knocked out. The giantess then eats Tommy before she crawls out of the amusement center and chases Jesse and Chester. The cultists tell them to activate the Photon Accelerator Annihilation Beam on the Transfunctioner. However, the button that activates it is too far in to reach. At the last second, Chester remembers the nature show with the tool-using chimps and uses a straw to push the recessed button, thus destroying the alien . The two protectors erase everyone's minds concerning the events and time is reversed to the beginning of the film. The events come full circle as Jesse and Chester wake up with no memory of what happened to them much like the beginning of the film. However, they recover the car , which turned out to be hidden behind a mail truck the whole time, and salvage their relationships and discover the special treat from the girls turns out to be matching knitted caps and scarves. The protectors leave a gift for their girlfriends : Breast Enhancement Necklaces. The film ends with Jesse, Chester and their girlfriends driving off in the car agruing on what the tattoes on the latter's backs say.