Brenda  is a hard-working single mother living with one son and two daughters in Chicago, Illinois. After she drops off her children at school, she and her friend, Cheryl , are on the bus on their way to work when Brenda finds a letter with tickets to Atlanta, Georgia requesting her attendance at the funeral service of her late father, Pop Brown. When they get to their workplace, they find that their jobs have been shut down. After Michael's  basketball game, Brenda and her children are approached by Calvin, a young drug dealer, who is Michael's best friend, invites him to a party. Brenda intervenes for Michael. Brenda apparently has known Calvin for a long time and she knows the real reason for why he sells drugs: he is doing this to cope with the death of his mother. Afterwards, Brenda warns Michael about Calvin and his lifestyle. They are later approached by Harry , a basketball recruiter who invites Micheal to try out for professional basketball, but Brenda being protective tells him that school comes first. After that, she goes to her ex-husband, Michael Sr, at work asking for financial aid, but he is reluctant. Later, Brenda and the children travel by bus to Atlanta, where they meet Mr. Brown ([[David Mann  and his daughter, Cora . They go to LB  and Sarah's  home. After meeting his sister, Vera , Brenda has a tough time fitting in with the Brown family. That same day, Brenda finds Michael and Harry outside shooting hoops, and at the dinner table, LB informs his family that Brenda is Pop Brown's daughter by another woman, as he was a pimp in Chicago before moving to Atlanta. After hearing the news, the family are unwilling to believe the truth about their late father. After the funeral, LB reads Pop Brown's will to his family, and Brenda finds out he left her a shady, ruined house. Unwilling to accept it, she moves back to Chicago with an offer of money from Cora. Upon returning to Chicago, Brenda continues to look for a job while she and Harry are dating. When Michael Sr shows up, he is willing to give her money for child support if she sleeps with him. However Michael comes in the room and is furious, not only for strong-arming his mother, but for saying that Brenda should have aborted him. He leaves and gets a job selling illegal drugs for Calvin, who he known since the 2nd grade. He later comes home and Brenda tells him to leave as she wants no part of his selling drugs. However, when he explains that he was only trying to sell drugs to help support the family and give her a break, she refrains from throwing him out, telling him to go to bed. The next night, Michael tells Calvin that he won't deal drugs for him, and when rival drug dealers get involved, Michael ends up shot in the back and collapsed onto the sidewalk. Brenda hears the news while she and Harry are out on a date, and she goes to visit Michael in the hospital. Michael's doctor tells Brenda that he will be fine and he was lucky because the bullet passed his internal organs. After Michael's recovery, Harry helps him to improve his basketball skills. After they leave their past behind them, Harry takes them back to Georgia. Later that same day, Brenda eavesdrops on Vera in the kitchen telling Cora that Michael is a "goldmine" to Harry so he can pay off his gambling debts. Brenda and Harry later argue and break up, but another basketball recruiter tells her that Harry's debts are paid. She realizes she lost a good man. After a basketball press conference, Michael and Brenda drive to the basketball gym where Harry is practicing so she can apologize to him. Harry reveals the main reason why he helped out her and Michael all this time was because he loved her. Brenda confesses that she loves him too but she is afraid to accept him because he was too perfect for her. Harry asks her to let him be that perfect man for her. the film ends with the two getting married with the Browns at their wedding. Earlier in the film, when Mr. Brown is panicking to Cora, they both turned on the news which they saw Madea and Uncle Joe  in a high-speed freeway police chase. During the chase, Madea called Cora and Mr. Brown that she is chased by the police. She was told to pull over, but refused as she continues to outrun several police cars and two helicopters. The chase came to an end as Madea ran out of gas, followed by being surrounded by the police. After the chase, Joe made his run from the scene. Shortly after, Madea got out of her car and then fought with a police officer. During the short fight, the officers finally handcuffed her and then placed her in the police car. These events led up to the film's sequel, Madea Goes To Jail.