The year is 1918, and Max Rothman , a fictional Munich art dealer, is a veteran of the Third Battle of Ypres, where he lost his right arm during the latter stages of World War I effectively ending his career as a painter. He returns to Germany to attempt to capture the essence of war through art by opening a modern art gallery. He is married to Nina , but also has a mistress, Liselore von Peltz . Through a chance encounter, Rothman is approached by a young Adolf Hitler , a war veteran as well, disgruntled over Germany's loss during the conflict and the country's humiliation by the signing of the Versailles Treaty; Hitler wishes to have his artwork drawings displayed. Rothman comes to believe that Hitler has talent, but has failed to tap his inner potential to create great art. While he is aware of Hitler's anti-semitism, Rothman still encourages him to delve deeper in his art, as they both develop a friendship based on their common experiences fighting in the war. Rothman also understands how Hitler had nothing to come home to after the war. Despite his overall doubts about Hitler, Rothman agrees to take some of his paintings under a contractual basis. As these events unfold, Hitler is being urged by Captain Karl Mayr , a Reichswehr officer, to go into politics and make a career out of anti-semitic propaganda. During a brief conversation in an army barracks, Mayr also offers to financially support him by having the army pay for his expenses, further enticing Hitler to join his national socialist movement, the German Workers' Party. Later, Rothman begins to question Hitler's motives regarding his racial views. In an exchange of words, Hitler denies being anti-semitic and replies that on the contrary, he grudgingly admires the Jews and firmly believes the secret to their elite status in society is in the purity of their blood. He goes on to state that the German people would be of equal calibre and better off if they did not integrate themselves with different races. After making a violently anti-semitic speech to a group of supporters at a rally—with Mayr's backing—Hitler goes to a cafe to discuss a series of new militaristic drawings with Rothman. As Rothman approaches the cafe for his interview with Hitler, he is savagely beaten by a group of anti-semites, who had ironically attended Hitler's rally. As Rothman lays dying, Hitler leaves the cafe, believing that Rothman has stood him up. He has now chosen politics over art, and so history will take its course.