Krishna is a new name in the world of crime, whose exploits attract the attention of Raja, an heir to a dead underworld don. Raja is just reduced to remain at the mercy of Bhujang Rao aka Bhau, another don. Raja loathes Bhujang & his attitude & extends a hand to Krishna, who accepts the offer. Bhau tries to convince Krishna of a brighter future if he joins Bhau's gang, but Krishna remains with Raja. Meanwhile, Rashmi, a club dancer, is lamenting the loss of Sudhir, her love. Sudhir, who was Krishna's lookalike, was a pilot who died during his training session. Rashmi refuses to believe so, hoping that Sudhir will return. During a gig, Rashmi runs into Krishna & is thrilled to see him. Krishna tells her firmly that he is not Sudhir. Only when she sees that a tattoo bearing Rashmi's name, which was supposed to be on Sudhir's arm, is missing from Krishna's arm, she leaves broken hearted & dejected. However, some goons try to rape her & she is saved by Krishna. Krishna reveals that he is indeed Sudhir & goes on to tell the truth. He reveals that his instructor was actually acting as a link for some criminals. He forced Sudhir to land on an abandoned place to meet the criminals. One of the criminals was Cobra, an infamous name in underworld. The deal went wrong & Sudhir's instructor was killed. Sudhir survived somehow & nobody had seen his face. He was wrongfully arrested as a suspect & minister Amar Prabhakar bailed him out. Amar told him that if he wants to survive, he has to take down all the people who could pose a possible threat. So, Sudhir got booked under another name - Krishna. Meanwhile, Cobra returns to India again. It is revealed that both Bhau & Raja are on his payroll. Cobra decides to make Raja the de facto ruler of his operations in India. Raja tells him about Krishna. Cobra & Sudhir meet, where Cobra suspects that he has seen Krishna somewhere else. Sudhir knows that Cobra may recognize him, but now he has come too far. Later, Raja drops by a brothel, where Sudhir is surprised to see his sister perform. His sister is shocked to see him too & commits suicide on the spot. Sudhir learns from another dancer that most of the dancers have same story to share - a man came in their life pretending to be a well to do person, married them & sold them, where they were raped before ending up here. He realizes that the man whom he gave his sister to is responsible for destruction of so many girl's lives. The dancer also tells him that he keeps a record, mostly videotapes of the people he has sold the girls to, in order to blackmail them. In a fit of rage, Sudhir accosts the man, but he dies. Sudhir receives another blow when he learns that his mother has died. Amar keeps the truths under wraps & gives Sudhir's mother the funeral she deserved. Sudhir also learns that Amar's own daughter has been kidnapped & that Cobra has the tape which may uncover the identity of his sister's rapist. On learning of Cobra's another deal with Bhau & Raja, Sudhir decides to end it all. In a bloody aftermath, the criminals are killed. Sudhir finds the tape, whereby he receives a shocker that his sister was raped by none other than Amar. Here, it is revealed that Amar's daughter is not kidnapped; it was only a ploy to garner public sympathy for next elections. However, the Commissioner learns of this fraud & Amar has him captured. Next day, Amar is giving a speech when an enraged Sudhir turns up. He makes his way to Amar. The Commissioner, who has somehow succeeded in escaping, manages to save Sudhir from being taken down. He pleads Sudhir to let the police take it over. Amar tries to run away, taking advantage of the situation, but Sudhir removes a fake Sudarshan Chakra from an idol of lord Krishna & beheads Amar with it. With Amar dead, Sudhir surrenders.