Benjamin "Finn" Finnegan  is a treasure hunter looking for a treasure from a Spanish galleon, known as the Aurelia, that was lost at sea with the 1715 Treasure Fleet. In his search to find the treasure, his wife, Tess , divorces him. Tess has been working as a steward on a huge yacht owned by multi-millionaire, Nigel Honeycutt . Finn finds a clue to the location of the treasure and manages to get on Honeycutt's yacht The Precious Gem and convince him, his daughter, Gemma , and Tess to join him in searching for the treasure. A local gangster named Bigg Bunny ([[Kevin Hart  and Finn's mentor, Moe Fitch , are intent on finding the treasure first. The Precious Gem and Moe's vessel compete to find the treasure in The Bahamas. As Finn attempts to secretly take down Moe's search grid, Finn discovers a sword which is a clue to finding the treasure. Finn and Tess follow the clues to an ancient church and discover a diary describing the location of the treasure. Bigg Bunny and his associates, who have been following Finn and Tess, take Tess hostage and assume  that Finn was killed. Bigg Bunny forces Tess to aid him in the search for the treasure in a blowhole, the location revealed in the diary. Tess finds the treasure in a cave beneath the blowhole. Meanwhile, Finn and the Honeycutts enlist the help of Moe in taking the treasure out of Bigg Bunny's hands. They arrive as Bigg Bunny sends one of his associates back in to the water to find out who was killed in the blowhole. The blowhole kills Bigg Bunny's employee and traps Tess and Finn. Finn saves Tess, only to have Bigg Bunny kidnap an unconscious Tess again. Gemma gets Finn to Bigg Bunny's plane on her jet ski and Finn leaps on the plane's pontoon as the plane takes off. As Bigg Bunny attempts to shoot Finn, Tess begins to wake and kicks Bigg Bunny out of the plane, sending him into the ocean. Bigg Bunny's henchman is then taken prisoner by Moe, after Moe has been shot in the leg with a speargun. Finn and Tess are reunited and find the treasure together. Tess is shown to be pregnant. Eventually Finn, Tess, Nigel, Gemma, Moe and all those who contributed in finding the treasure open a museum to display all of their finds.