In late 1990s Los Angeles, Hannon Fuller  owns a multi-billion-dollar computer enterprise, and is the inventor of a newly-completed virtual reality  simulation of 1937 Los Angeles. When Fuller is murdered just as he begins premature testing of the VR system, his friend and protégé, Douglas Hall , becomes the primary suspect. The evidence against him is so strong that Hall begins to doubt his own innocence. Between interrogations by LAPD Detective Larry McBain , Hall meets Jane Fuller , the estranged daughter of Hannon Fuller, who is busy with the shutdown of the new VR system. Hall romances her. When a local bartender claims to have witnessed a meeting between Hall and Fuller on the night Fuller was murdered, Hall is arrested. He is released when Jane gives him an alibi. With the assistance of his associate Whitney , Hall attempts to find a message that Fuller left for him inside the simulation. Entering the virtual reality, Hall becomes a banker named John Ferguson. He learns that a bartender named Jerry Ashton  is aware that he is an artificial creation after reading Fuller's message for Hall. Frightened and angry, Ashton tries to kill Hall. Hall barely survives to escape the virtual reality. Now unable to find Jane, Hall discovers her double, Natasha Molinaro, working as a grocery store clerk — but Molinaro does not recognize Hall. This leads Hall to perform an experiment outside the VR system, something that Fuller’s letter instructed him to try: drive to a place where he never would have considered going otherwise. He does so, and discovers a place that resembles a wireframe model. Hall grasps the truth, the meaning of Fuller's message: 1990s Los Angeles is itself a simulation. Hall ultimately realizes that his world is one of thousands of virtual worlds, but it is the only one in which one of the occupants has developed a virtual world of its own. Jane Fuller lives in the real world outside the 1990s simulation, and only entered the virtual version to assume the role of her simulation, gain control of her father's company in that simulation, and shut down the simulated 1937 reality. The virtual Hall is modeled after David, Jane’s real-world husband. It was David who committed the murders via Hall’s body, being driven to jealousy when Jane fell in love with the Hall character. Whitney enters the 1937 simulation, assuming the role of bartender Jerry Ashton, who has kidnapped Ferguson  and bound him in the trunk of his car. When Whitney is killed in a car crash inside the 1937 simulation, Ashton’s consciousness takes control of Whitney’s body in the 1990s simulation. David assumes control of Hall again to kill Ashton, and then attempts to rape and murder Jane. Jane is rescued by Det. McBain, who shoots and kills David, and asks Jane to leave them be "down here", implying he realized the nature of his reality as well. David's death as Hall in the 1990s simulation allows Hall’s artificial consciousness to take control of David’s body in the real world. He wakes in 2024, connected by a device to the VR system. He disconnects the system and finds Jane and her father, the real Hannon Fuller. Jane wants to tell Hall more about the simulation, but as she begins the film ends, the screen image turning black like a computer monitor being turned off.