The film opens on an Egyptian archaeological dig in 1961. The Awakening. Dr. Mike Newell. Warner Brothers, 1980. VHS. yet they continue on to uncover the mummy of Queen Kara. As Corbeck smashes in the door to where the tomb is located, Anne begins a painful premature labour. With each hit against the door, Anne has a painful contraction. Upon Corbeck and Jane's return to the camp, they discover Anne laying on the floor in a trance like state. Corbeck takes her to the hospital but leaves her there so that he can return to the dig to continue uncovering the tomb of the Queen. Later, as Anne gives birth to a dead baby, Corbeck and Jane open the mummy's sarcophagus. As they open it the baby suddenly comes to life, signifying the transfer of the Queen's soul to the baby.Maslin, Janet. "Film: 'The Awakening.'" The New York Times. 31 Oct. 1980. Web. 8 Mar. 2012. Corbeck's neglect of both Anne and his newborn daughter Margaret eventually end up with the two leaving him. The audience is then brought to eighteen years later. Corbeck is a professor at a British university and now married to Jane. Corbeck finds out that his great discovery is in trouble: traces of bacteria have been found on the mummy. Corbeck returns to Egypt to learn more about what is happening to the mummy. He tries to have the mummy brought back to England because he disagrees with the Egyptian professionals taking care of it. After one of the specialists opposes Corbeck, he is killed in a freak accident and Matthew is able to transport the mummy to England.  Meanwhile, Margaret  turns eighteen  and she decides she wants to go to England to meet her father even though her mother asks her not to. While in England, Corbeck and Jane tell Margaret all about Kara and the violent murders she committed as well as the myth that she could re-incarnate herself.  Corbeck's obsession with Kara grows and Margaret begins to undergo changes. It appears she is being possessed by Kara. People throughout the film that inhibit the Queen's spirit mysteriously and violently die. Margaret begins to notice the changes in herself and believes she is the one responsible for all the deaths and odd incidents. Both her and her father, while visiting Kara's tomb, discover the jars which contain Kara's organs and Corbeck wants to try the ritual to resurrect the ancient Queen. Heston's character soon comes to believe that the spirit of the queen possessed his daughter at the moment of her birth and intends to resurrect herself through the girl's body. He comes to the decision that the only way to save her is to perform the ritual, which is a decision aided by his possessed daughter. He realizes when it is too late, that Kara tricked him, and that the ritual in fact helped her completely take over Margaret's body. The reincarnated Queen proceeds to kill Corbeck and the film ends with Kara walking out into the world with her intentions unknown to the audience.