Daria and Tisa, two nubile female prisoners, clad only in rough-cut rabbit skin bikinis, break out of their cell in a space gulag, overpower their guards, and escape in a shuttlecraft. The ship mysteriously malfunctions and the girls crash land on a nearby habitable world where they become the guests of Zed, a man with a scarred face who lives in a large fortress. He is the planet’s sole sentient inhabitant and is guarded by two robots who also act as the fortress' keepers. Given new clothes, the girls are invited to join Zed for an evening meal at his table. At dinner, the two girls meet two other survivors from another crash-landing who are also Zed’s guests, Rik and his sister Shala. They warn the girls that something’s not right about Zed and that members of their party who had also survived the other crash have already disappeared. The guests are monitored through the night by the two robots, who perform periodic bed checks on the guests. Rik sneaks out of his room and into Daria's bedroom to warn her of the danger. As they're talking, a robot comes down the hall towards the bedroom. Daria quickly throws Rik onto her bed and strips off her gown. As the robot observes the two guests, Daria pretends to make love to Rik so as to not raise any suspicion of Rik's real reason for being in her room. As the robot analyzes the situation, Daria is forced to continue her fake lovemaking; except that Rik decides to quit faking. Eventually the robot leaves as Rik finishes. Daria, who had been faking all along, then convinces an exhausted Rik that they should conduct a search of the fortress. A late night visit to Zed’s secret trophy room reveals all. The walls are lined with the heads of dozens of Zed’s previous guests whom he hunted for sport. The next morning, Rik disappears and becomes Zed's prize. Shala is seized and stripped by Zed and the robots. Daria and Tisa attempt to escape and are captured. Shala, now dressed in a leather bikini like the other two girls, is chained to a column with Daria and Tisa where they are told the rules of the hunt. The trio is then turned loose by Zed, to be hunted as game.