Gonzo the Great has always been classified as a "whatever,"  but after he begins to have disturbing dreams of abandonment and rejection, he begins to realize just how alone he is in the world. One of his nightmares involves him being denied entry onto Noah's Ark by Noah . The next morning, Gonzo tells Kermit the Frog that he is getting tired of being called a "whatever." After an alien race appears to be trying to send him a message through bowls of cereal, Gonzo realizes that he may not be so alone after all and climbs to the rooftop to start watching the sky. Using a bolt of lightning, Gonzo communicates with a pair of cosmic fish, revealing to him that he is an alien from outer space. When Kermit and his friends refuse to believe him, Gonzo is lured into the clutches of K. Edgar Singer of C.O.V.N.E.T.  who has also taken note of the aliens' attempts at communication and thinks that Gonzo is his key to convincing his superiors that aliens do in fact exist. Gonzo, along with Rizzo the Rat, are arrested by the army. Rizzo's antics causes himself to be flushed down a tube by Hollywood Hulk Hogan. Rizzo ends up having to go through rat training held by Dr. Tucker alongside the other rats like Bubba the Rat, Shakes the Rat, Fast Eddie, and The Bird Man. Kermit and the gang spring into action to rescue Gonzo, using inventions such as a door in a jar, a rubber duck that sprays invisibility spray, and mind control gas from Bunsen Honeydew and Beaker. A talking sandwich asks Gonzo where the alien ship can land, and Gonzo suggests Cape Doom . At the military base, the gang arrive to rescue Gonzo and Rizzo. While on their rescue, everyone uses invisible spray, but they are eventually exposed when Fozzie washes his hands upon exiting the restroom. When Singer hears of this, he has Agent Rentro prepare the Subatomic Neutro-Destabilizer to use on the aliens and heads to his car. When Agent Rentro tells him that the car is impounded due to the parking tickets, Singer and Agent Rentro end up taking the company car - a cement truck. The Muppets go to Cape Doom after rescuing Gonzo and, along with a crowd of alien-happy spectators, await their arrival. The ship comes to Earth and the aliens, who all resemble Gonzo, explain that many years ago they lost him but welcome him back into the fold. Singer turns up and tries to kill the Aliens, but thanks to Agent Rentro, who has disabled his Subatomic Neutro-Destabilizer by taking the part that fires the weapon, he cannot and is laughed at. Gonzo considers going into space with the Gonzo-like aliens, but he realizes his true home is on Earth with his surrogate family and friends, and Singer goes with the aliens as Earth's ambassador. The film ends with the Muppets watching the stars on the roof. Gonzo tells Kermit he wonders why his family asked him to build a Jacuzzi. Pepe chuckles because he and Rizzo had pretended to be them and asked him to do it.