Nothing has been the same in the little town of Long Bay, Ontario since Chris Cutter  disappeared ten years ago. When curling star Cutter took off, he didn't just throw away a chance to win the Golden Broom&nbsp;– the "Stanley Cup" of the curling world&nbsp;– he actually hurled the curling stones into the waters of local Trout Lake. And he also threw away his chance at love, leaving his beautiful fiancée Julie Foley  standing at the altar. Although Julie survived Cutter's rapid retreat , he sank the sporting dreams of his three teammates and left them behind to fend for themselves. And they haven't fared too well: Neil Bucyk  is a dissatisfied mortician in a marriage as lifeless as his customers; James Lennox  is constantly courting trouble, and this time he's headed for a date with a thug who's tracking him down in search of payback; and Eddie Strombeck  can't impregnate his wife because of his single digit sperm count. But Cutter's former Coach&nbsp;– and Julie's father&nbsp;– has hatched an idea that just might change all their fates. Aided by his other daughter Amy , a single mother who battles alcohol alongside broken dreams, the Coach dreams up a plan that involves reclaiming the curling rocks from the bottom of Trout Lake. But while raising the rocks, the Coach dies of a heart attack. Returning for the funeral, Cutter grows nostalgic for Long Bay and those he left behind. But, it is not until he hears the codicil to Coach Foley's will that he becomes entangled in the dead coach's plan and is determined to stay. In the will, Coach Foley stipulates that he wants his ashes placed in the curling team's Copernicus stone; he wants Cutter to re-form the Long Bay Curling Club team; and moreover, he wants them to place his stone&nbsp;– now his urn&nbsp;– on the "button"  to finally win the Golden Broom. Realizing that the team needs a coach in order to win, Cutter calls upon an eccentric retired curling champion&nbsp;– his estranged father Gordon Cutter . Thus, these four men with brooms, along with their coach, set off on a comedic journey which takes them from frozen lakes to huge arenas, searching for perfect stones, lost loves, and second chances.