 Moe is on trial for assaulting Larry and Curly. Moe appeals to the judge , claiming he is a sick man who was instructed by his doctor to maintain peace and quiet. This peace is broken by Larry and Curly who are loudly rehearsing their "The Original Two-Man Quartet" routine. Moe cracks, and wraps Curly's trombone slide around the quartet's necks. Realizing Moe is in bad shape, Larry and Curly decide to take their ailing leader on a hunting trip to relieve his stress. Moe agrees, and the Stooges start packing. No sooner do they arrive in an empty cabin when a hungry bear devours some eggs and potatoes while Moe has his back turned. His nerves double frayed, Moe asks Larry and Curly to pursue the bear. With a fear of bears, he uses his sickness as an excuse not to help. Larry and Curly set the bear trap, but Curly gets caught in the trap, thinking the bear is attacking him. Larry tells him that it was only the trap. They find Moe, thinking he is the bear, and shoot him. Then they find out it is actually Moe. Curly drives them to the bear's cave, and eventually, Moe helps them hunt the bear. Larry spots some boulders and decides to barricade the cave and suffocate the bear, but accidentally knocks Moe out. Larry and Curly take him back to the Stooges' car. Then, they get back to work, blocking the cave, unaware that the bear has gotten out. Larry accidentally throws a rock at the bear. Curly finds him knocked out, thinking he is dead and calls Larry, then they put him in the car. Moe has revived and is frightened to see the bear in the car, so he escapes. The bear attacks Larry and Curly, first thinking they are hitting each other, then they think Moe is hitting them, then they find out that the bear has been attacking them, then they too escape, and the bear ends up behind the wheel of the car, and ultimately wrecks it. Back in the courtroom, Moe ends his story by concluding that he must go back to bed for six additional months. The judge takes pity on him, and finds him not guilty. The judge then returns Moe's axe, and Larry and Curly, who are disgusted with the verdict are chased out of the courthouse by the axe-swinging Moe.