{{plot}} The movie opens with Joe Tyler , a process server, a week late, serving a Mafia kingpin known as Fat Charlie  with a summons to appear as a witness in court, and his abrasive boss Ray  ridiculing him for such while complimenting his rival server Tony  for serving multiple targets in record time. Willing to give him one last shot, Ray gives Joe the assignment to serve British socialite Sara Moore  with divorce papers from her husband, Gordon , who is at his ranch in Texas with a mistress, Kate , while Sara vacations in upstate New York. While attempting to serve her, Sara is tipped off by Tony, thus revealing that the reason Joe has been failing is because Tony has been sabotaging his efforts. Eventually Joe does serve her, but is mugged by Fat Charlie's goons , leading to them taking his car. The two are forced to take the same bus, they enter a conversation where Joe tells her that, because her husband had the papers filled out due to Texas law, she stands to gain nothing from the divorce. After finding out that the typical "half of everything" law would apply if the papers had been served under New York law, Sara offers Joe a million dollars to serve her husband and rip up her papers. Although he'll lose his job, Joe agrees and the two set off to serve Gordon. When Ray hears of this, he tells Gordon and sends Tony off to re-serve Sara. Gordon in turn hires a bodyguard  to protect himself, and Joe, expecting Tony to tail him, leaves a set of bogus clues that lead him to Miami, Florida; Bangor, Maine; and then Amarillo, Texas; where he's shot in the back as he attempts to get on the grounds of the wrong ranch to try to serve the papers. Sara and Joe trail Gordon to his ranch, but Gordon evades them. Eventually they stay at a hotel where Gordon's mistress makes a new deal to Joe for one million dollars of the divorce settlement in return for Gordon's location. Joe agrees, but the entire deal is a set-up to get Tony into their apartment to serve Sara. Furious, Sara kicks Joe out. While Joe contemplates his lost fortune and budding love for Sara, he sees Tony's watch in the picture he took of him serving Sara, and calls Ray to inform him that Tony forgot to set his watch to the correct time zone, and thus the papers do not take effect until 7:04. With mere minutes until they both lose a fortune, Joe and Sara trail Gordon to a rodeo, where they evade Gordon's bodyguard and Tony in a motorbike competition. With seconds to spare before 7:04, Gordon is knocked out by a pack of beer dropped on his head by Sara, and Joe serves him under New York law which Gordon, finally accepting the loss, takes the serve as he's being photographed. Tony and Gordon's bodyguard are seen being carried out of the stadium, who Joe refers to as, "Guy who got ran over,"  and "Guy who RAN you over," . The film ends with Joe and Sara at Joe's dream vineyard, where they taste-test Joe's first bottle before going inside to have sex.