Using fossilized DNA, a scientist clones a prehistoric saberetooth cat. As the fearsome creature is being transported, it breaks free and begins stalking human prey. It first kills two vacationers, then begins to hunt a group of young hikers and campers in the nearby forest mountains. Catherine Viciy , the scientist who created it, and her colleague Anthony Bricklin , call in Robert Thatcher , a big game hunter and tracker, to find the animal, tricking him into believing it is an African lion. They go into the mountains to find the tiger and come across the cabin where the vacationers were killed. Catherine throws away Thatcher's satellite phone, knowing he had planned to notify the police and Animal Control. As they continue through the woods, the sabretooth kills Kara, a zoologist working for Catherine, and Thatcher declares he will kill the sabretooth no matter what. The next day, Thatcher starts seeing signs of campers' and sabretooth's tracks corresponding. One night, he hears a camper scream and leaves camp to investigate. He finds the camper's remains and later relates his fate to Casey, the leader of the group searching for him. After they return the group's camp, Trent, another senior guide, comes in screaming about the death of another camper and about seeing a sabretooth, to much shock and disbelief. Thatcher goes after it, but before he can kill it, Catherine shoots at it with a tranquilizer gun and misses, scaring it off. Thatcher is fired for trying to kill it instead of catching it but the sabretooth reappears and slowly kills Anthony, allowing Thatcher and Catherine time to escape. After they recover some of Thatcher's weapons, they head for a nearby mine where Thatcher instructs Casey and the remaining campers to hide and await his return. However, only Casey and Trent remain and the sabretooth has Trent trapped. Thatcher hands Catherine his rifle and tells her to shoot the sabretooth should it get past him, then he heads to an opening at the top of the mine. He and Casey hit the sabretooth with a tranquilizer and Trent escapes. After they are all outside, Thatcher sends them on and tries to kills the sabretooth, but finds that Catherine has unloaded his rifle. As he runs away, he falls and catches his foot in a bear trap. Casey and Trent find him and, after they make spears from saplings, they make it back to a lake where they find Catherine. After striking Catherine down for nearly getting him killed, Thatcher prepares to go after the sabretooth once more, but Catherine draws a revolver on him. Before she can kill him, Trent kicks the gun out of her hand, but is shot. The revolver slides down the cliff and the sabretooth reappears. Catherine tries to warn the beast off, but is killed by her own creation. Thatcher tricks the sabretooth into jumping on his spear and throws it down a ledge, killing it. Later Thatcher, Casey, and Trent head back to the summer camp where Casey works.