The film is set in 1958 and follows the story of two adolescent girls, Meg  and Susan  who, upon losing their parents in an accident, are sent to live with their Aunt Ruth Chandler , a sadistic psychopath, and their three cousins, Willie , Ralphie  and Donny . David, a young boy living in 1950's Indiana, is neighbor to the Chandlers. When Meg arrives, he is instantly infatuated, attracted by her innocence. Aunt Ruth allows the children of the neighborhood to travel freely in and out of her house, offering them beer and cigarettes. Meg quickly becomes a target to Ruth, who belittles her, making suggestions that she is a whore, and starves her. One day David arrives at the house to find Meg's cousins tickling her. She knocks Ralphie to the floor, wanting him to back off, and runs from the room. Ruth punishes Susan for Meg's actions, as Meg's cousins hold her back. Ruth then takes the ring that Meg wears around her neck, which belonged to her mother. A few days later, Meg stops a policeman and tells him what happened. As punishment, Ruth, her children and their friends tie Meg in the cellar with her hands over her head. They play a bizarre game of "confession," and when Meg has nothing to confess, she is stripped naked. They gag her and leave her there. That night, the boys sneak back downstairs, giving her water. They agree to loosen her bindings, but only if she lets them touch her. She refuses, but David loosens them anyway. A while later, Meg is untied but refuses to eat, claiming that her mouth is too dry from dehydration to swallow it without choking. Ruth again punishes Susan for Meg's disobedience. The kids of the town treat her like a play thing, beating, cutting and burning her. David tries to tell his parents, but can't. Police Officer Jennings  eventually arrives at the house, having had their suspicions raised after a local boy talked to them. However, they leave finding nothing. David decides that it is time for Meg to escape, and unties her, promising her he will leave her money in the forest for her to run away with. The next day, David descends into the cellar to find Meg tied to the bed, being raped by Willie. David tries to leave but Donny stops him. Donny steps forward, wanting to rape Meg as well, but Ruth does not want him to, considering it to be incest to have sex with her so soon after his brother. Ruth instead offers Eddie or David to take a turn with her. When David declines, Ruth heats a needle and carves a message on Meg's stomach, telling her that now she will never be able to be with a man. Ruth then decides that they should make Meg 'perfect' by giving her a clitorectomy, thus "destroying her desire for men forever." At this, David runs for the door, planning to escape and tell somebody. Several of the boys chase him, stopping him on the stairs. As one holds a knife to his neck, Ruth tells the boys to tie him up and says they'll "do something about him later" and one of the boys kicks him in the groin before turning their attention back to Meg. Bound on the floor, he can only watch helplessly as Meg is mutilated with a blowtorch. The next morning David awakes still on the cellar floor. He frees himself from his bindings, and finds Susan sitting with an unconscious Meg. Susan tells David that Meg did not escape the night that he untied her because she was caught trying to take Susan with her. Although David's plan was to come back for Susan after Meg escaped, Susan had told Meg that Ruth has been touching her on a regular basis to the extent of making her bleed, so Meg didn't want to leave her behind. Susan then tearfully insists that Meg should have just gone without her and saved herself while she could, but David tells Susan everything was going to be alright. David is afraid that Meg won't survive much longer without help, so he lights a fire in the cellar. As the smoke rises, Ruth enters the room and is beaten to death by David with Susan's crutch. Jennings arrives, taking Susan from the room and going for help. David retrieves Meg's mother's ring from Ruth, and gives it to her before she finally dies, her body finally succumbing to its wounds. As an adult, David reflects on how his past still haunts him to his present day, though as Meg taught him, "It's what you do last that really counts."