Butler Grosvenor  discovers at breakfast that the family silver has been stolen by the latest tramp, Ambrose, whom Emily Kilbourne  had taken under her wing as the chauffeur, in her latest attempt to reform fallen and destitute men, much to the exasperation of the rest of the family. A distressed Emily swears off taking in any more tramps to the delight of the rest of the family. However, later in the morning, a new dusty tramp Wade Rawlins  appears at the doorstep and is immediately adopted by Emily Kilbourne, despite the rude efforts of Grosvenor and Emily's daughters Geraldine "Jerry"  and Marion . Further attempts to convince Mrs. Kilborne to get rid of this latest tramp are blissfully ignored. The tramp, Rawlins , appointed as the new replacement chauffeur is set up in the servant's quarters. He is overheard talking to himself while cleaning up by the butler and suspected to be crazy. Jerry and Marion see the spruced up tramp looking the perfect gentleman and Jerry likes his later putting in place Jerry's arrogant wannabee boyfriend, Herbert Wheeler . They now have second thoughts when their father, Henry Kilbourne , who has returned from work tells Emily that he is putting his foot down and orders getting rid of the new tramp the next day. A comedy of errors, nighttime interludes with drunken family behavior, the arrogant boyfriend making a move at Jerry, follows with the rescue of the damsel in distress who has also somehow misplaced her keys where some delightful flirting ensues, resulting in Jerry falling in love with Wade. Marion also expresses a crush on Wade. The next day, Emily Kilbourne, despite orders to get rid of Wade, trains him to be a footman at the important dinner party that evening for Senator Harlan . That evening through a contrived prank by Marion, the new chauffeur and now footman is accidentally invited to the important dinner party for Senator Harlan, who takes quite a liking to him, as does his daughter Minerva . The next morning, the family finds Wade occupying the guest room. It is impossible to throw him out, as it is discovered that he is now a confidante of Senator Harlan and his daughter's target of affection. Jerry is consumed with jealousy, as she sees Minerva flirting with Wade at golf later that morning. After a fudge-making spat with Jerry, Wade takes the rest of the day off to settle his affairs. He has a strange interlude at a general store where the assistant George  thinks he is a ghost. Wade is nowhere to be found late in the evening when everyone has gone to bed, much to Jerry's dismay after waiting up to reconcile with him. The next morning at breakfast, the newspaper reports his death from a car crash, much to the shock and dismay of the family, the cook and the maid. After an epidemic of fainting seeing ghosts and pratfalls, Wade reappears, very much alive, to Jerry's immense relief.