{{Plot}} Eun-soo, a salesman, is driving his car along Highway 69 while talking to his girlfriend, Hae-young, on the phone. Hae-young is four weeks pregnant and tells him to come be by her side for the remainder of the pregnancy. But he tells her that his mother is ill and he has to visit her. They quarrel as Eun-soo is driving causing him to hit a rock and he passes out. When he wakes up he finds himself stranded in a dark forest. He sees a light that turns out to be the light from a lantern that a young girl is carrying. She helps him up and as they walk to her house, introduces herself as Young-hee. She leads him to a large house in the middle of the forest called the "House of Happy Children". Her parents, Man-bok, her older brother, and Jung-soon,her younger sister, are waiting on the porch when they arrive. The next day when Eun-soo woke up, he saw many sweets on the table, and the children were following every move he made. He decides to leave, but came back into the house because the darkness was quickly approaching. As he tried to get out of the house again, he discovered that the parents were leaving, and they tell him to take care of the kids. Soon he found out from their mother, who was hiding in the attic, that she and her husband were not their real parents. Their car broke down on the same highway where Eun-soo was stranded, and when they explored the woods, they met Jung-soon. She told him not to believe the children. The day after, it was snowing, and as Eun-soo makes his way out for the third time, he meets Man-bok and a couple walking towards the house. The husband was a deacon, who seemed very nice and got the children's sympathy, while his wife had a malicious aura about her. As Eun-soo kept looking for clues, he realized that the meat they ate for lunch and dinner was actually the cooked body of the missing 'father',and his wife had now turned into a china doll. He also noticed that the deacon's wife had disappeared after blaming Jung-soon for stealing her ring. At night, he sees Man-bok going into the woods. He goes to follow him, and makes a trail of breadcrumbs so he wouldn't get lost. He was surprised to learn that the deacon's wife had been turned into an oak tree. Man-bok finally stops in front of a mysterious door, leading into a room. Man-bok put down the notebook that he and his sisters were working on throughout the movie. As he heads through the door, his face changes to an old man's face. When he leaves, Eun-soo immediately goes into the room to find out what's going on. He looked over the notes in the notebook, and found out that the children were over thirty years old. Suddenly Young-hee comes in, apparently sleepwalking, and as they talk, Eun-soo looks at her face, which is now an old woman's face, which causes Eun-soo to back off in shock, and he hits the bookcases in the room, which causes all the notes to fall off the shelves. As he reads the notes, Man-bok narrates the story, revealing the reason why he wanted to get rid of the couple who used to be his 'parents'. While they were playing, Jung-soon accidentally stepped on shards of broken glass, and the husband did absolutely nothing, instead quarelling with his wife. This angers Man-bok, so he uses his powers to cut the husband's fingers, and drops them into the boiling pan. Since then the couple became aware of his powers, and tried not to mess up, or they would end up dead. Eun-soo sees more of the children's drawings in the notebook, such as a woman with her legs and arms cut, a woman turned into an oak tree, a woman in a dress with red crayons being splattered on her face, and a man who was dressed like him laying on the grass beside the red flowers he had seen on his way out. He realizes the notebook pictured his own story, and he knew he'd better stop the kids before they got bored with him and murder him. Meanwhile, Young-hee went back to the house after hearing Byun  singing. Eun-soo decides to go back too, and finds out Byeon is a leader of a religious cult who tried to kill the children,and he was holding Jung-soon hostage. He knocks Byeon out and asks the children what happened. As Young-hee begins the story, the scene turns into a flashback. The kids were living in an orphanage called "House of Happy Children". The caretaker was abusive, he raped the girls and beat up the boys. Man-bok tried to save his friend Seung-ho from being beaten up for spilling the food they were eating, but he failed and his friend ended up being locked in a dark room. Young-hee and Jung-soon once tried to run away, but then came back, ending in Young-hee being taken into the caretaker's room, to save Jung-soon from being raped. One Christmas Eve, they wondered if Santa Claus would give them presents, because they thought they weren't very good that year. This conversation leads Man-bok to activate his powers by blasting the TV, but he didn't realize until the next morning when Santa Claus did come, and told Man-bok and his sisters that their dreams would come true if they really wanted and imagined it, and he gave them a Hansel and Gretel storybook. They believed they must follow the story, even the part where Gretel kills the evil witch, and they think they must do this to all bad adults. The three of them then see Seung-ho being forced to get in a sack, where he is beaten to death. Man-bok feels that this must stop. He and his sisters sneak up to the locked room, and Man-bok is amazed that he can unlock the door by just imagining it. They try to give candy to their friends inside, but soon realize that they are all dead. Unfortunately the caretaker found them and was going to burn them in the fireplace, but they had had enough. Man-bok screamed , causing a whirlwind to kick up  which throws the caretaker into the fireplace, and Byun is stabbed to death. The winds stop, and the children ask Eun-soo to stay with them. But Eun-soo tells them that his loved ones are out there. He suggests taking the children outside with him, but they refuse, saying adults will always be bad. Eun-soo argued that if they kept doing what they were doing, they would be the bad adults too. Suddenly Young-hee whispers "Burn the notebook, so you can get out of here.", and before Man-bok can stop him, he does so. As the book slowly burned, Eun-soo glanced at the children, who were crying. The screen fades to black. Eun-soo wakes up in the place where Young-hee found him. He walks up the road and finds the cops, who tell him the tragic stories of Highway 69, and that they are amazed that he survived. One year later, on Christmas, Eun-soo has married Hae-young, and they have a baby boy. Hae-young asks Eun-soo to go buy milk. As he went out, he narrated about the story, wondering if it was real or if it was a dream. He has collected news clippings which show that Deacon Byun  was missing, so it seems to have been true. As he heads out, he finds a notebook - the same notebook that the children used. He is surprised, and as he leafs through the pages one by one, he finds them blank until the last page, which shows three children dressed like Man-bok, Young-hee, and Jung-soon all holding hands and smiling, meaning that they finally gave up and realized that they don't need parents to be a family. Eun-soo looks out the window, and outside in the snow, Man-bok, Young-hee, and Jung-soon turn around and make their way back into the woods.