Ambrose Wolfinger works as a "memory expert" for a manufacturing company's president; he keeps files of details about all the people President Malloy meets with, so that Malloy will never be embarrassed about not remembering things when meeting with them. Ambrose supports himself, his shrewish wife Leona, his loving daughter Hope , his freeloading brother-in-law Claude, and his abusive mother-in-law Cordelia. At the start of the film, two burglars break into Ambrose's cellar late at night, get drunk on his homemade applejack, and start singing "On the Banks of the Wabash"; Ambrose is forced to handle the situation, and he winds up being arrested for distilling liquor without a license. The next day, Ambrose  tells Malloy that Cordelia had died from drinking poisoned liquor, and asks for the afternoon off to attend the funeral; in fact, he wants to go to see the big wrestling match. Malloy, touched by Ambrose's tale, lets him go for the day, and Ambrose's immediate supervisor, Mr. Peabody, tells all the other employees the tragic news so they can pay their respects to the family. Throughout that day, Ambrose has one problem after another: He has encounters with ticket-writing policemen and cars that are parked too close to his; he finds himself chasing a tire along railroad tracks and narrowly avoids getting hit by trains; and while trying to get into the wrestling arena , he gets knocked down by a wrestler who is thrown out of the building by his opponent. Later that day, Ambrose comes home to find that Cordelia and Leona are furious about seeing Cordelia's obituary in the newspaper and receiving a huge amount of flowers, sympathy cards, and funeral wreaths. Furthermore, Peabody calls to say that Ambrose is fired because of his deception. Ambrose, who has been meek and mild through the entire film, finally has had enough, and in a rare moment of overt violence for Fields' characters, punches out Claude and frightens his wife and mother-in-law into hiding. The angry Ambrose wants to beat them up too , but soon he and his daughter leave the house to go live elsewhere. Later, Malloy demands that Peabody rehire Ambrose because no one else can figure out Wolfinger's filing system; Hope answers the telephone, and says  that Ambrose has a better offer from another company. After some bargaining, Ambrose is rehired with a huge raise in pay and four weeks' vacation. Meanwhile, Leona realizes that she still loves Ambrose, scolds Claude for his laziness, and stands up to her disagreeable mother. The film ends with Ambrose taking the family for a ride in his new car. Hope and Leona ride inside the car with him, while Claude and Cordelia ride in the rumble seat ... during a heavy rain.