Genetic engineers Clive Nicoli  and Elsa Kast  hope to achieve fame by successfully splicing together the DNA of different animals to create new hybrid animals for medical use. They have just created the second in a pair of hybrids; the new male specimen, Fred, is intended as a mate for the original specimen, a female called Ginger. After their success, Clive and Elsa want to use human DNA to create a hybrid that could revolutionize science and medicine, but are forbidden by the pharmaceutical company that funds their research called N.E.R.D. , instead mandating that their department be re-organized to focus on finding and extracting certain proteins from the creatures they have already created. Secretly, Clive and Elsa conduct their own experiments, blending human DNA with that of other animals. Although they initially plan not to bring the hybrid to full term, Elsa pushes the issue and persuades Clive to go along with it, in continued secrecy. The hybrid appears deformed and aggressive when it stings Elsa several times after "birth" with a retractable stinger in its tail. Clive and Elsa believe they have killed the hybrid only to discover that within the body was the true hybrid. After anesthetizing and examining the creature, they discover that she is aging at an accelerated rate. Clive is still adamant that the creature should be killed, but Elsa convinces him that it is too late, and points out that, since the hybrid is slowly dying anyway, they should take advantage of this unique opportunity to observe its complete life cycle. As time passes the creature grows and learns at an accelerated rate and the two scientists discover that she is capable of breathing amphibiously and can live underwater too. Elsa eventually names the creature Dren  which is spelled "nerd" backwards. Elsa refuses to let Clive refer to her as a "specimen." Due to Dren's demands on their time, Elsa and Clive begin to neglect their work, and fail to read the logs kept by the other lab technicians on the progress of their original hybrids, Fred and Ginger. At the highly publicized "unveiling" of the two specimens, instead of mating, as expected, Fred and Ginger violently kill each other, creating a public relations disaster for the N.E.R.D. company. It is subsequently discovered that the female hybrid Ginger had spontaneously changed to a male, but Elsa and Clive had failed to notice because they were so wrapped up in caring for Dren. Elsa forms a motherly bond with Dren. As their lab becomes more and more crowded and after Dren attacks Clive's brother/fellow lab technician Gavin , they move Dren to Elsa's late mother's farm. The audience learns that Dren has become carnivorous as she attacks and consumes a rabbit near the farm. As Dren grows into adolescence, she becomes moody and petulant. She becomes bored being locked up in the barn and wants to go outside, but Elsa and Clive refuse as letting her outside could expose her to other people. Soon, Clive realizes that the human DNA used to make Dren was not from a "Jane Doe" as Elsa had told him, but from Elsa herself. Eventually, Dren lashes out killing a pet cat out of spite and then assaulting Elsa as Dren suddenly develops retractable wings. Elsa reacts by reverting back to the role of scientist. She ties Dren up, refuses to speak to her , and removing the stinger from her tail. She then uses the living tissue from the stinger part of the tail to finally isolate and synthesize the protein they had been searching for. Soon after Dren jumps naked on Clive. He initially refuses her sexual overtures but they eventually have sex, only to be interrupted by Elsa. Clive follows Elsa back to their apartment, and they have a heated argument, in which Clive confronts her about having used her own DNA to create Dren. He accuses Elsa of never wanting a normal child because she was afraid of losing control, which was why she insisted on creating a creature in the context of a scientific experiment, where control could be assured. He says that the line between right and wrong has become blurred. The two finally decide to terminate the experiment and presumably end Dren's life. When they return to the farm, they discover that Dren is dying. Hours later, they bury her behind the barn. Soon afterwards, their boss William Barlow  arrives with Gavin. Due to the human DNA found present in the samples Elsa worked with to synthesize the new protein, Barlow had immediately suspected that some sort of human hybrid has been created. Gavin, aware of Dren's existence, had confirmed Barlow's suspicions. Just as Elsa is telling him that Dren is already dead, Dren attacks them, killing first Barlow and then Gavin. Clive and Elsa realize that like Ginger, Dren has spontaneously changed sex and is now male. Dren then attacks Clive, wounding him, and then hunts down Elsa and rapes her. He is interrupted by Clive who stabs Dren through the chest. Dren attacks Clive again, but Elsa hits Dren on the head with a large rock, knocking him to the ground. As she raises the rock again to deliver the fatal blow, Dren meets her eyes and she hesitates. In Elsa's moment of hesitation, Dren stabs Clive through the heart with his tail stinger , and Clive is killed. Elsa then slams the rock down on Dren's head killing him. In the final scene, Elsa is seen in an office with the head of the N.E.R.D. pharmaceutical company. The head of N.E.R.D. tells Elsa that Dren has turned out to be quite valuable as his body apparently contains countless chemical compounds and genes that have never been seen before. She says that the company will be filling out patents for years. She refers to the "very generous" amount of money that Elsa has been offered in exchange for her silence over Dren and for taking the experiment to the "next stage." Elsa appears to have already accepted the offer. She stands up and is revealed to be pregnant saying, "What's the worst that could happen?", calling back to a scene earlier in the film where the same phrase is used during unprotected sex between Elsa and Clive. This also opens the possibility that the father is Clive, not Dren.