Angarajyam, under King Lomapadan  is suffering from severe drought. There had been no rain for past 12 continuous years as the result of a curse by a Brahmin. The film begins with king Lomapadan's visit to Rajaguru  requesting him to return to Champapuri, the royal capital of Angarajya. Chitrangadan ([[Ashokan , the son of rajaguru was in love with Vaishali , daughter of a devadasi, which was against the social customs. Rajaguru had migrated away from capital with an aim of separating his rebellious son from his lover. Now, with the repeated requests from King, Rajaguru decides to shift back to Champapuri to perform a yagam to please Lord Indra, the god of rain. On the night of arrival at the capital, Rajaguru, gets a mystic vision, in which his guru advices him to bring Rishyashrungan , the only son of Mahirshi Vibhandakan to perform a mahayagam at Angarajyam. Only the son of Vibhandakan can now save the nation. Rishyashrungan is a teenager, living deep inside a dense forest, along with his father, who is famous for his spiritual powers. Vibhandakan had taken all care to keep his son away from the rest of the world, since the day he was born. Rishyashrungan had not met any human being in his whole life apart from his father, and is unaware of the world outside his ashram inside the deep forest. Lomapadan and his group of ministers decide to send a beautiful girl to seduce and bring Rishyashrungan to Champapuri. Rajaguru, who had a deep rooted anger against Vaishali  asks king to send her to the forest. Vaishali, daughter of Malini ([[Geetha , a famous dancer in the palace, is also the illegitimate daughter of King Lomapadan, which he is unaware of. Malini, on the demand of the king sets out with her daughter to the forest. While the rest of the team waits outside the deep forest, Vaishali sets in and meets Rishyashrungan and attempts to seduce him with her looks. He unaware of the existence of any human being on the earth, is easily carried away by her exotic looks. But by evening Vibhandakan smells out the trouble and warns his son about the danger. But the teenager is again lost by the charm of Vaishali. But soon realizing his mistake, Rishyashrungan decides to take up deep meditation to attain mental power to win over Vaishali, whom he mistakes to be a Mayavi, who had come to prevent him from gaining eternal happiness and salvation. Vaishali, who by now had started loving him seriously is completely broken by seeing him on meditation in midst of fire. She, in her final attempt starts dancing sensuously in front of Rishyashrungan, and succeeds in alluring and taking him to Angarajyam. But the boy hermit regains his sense at the boat and is about to curse her. Malini, by then begs for mercy. On seeing Malini, another woman, the teenager hermit is surprised. Vaishali explains her mission to Rishyashrungan and convinces him of his power to bring rain. They start back to the kingdom. They are welcomed royally at the capital. King Lomapadan welcomes Rishyashrungan personally and takes him to the stage where the yaga has to be performed. Malini, who by now is expecting the King to accept Vaishali as his child tries to move towards him, but is stopped by the Rajaguru. Rishyashrungan performs the yagam successfully, and it rains heavily by the time havan ends. The entire nation is now on joyous mood and they celebrate by singing and dancing. Vaishali and her mother Malini, are completely forgotten by the King now. The Rajaguru, by then advises the king to offer Princess Shanta , his daughter to Rishyashrungan, which means that the offspring of Rishyashrungan will rule Angarajyam after the time of Lomapadan. The King obeys the order and announces the marriage of the young saint and the princess, which is welcomed by the crowd whole heartedly. Vaishali, who, with in this time was completely in love with the saint is heartbroken. Her attempts to reach the king ends in vain and she along with her mother falls down on the ground. The mother is trampled to death by crowd. The crowd is no more bothered about them and the heavy rain continues.