Prince Derek's  and Princess Odette's  kingdom is preparing a celebratory Festival Days event. Unknown to them, the wicked sorceress Zelda , who was once a consort to the evil sorcerer Rothbart the Spell-Weaver , plans to wreak havoc to their kingdom by stealing the research documents used to create the Forbidden Arts. As part of her plan, she captures a yakey-bird named Whizzer  who has the amazing power and ability to imitate any voice after hearing it only once. Threatening his life, she sends Whizzer to the castle at Swan Lake as a spy. There, Whizzer overhears that in reality Derek did not destroy Rothbart's notes on the Forbidden Arts, thinking that someday he would use their limitless power and energy for good. Following a chase with Puffin, the information is passed back to Zelda, she goes to the castle dressed as a Swedish "accordion slave" from a fictional country called, "Chuten-Chuten-Doodang". The witch charms over Lord Rogers , who falls for her with humorous results. Derek's mother, Queen Uberta , who wants Rogers to be her dance partner in the Festival Days talent show known as "the lady in black", is annoyed with Zelda to the point of almost being jealous. Zelda is allowed to stay in the castle after she nearly injures her ankle , and that night Whizzer steals Rogers' keys so that Zelda can steal the treasure chest with Rothbart's notes. With the notes in her possession, Zelda leaves the castle via a green seeker. By the next day, the grief-stricken Rogers accuses the "wolf in Queen's clothing" Uberta of sending Zelda back to that "crazed accordion loving king" and remains in a motionless, heartbroken state. However, the Queen is determined to win the talent show, so she takes Rogers to her library to have him snap out of it. Zelda has the notes, but to her dismay, the last corner of the devastatingly destructive power and ability to destroy has been torn off, preventing her from gaining its full powers and abilities. After asking Whizzer what Derek said, the sorceress realizes that he did it. She commands Whizzer to send Derek a ransom note that she writes, while she uses one of her green seeker fireballs to capture Odette and bring her back. The seeker successfully brings Odette (and Jean-Bob  to Zelda's lair, and the witch ties Odette to a rock. When Odette attempts to escape with the note in hand, Zelda sees this from the reflection of the newly re-created orb and retaliates by transforming Odette into a swan and imprisons her and Jean-Bob in an orb of green fire. Meanwhile, Derek has received the ransom note and retrieves the missing Forbidden Arts note from a book in the library of his mother's castle, where she tries all afternoon to get Rogers to get over Zelda and literally back onto his feet. When Rogers hears about what has happened and finally comes to his senses, he rebukes Zelda as a "mean muffin". Puffin crosses paths with Whizzer and another chase ensues between the animals. Speed ([[Doug Stone  and Puffin  convince Whizzer to help them by telling him that there's no need to be afraid to do the right thing. Whizzer eventually agrees, and the gang head out to help Derek rescue Odette. By the time they are reunited with Derek, Zelda has obtained the last note and gains the full strength, power and ability to destroy. A battle ensues, during which Zelda conjures up a destroying red seeker fireball to destroy Odette. Odette flies away from the lair in a frantic attempt to escape the seeker. Willing to make amends for helping the witch, Whizzer distracts her by imitating Rothbart's voice , allowing Derek to snap Zelda's wand in two, and she falls back on her own green fireball she had imprisoned Odette and Jean-Bob in, and is destroyed. Puffin arrives to inform Derek that Odette hadn't been able to escape in time, and that she had been killed by the fireball. Devastated by his dearly beloved wife's death, Derek breaks down and cries. He destroys the Forbidden Arts notes by setting them on fire. The flames take on the orange-and-yellow fiery shape of a swan, and Odette materializes, having been returned to life by the Forbidden Arts. During the talent show, Uberta and Rogers' version of the tango ends in disaster as they both go right through the stage. Despite that, Uberta wins first prize. Derek and Odette watch from nearby, and Odette asks Derek to promise her that there is no more magic in the castle. Derek tells her "So long as you're here, Odette, there will always be magic," and the two romantically kiss, ending the movie.