Helen McCarter  and her husband Charles ([[Steve Harris , an attorney, had it all: money, success, and a fine home. Their lives were perfect—but they only looked perfect to the public. Helen is unemployed and Charles has been having multiple affairs. On their 18th anniversary, Helen awakens to find all of her belongings packed in a U-Haul truck with Charles kicking her out of the house in favor of Brenda , his young mistress, the mother of his two children. Helen kicks the U-Haul driver, Orlando  out of his truck and heads off to see her loud, sassy grandmother Madea , who takes her in and helps her get back on her feet, much to the dismay of Madea's brother Joe . Joe's son and Madea's nephew Brian  acts as Madea and Helen's attorney at trial when Charles and Brenda catch the women breaking into and vandalizing the mansion . Since Madea is a repeat offender, Judge Mablean Ephriam places her under house arrest and sets a $5,000 property or cash bond for Helen; meanwhile, Brian gets to the last straw with his drug-addicted wife Debrah  and kicks her out of their home. Helen learns to grow through her pain and is eventually ready to move on. Despite their rocky first encounter, she explores a second chance at love with Orlando . Their relationship blooms over the course of many months. Meanwhile, Jamison Milton Jackson  coerces Charles to be his attorney at his upcoming trial for shooting an undercover cop during a drug deal—and possibly bribe the judge in his favor. This forces the revelation that Charles received his money through drug deals and by buying off judges. During their divorce-court session, Helen decides to let Charles keep all the money and property provided that he pays Brian's attorney fees. She also wants Charles to pay for her mother's stay in the nursing home, since he was the one who forced her to put her mother there. Charles happily agrees. But Charles loses the shooting case; the jurors find Jamison guilty. As the bailiff leads the disgruntled Jamison out of the courtroom, Jamison snatches up the bailiff's gun and shoots Charles for failing to get him acquitted. Later, Orlando proposes to Helen, promising to take care of her and to love her forever. But before Helen can respond, she sees the shooting on the news and races to the hospital with Brian, where they run into Brenda. The doctor informs them that Charles was shot in the spine and could be paralyzed for life. When he asks if they should resuscitate him, Brenda quickly chooses to let him die but Helen, who is still Charles' legal wife, tells the doctors to do everything they can. Charles recovers, returns home with Helen, and resumes his verbal abuse of her. But Helen has had enough and retaliates for years of abuse in a few days. It is revealed that during Charles' hospital stay, Brenda cleaned out his bank account and left him, taking the children. The maid, Christina, left when Brenda didn't pay her, and all of Charles' friends turned their backs on him. Helen meets with Orlando and they argue when he learns she has moved back in with Charles and is looking after him; he angrily storms out of the diner. Charles finally realizes his mistakes and understands that Helen was the only one who truly cared about him, and he apologizes sincerely to her. She tends him through the grueling process of his recovery, and eventually he begins to walk again....during an emotional scene in church, in which Debrah, now clean-and-sober, reconciles with Brian and rejoins her family. Charles hopes he and Helen can start over, but during a family dinner she hands him her wedding ring and signed divorce papers and tells him she will always be his friend. She goes in search of Orlando, asks him to propose to her again, and when he does, she accepts. Orlando picks Helen up and carries her out of the factory as the screen fades to black.