When Thomas Dooley retires from the police force, he and Jerry Lee inadvertently are involved in an armed robbery at a high-tech computer lab. The burglars steal a valuable micro chip. Due to his presence at the crime scene, Dooley is considered a suspect and his pension is frozen until his name is cleared, leaving Dooley angry and broke. To raise some money, Dooley decides to breed Jerry with other dogs. This plan does not go as planned until Dooley meets Catherine Colman and her dog Molly. Having met with someone by the name of Maurice in regards to breeding Jerry Lee, Dooley is given an amount of money to aid in his retirement. Dooley is still being investigated by the F.B.I. and he does silly and funny things to them to get them out of the way. Jerry Lee starts feeling poorly, and it is revealed that his illness is due to having eaten one of the microchips during the robbery. Dooley takes him to the vet. Later Dooley gives Jerry a "Spicy" meal to make him feel better. Laura Fields comes to Dooley's house and she hires him to find her missing fiance. To aid his investigation, Dooley goes to the Police Station to talk to Carlos and Pete and even offers them doughnuts as an "incentive" to help. Captain Thomas finds Dooley at the police station, and isn't pleased by his snooping. However, Dooley later goes into the captain's office and uses his computer to search for information to help clear his name. He notes that there are active suspects: Billy Cochran and Charles Thyer. Dooley and Jerry Lee locate Billy Cochran at a party and give chase, but Cochran eludes them. Dooley trains Jerry Lee to use the cell phone in case of trouble. Elsewhere, Charles Thyer berates Billy Cochran for giving Dooley a lead, then kills him. Laura visits Dooley, and claims that Kevin was at her house saying horrible things, and apparently knew about her and Dooley looking for him. The next morning Captain Thomas calls Dooley to his office to figure out why he was looking Billy Cochran up on the computer. He then enlists Frankie the Fence to force Kevin to turn over the chip. Dooley discovers that Kevin Wingate is an alias for Charles Thyer, and that Laura was the mastermind behind the robbery. Dooley chases after Laura, and she is arrested by Captain Thomas's unit. The film then ends with Dooley, now with his pension, and Jerry Lee meet up with Catherine Colman and her dog Molly, where we find that Maurice has successfully delivered five German Shepherd pups, of which Catherine gives Dooley first pick. Following this Dooley and Catherine discuss names, which fades out and credits roll.