Burns plays the dual roles of both God and the Devil. The Devil — Harry O. Tophet — is a lively character, taking pleasure in petty acts of PG-rated malice . The story tells of a struggling rock singer/musician, Bobby Shelton , who cannot get a break. Bobby, desperate to support his wife and start a family, muses that he would sell his soul to the Devil to get ahead. The devil begins to appear to Bobby as a perspective agent called "'Harry O. Tophet" and offers Shelton a deal &mdash; seven years of unprecedented fame and fortune &mdash; at a meeting with a prominent record label. Shelton balks at the deal and so Tophet renegotiates claiming that it will be for a "trial period." Shelton signs the document, but his signature transforms into that of Billy Wayne, the last person to whom Tophet offered this deal and soon after Bobby realizes he has sold his soul to the devil. Shelton discovers that, though he now has the fame he wanted, he has lost his identity — he is now Billy Wayne. As such, his family is now someone else's — the former Billy Wayne, whose life Tophet now controls. He also discovers that his wife is pregnant with his child. Realizing that he is trapped, Bobby Shelton asks for help from God, who has been watching over him. God appears and offers to help. During a climactic poker game between God and the Devil over Bobby's soul, God raises the stakes. He claims he will stop protecting all those on "his list" in exchange for Bobby's soul . If God wins, the Devil would be prevented from meddling with any of those on the list, even if they beg for his assistance. Considering the loss too high, Tophet folds, and finds that God had been bluffing and that part of the reason he had intervened for Bobby was because The Devil had become too arrogant. Bobby rises from the floor of the dressing room, leaving behind the corpse of Billy Wayne who had committed suicide. In the end, God meets with Bobby and tells him about how his father once prayed for him when he was a sick child, and that since then, God has had an eye on him. After warning Bobby that next time, he will not bail him out, Shelton returns to happiness in a simple life with his loving wife and daughter. Years later, his daughter becomes ill and he says the same prayer that his father did. The movie ends with Bobby, God, and the spirit of Bobby's father singing to his daughter.