The film opens with 15-year-old Susan Bower on an alcohol and drug-fueled joyride with boyfriend Ricky and two other friends, which is intercut with scenes depicting testimony from teenage addicts in a drug rehabilitation program run by Dr. Royce. While foolishly attempting to drive with his eyes closed and both hands off the steering wheel, Ricky loses control of the car, causing it to skid on its side before overturning and landing all his passengers in the hospital . Once there, the presence of alcohol and drugs in Susan's bloodstream is revealed, much to the shock of her parents  and younger sister Kelly. After she is treated and released, Frank attempts to question Susan about what happened, and she tells him that while headed to the movies with a friend, they were picked up by two guys who gave them the alcohol and drugs that she consumed, supposedly not knowing the latter was actually methadrine, but emphasizes that she doesn't use drugs. Believing her apparent remorse to be sincere, Frank doesn't punish her, but later begins to doubt the validity of this story. Sure enough, Frank's suspicions are confirmed when a search of Susan's bedroom  uncovers her hidden "stash", which she claims to have been holding for a friend, when confronted about it. Not believing this story either, he promptly grounds Susan. Realizing their daughter is addicted, the Bowers later learn that Susan has been absent from school frequently for the past three months, and had been doctoring grades on the report cards she'd shown them. A visit to a psychologist proves of little help, as he merely characterizes Susan's drug problem as natural adolescence rebellion, and blames Frank for being controlling and constraining, thus prompting her to rebel. Things finally come to a head when Susan runs away and is found by police two days later on the family's boat, getting high with Ricky and two other friends. The next day, Frank and Helen tell Susan that it would be better if she went to a private school in order to get away for a while. Upon arrival at the school, however, Susan discovers that it's really Dr. Royce's aforementioned drug treatment program, where she is placed under the supervision of a fellow addict who has gotten far enough in her program to be trusted. One key requirement of both addicts in the program and their families is attending twice-weekly meetings, in which they confess the full extent of their drug use and their families have the opportunity to confront them. At the first meeting they attend, Helen is shocked to hear the story of a girl who prostituted herself for drug money and demands that Frank pull Susan from the program. However, he refuses, insisting that this is a wake-up call for their daughter. Meanwhile, despite giving her testimony the following week , Susan remains hostile towards all efforts to get her to open up and share her feelings, and later runs away. Having no idea where his daughter might be, Frank finally receives a phone call from Ricky, who promises to turn her over to him in exchange for some liquid cocaine. Once there, Ricky attempts to play hardball, but Frank steadfastly refuses to hand over the drugs until he gets Susan back. Desperate for a fix, Ricky finally relents and leads Frank to his daughter; Susan is angry and refuses to go back to the center, but Frank assures her that he's going to take her home. Afterwards, Ricky tells Frank that he owes him something, to which Frank replies by telling him to have fun, and tosses the bag of drugs into a fire before Ricky can get his hands on it. However, rather than taking her home, Frank brings Susan back to the center, promising to do so as many times as it takes. Once she has returned, angry at Ricky's betrayal and realizing just what her life has come to, Susan finally breaks down and gradually begins opening up with the rest of the group. A subsequent parents only meeting also makes Frank finally realize that Susan's addiction wasn't his fault and that she's getting the help she needs, while Helen also has an awakening regarding the matter. During a closed-door senior staff meeting, Susan's recent progress is considered, but it is questioned if it is enough for her to go home, as she requested. The subsequent parent-child meeting shows Frank admitting his initial denial to his daughter, believing there was nothing he couldn't fix and that he thought other kids did drugs, but not his kid. Afterwards, Susan shares with him the good news that she is coming home, and as the residents, staff and parents cheer, she runs triumphantly into the arms of her waiting family.