When Timmy learns his fairy godparents, Cosmo and Wanda, want a child, Timmy wishes for one of their own, against Jorgen's warnings. The fairy baby does not appear immediately; rather Cosmo becomes pregnant and eventually develops emotional swings. Despite his efforts to throw a "baby shower" for the expecting fairy, according to ancient traditions, Timmy is unable to tolerate Cosmo any longer and wishes for him to get lost. Angered, Cosmo poofs away, leaving everyone frightened. Timmy and the other fairies scour the Earth and the Fairy, Pixie, and Anti-Fairy Worlds to search for Cosmo. In the process, Timmy accidentally spreads news about the baby to Anti-Cosmo, whom in turn tells the news to the Head Pixie. As the anti-fairies and pixies head out to kidnap the baby, Timmy and Wanda find Cosmo "getting lost" in a meadow, before heading to the fairy hospital where Timmy wishes the baby was out. Anti-Cosmo and the Pixies, disguised as Dr. Rip Studwell and Jorgen respectively, along with Mama Cosma and Jorgen, all attempt to kidnap the baby. To save the baby from them, Cosmo and Wanda poof Timmy and the baby back home. Back at Dimmsdale, when Timmy is watching the baby in the meantime, Anti-Cosmo and Head Pixie manage to kidnap the baby from him. Timmy devises a plan to retrieve back the baby from the Anti-Fairy World, only to end up caught and trapped by Anti-Cosmo and Head Pixie. When they activate their machine that sucks the baby's magic, powering the Anti-Fairy World's central wand, which destroys both Fairy World and the Earth. Wanda feeds a bottle of milk to the baby, causing him to burp, which creates lightning that strikes Anti-Cosmo and Head Pixie, finally stopping their plans. Timmy feeds the baby a fireball burrito, causing him to break wind, acting as a time bomb, which restores the universe back to normal, with all troubles washed away. Jorgen departs with the baby to train its magic, though unaware he is holding a fake baby. Timmy and his godparents return to his bedroom, where they learn to get used to a new lifestyle with the baby, whom Timmy names "Poof".