Vamsi  lives with his family. Vamsi’s father is Muddu Krishna Rao , an affluent sari mandir owner. Vamsi’s friends are Sunil & Rajiv, an MLA. Vamsi falls in love with Bujji  at first sight but she doesn't see him. One day, Bujji meets Mr. Rao & his family, except for Vamsi, who then overhears his family talking to her, discovers that Buji is an orphan and stays in a hostel. Vamsi goes to the hostel and pretends to be a CBI Officer because he wants to talk to Bujji. To make a funny twist, he called Sunil and made him pretend as his assistant. After a while, Vamsi’s family finds out that Vamsi & Bujji love each other. Bujji doesn't have any knowledge that Vamsi is related to Muddu Rao and at the same time, his family also finds out that he is pretending to be a CBI Officer. Vamsi reveals to Bujji that he’s not a CBI Officer and became mad at him because he lied about it. Bujji then doesn't believe that he loves her and stops talking to him. The next day, Vamsi tries to talk to Bujji but ran over to Rajiv and asked him to tell Vamsi to leave her alone. Bujji doesn't have any knowledge about Vamsi's connection to Rajiv but secretly,he was happy because his friend loves Bujji. Rajiv made a scene to "arrest" Vamsi by his security guard just to please Bujji as she leaves with her friend, but behind her knowledge, everything was just a play for the friends. While Rajiv & Vamsi were talking, Veeraju tries to shoot Rajiv. Vamsi saves Rajiv’s life when the bullet goes into his shoulder as Veeraju escapes. A few minutes later, Panda & his friends are being mean to Bujji & her friend. Vamsi beats up Panda & his friends and defended Bujji as she fell for him again. Panda’s brother is Lal Mahankali , a gangster and two of his henchmen are Veeraju & Raghu. Lal sends a group of men including Panda & Veeraju to locate Vamsi. During the night, Vamsi & Bujji go to his house to celebrate her birthday. Bujji then discovers that Vamsi is in fact related to Muddu Rao as his father and to Rajiv & Sunil as his friends. At the beach, Vamsi talks to Bujji and they see Panda & his henchmen. Vamsi tells Bujji to escape as he fights Panda & his henchmen. When Vamsi goes to Lal’s residence,he tells them to back off. Vamsi leaves as the furious Lal still wants to get revenge. Lal & Raghu then talk to Rajiv and offers him money for him to betray Vamsi. Rajiv refuses to accept the money and at the same time refuses to betray his friend. Vamsi & Bujji went back to his family's house and was welcomed by his happy family when they heard that Vamsi wants to marry Bujji. They have decided that their engagement will take place at the temple. But when they arrived at the temple, Vamsi realizes that Lal, Panda, & their henchmen kidnapped Bujji. Vamsi then goes to Lal’s hideout and fights Lal & his henchmen. It so happens that Panda wants to molest Bujji but Vamsi saw them. Before he could go on, somebody stabbed him from behind. It is revealed that Rajiv stabbed Vamsi because Lal promised to make him a minister and stabbed him two more times. Lal & Veeraju are beating up Vamsi and Panda molesting Bujji, and just a few moments later, Veeraju decides to molest her as well. Bujji runs to escape but falls off a rock building. Vamsi & Bujji were unconscious after the fall. When Vamsi wakes up, he realizes that Bujji is still on the ground, motionless. Vamsi tried to wake her up but she is going to die soon. When Vamsi carries Bujji, he accidentally trips. Then Vamsi's family with Sunil finds the two on the ground both unconscious. At the hospital, Vamsi's family & Sunil find out the hurtful fact that Bujji is dead. When Vamsi wakes up,he sees Bujji but he doesn't know that he is in the state of hallucination. Nobody tells him about Bujji's death because he might die too. His family together with Sunil finds out that Rajiv backstabbed Vamsi and everyone managed to escape. Vamsi and his family moved out of their house as his father closes his businesses and started to live in another house. After 2 months later, Vamsi disappears. As Vamsi kills Veeraju, the watchman became a witness to the murder. Vamsi's family is happy because he is getting his revenge. One of the police officers Sayyaji Shinde, believes that somebody murdered Veeraju for revenge. Vamsi knows that Lal, Panda, & their henchmen are in Hyderabad. At the train station, Vamsi sees Bujji but doesn't see him as he hides from her. He then takes the train to Hyderabad. The witness tells Sayyaji that Veeraju’s killer is Vamsi, who also knows about Vamsi’s father. They find out that Vamsi’s house’s empty & Vamsi’s father's businesses got closed. When Vamsi goes to Hyderabad, he sees Bujji. Vamsi talks to Bujji, but Vamsi still doesn't know that Bujji's dead. When Vamsi & Bujji go to a hotel, they see Sunil. Sunil works in the hotel. Sunil still doesn’t tell Vamsi that Bujji’s dead. When Sunil goes to Vamsi’s room, Sunil’s shocked because Vamsi wants to get revenge. When Vamsi locates Raghu, Raghu escapes & informs Panda that Vamsi came to Hyderabad. Raghu & Panda inform Lal that Vamsi came to Hyderabad. Vamsi sees Bujji. Bujji wants Vamsi to buy ice cream. Vamsi's crossing the road, but Vamsi gets captured by Lal’s henchmen. At Panda’s hideout, Vamsi fights Panda & his henchmen. Raghu escapes. When Vamsi chases Panda, Vamsi grabs a sharp weapon. Vamsi gets hit by a car & Panda escapes. The driver accidentally hit Vamsi with the car. When Rajiv gets out of the car, Rajiv’s afraid because he sees Vamsi. Rajiv’s a Minister. Vamsi chops off Rajiv’s head. Sayyaji goes to Hyderabad because the Minister got killed. Sayyaji realizes that Vamsi killed Rajiv too. Sayyaji also realizes that Vamsi wants to kill Panda & Lal. Panda, Lal, Raghu, & Joe are inside an elevator. Panda & Lal see Vamsi. The elevator gets stuck because Vamsi wants to cut the wires. The elevator falls to the ground. Panda, Lal, Raghu, & Joe are still alive. The officers locate Vamsi’s family. At the hotel, Bujji realizes that Vamsi committed at least 1 murder. When the officers go to the hotel, they also realize that Vamsi’s in a state of hallucination. When Sayyaji talks to Vamsi’s family, Vamsi’s family talks about their past. Officer Mahesh informs Lal that Vamsi’s in a state of hallucination. Lal wants to talk to Vamsi before Mahesh kills Vamsi. When Lal uses his phone to talk to Vamsi, Lal lies that Bujji got captured. Vamsi beats up Mahesh & the other officers. Sayyaji's outside. Sayyaji wants Vamsi to kill Lal, Panda, & their henchmen. At Lal’s hideout, Vamsi kills Lal’s henchmen. Raghu's not at Lal's hideout. Vamsi fights Lal & Panda. When Lal says that Bujji’s dead, Vamsi yells & rips off Panda’s arm. Vamsi doesn’t believe that Bujji’s dead. Vamsi also kills Lal. Vamsi’s family & Sunil admit that Bujji died.