Nick O'Bannon, a college student, watches a race at McKinley Speedway for a study break and while watching the speedway race Nick suddenly has a premonition in which a number of people die when the Speedway collapses following a crash. Nick panics, persuading his girlfriend, Lori Milligan their friends, Janet Cunningham and Hunt Wynorski, security guard George Lanter, mechanic Andy Kewzer, mother Samantha Lane, racist tow truck driver Carter Daniels, and Andy's girlfriend Nadia Monroy to leave, escaping seconds before Nick's vision becomes a reality. As Nick is explaining what he saw to the survivors, a stray tire flies off the stadium and obliterates Nadia in front of the others. Just days after the disaster, Carter attempts to burn a cross on George's front lawn, but it backfires when his truck starts to move, and as he chases after it, his foot gets caught in the chain, dragging him along with the truck before he gets set on fire and then the truck blows up, killing him. His scorching head falls right beside George, who came out to see what was going on. The next day Samantha dies after her eye gets perforated by a stone propelled by a lawnmower outside the beauty salon. When Nick and Lori hear of the deaths, they research about premonitions and learn about the previous disasters then they realize that Death never meant for them to survive and is now coming for them. While Janet and Hunt refuse to believe, Nick convinces George and Lori to help him foil Death's plan. The group tries to save Andy, but he is killed after a carbon dioxide tank drives him to a chain-linked fence, but Nick gets new visions and they split up to save Hunt and Janet. Lori and George successfully rescue Janet from a malfunctioning car wash, but Nick arrives at the pool too late to save Hunt, who dies when he's unable to pull himself free from the bottom of the pool, when attempting to retrieve his quarter that fell in, as the drain disembowels him. George considers suicide but is unable to kill himself, leading the survivors to believe that saving Janet had stopped Death's plan. Nick decides to take Lori on a holiday, but she has already gone to the mall with Janet. While at the theater, Lori begins to see odd warnings suggesting they are not out of danger as Nick realizes that there was another survivor: Jonathan Groves. Jonathan is crushed by a bathtub just before Nick and George can make it to the hospital, and George is run over by an ambulance shortly thereafter. Left on his own, Nick arrives at the theater just in time to save Lori from an explosion that kills Janet and several others. However another explosion causes the mall to collapse, and Lori is annihilated by the escalator. Just as she dies, Nick awakens outside the hospital and realizes it was all a vision, but is not able to save George from his fate. Thanks to his vision, Nick is able to locate the source of the initial explosion and extinguish the flames. Two weeks later, the trio celebrates their survival in a cafe. Nick notices the omens surrounding him, and begins to think that perhaps they were never meant to die in any of the earlier accidents. And that their deaths were to happen somewhere else since the beginning. Then he notices the words "It's coming" on the table are crossed out, revealing underneath his cast are the words "It's here". As he says tells this to Lori and Janet, a series of events cause a semi to crash through the front of the cafe while avoiding a falling window cleaning structure. Shown in X-Ray vision, Janet is run over, breaking her skull and crushing her back, Lori's head is chopped off, and Nick is thrown into the wall, breaking his jaw, snapping his spine, and losing all of his teeth, leaving no survivors of the McKinley Speedway incident. The movie ends as Nick's broken teeth fall on the ground, and one of the broken teeth, is seen bouncing, and which flies at the screen.