Lian Nichang felt betrayed by her lover, Zhuo Yihang, and has since morphed into a vicious White-haired Witch. She builds a feminist cult that accepts women who were exploited by men. Its members include Chen Yuanyuan, who was betrayed by Wu Sangui. Meanwhile, Zhuo Yihang awaits on a snow-capped mountain for a rare flower to bloom, as he believes that it can turn Lian Nichang's hair black again. Lian Nichang vows to kill the surviving members of the eight major martial arts sects, who view her as their sworn enemy after she killed their seniors. Feng Junjie, heir to the Wudang Sect's leadership position, marries Yu Qin with the elders of the other sects as the matchmakers. On the wedding night, Lian Nichang appears and kidnaps Yu Qin, leaving behind a trail of destruction and corpses. Feng Junjie survives the massacre and plans with the survivors to infiltrate the Witch's base and rescue his wife. Meanwhile, Lian Nichang brainwashes Yu Qin through a series of rituals and makes her see her husband and the eight sects as foes. Feng Junjie and his companions confront the Witch and her followers in a battle but are defeated and only Feng and his friend are left of the group. They travel to the mountain in search of Zhuo Yihang, who is the only person that can prevent the Witch from continuing with her brutal massacres. After enduring hardship, they did not find Zhuo Yihang and decide to return to the Witch's base in a final attempt to save Yu Qin. Feng Junjie is no match for Lian Nichang and is almost killed by her when Zhuo Yihang suddenly appears and stops her. Lian Nichang uses her hair to pierce through Zhuo Yihang's body, critically wounding him, but she refrains from killing him as her hatred towards him gradually subsides. Just then, Chen Yuanyuan stabs Lian Nichang for betraying the cult's founding principles, causing Lian to pull her hair out from Zhuo Yihang's body, but Lian kills Chen as well. The film ends with the deaths of Zhuo Yihang and Lian Nichang, who finally forget their past feud and are laid to rest together as lovers. On the other hand, Feng Junjie is reunited with his wife, who has recovered from her trance.