The film takes place on an American Naval cargo ship, the USS Reluctant, during the waning days of World War II. The ship’s captain, Lieutenant Commander Morton  is proud of his spotless record supplying the U.S. fleet. An unpleasant and uncaring man, Morton's command style shows little concern for the crew’s working or emotional comfort. His executive officer/cargo chief Lieutenant JG Douglas Roberts , an able and efficient officer who has an excellent relationship with the crew often bending Morton's draconian rules to allow them some leeway. In recognition of the Reluctant's service Morton receives a palm tree which he cherishes and keeps near the ship’s bridge. The crew despises both the tree and Morton as it is widely known that Roberts and not Morton is responsible for the ship's efficiency. Roberts has grown tired of his dull duties as a cargo officer. Embarrassed that he’s stuck in a tedious job in a safe rear area while other men are risking their lives, he repeatedly requests a transfer to a unit on the front lines of the Pacific theatre. Morton however, also aware that Roberts is responsible for the ship's sterling record, consistently refuses to endorse the transfer but by regulation must forward the letters up the chain of command. Since there is little hope for an officer who requests transfer with his captain's disapproval, Roberts is consistantly denied his request by the admirals. Mr. Roberts becomes increasingly frustrated in his requests for a transfer and his letters begin to include descriptions of disharmony aboard the ship, much to Morton's annoyance. Roberts shares quarters with Ensign Frank Pulver , an extremly lazy and self-serving junior officer in charge of laundry and morale. Pulver rarely leaves his quarters spending most of his time idling in his bunk. Pulver is intimidated by Morton and avoids the captain at all costs, so much so that Morton even forgets that Pulver is part of the crew. Roberts bypasses the chain of command to surreptitiously request crew liberty from one of Morton’s superiors. Liberty is granted and the ship sails to a South Pacific island, but Morton denies the crew their shore leave. Roberts angrily confronts the captain. Morton shows Roberts a Commander's hat with gold braids on the visor and states that if the ship continues to set cargo records the admiral will give Morton a promotion to [[Commander  he must more firmly handle the crew. Roberts reluctantly acquiesces so the crew can have their much needed liberty. On liberty the ship’s crew lets loose after months of pent up frustration. They act deplorably and many are arrested and hauled back to the ship by the Army's military police. Eventually, a large unit of the Navy's shore patrol arrives and surround the ship locking it down. The next morning after a dressing-down by the port admiral, Morton boards the ship irate after being ordered to leave port immediately. The men of the ship are mystified by Roberts' new strict attitude. Morton misleads them into thinking that Roberts is interested in a promotion. When a crew member informs Roberts of a new Navy policy which might assist him in getting a transfer despite the captain's opposition, Roberts responds sharply and refuses to take advantage of it. Roberts' becomes aware that his rapport with the crew has been affected. News of the Allied victory in Europe arrives and Roberts becomes further depressed, knowing the war may end soon without him seeing combat. Inspired by a patriotic radio speech celebrating VE Day, Roberts' mood breaks as he throws the captain’s prized palm tree overboard. The captain discovers that the palm tree is missing a short time later and with apparently no-one to blame orders the crew to battle stations. He eventually realizes that Roberts is the only person aboard who would have the nerve to make such a bold move. Morton summons Roberts to his quarters and begins accusing him, but Roberts calmly denies any involvement which escalates Morton’s anger to the point of illness. Because a microphone has been left open during the confrontation, the crew overhears the conversation and learns the Roberts has sacrificed his own chance at transfer for their comfort. Weeks later, Roberts receives a transfer that he didn’t request. The ship's doctor confides to Roberts that the crew risked court-martial by submitting a transfer request with Morton's forged imprimatur. Before Roberts leaves, the crew makes and presents him a home made medal, the Order of the Palm, for "action against the enemy". Several weeks later Ensign Pulver, who has been appointed cargo chief in Roberts absence, receives a pair of letters. The first is from Roberts, now aboard the destroyer USS Livingston, who speaks enthusiastically about his new assignment on the front lines near Okinawa, and his respect for the men on the Reluctant for refusing to surrender to tedium or to Morton's bullying. He goes on saying that he is looking at the medal and would rather have it than the Medal of Honor. The second letter is from "Forenel" a friend of Pulver’s on the Livingston informing him that Roberts had been killed in a kamakazi attack shortly after the first letter was written. A furious and emboldened Pulver throws the captain’s replacement palm tree overboard and marches into Morton’s cabin, angrily demanding to know why Morton has cancelled the showing of a film that night. Morton slowly shakes his head in chagrin that his command difficulties haven’t changed a jot.