Walter , a convicted child molester, returns home to Philadelphia after serving 12 years in prison. Now that he is out of prison, Walter must learn to endure solitude, ostracism and the contempt of a community, while also learning to avoid any temptations and overcome his compulsions. His friends and family have abandoned him, with the exception of his brother-in-law, Carlos . Walter's apartment is just across the street from an elementary school--an obvious source of temptation. He gets a job at a local lumber mill and meets Vicki , one of the few women working there. After sleeping with Vicki, Walter reveals his history of molesting little girls. Vicki is clearly shocked and disturbed by this new information, but before she can consider how to respond to it, Walter orders her out of the apartment. Walter receives frequent visits from a suspicious, verbally abusive and provocative police officer named Lucas . Lucas makes it clear that he is waiting for, in his opinion, an inevitable recurrence of the incident for which Walter served his prison sentence. Watching the school, Walter sees a man offering candy to the children in an apparent effort to gain their confidence. He realizes that this man, who he nicknames "Candy" ([[Kevin Rice , is another child molester. Walter also meets an apparently lonely young girl named Robin  who is a bird-watcher. Walter sees Candy abduct one of the children; however, he does not report this to the police. A visit from Lucas, who is unaware of the crimes committed near the school, takes its toll upon Walter's morale. Walter's life takes a further downturn when a suspicious and nosy co-worker Eve learns of his conviction and alerts the entire mill. Some of the employees nearly beat Walter, but he is defended by Vicki and the boss of the mill. Several co-workers resign in disgust, unwilling and/or unable to give Walter a second chance. Ostracised and frustrated, Walter leaves his workplace and goes to the park. Vicki, fearing the worst, begins to search for him. Walter ends up meeting with Robin at the park. As they talk, he begins to succumb to his desires and invites Robin to sit on his lap. She politely refuses, but then begins to confide in him. As she begins to cry, Walter realizes that she is being abused by her father. In her anguish, and sensing a similarity between her father and Walter, she offers to sit on Walter's lap wanting his approval. Overcoming his compulsion, Walter tells her to go home and as she leaves, she gives him a hug. On his way home, he sees Candy dropping off a young boy near the school at night. In a fit of rage and self-hatred, Walter gives him a thorough beating. Afterwards he goes to Vicki's home, and she accepts him. Soon after, Lucas visits Walter's apartment as he is packing to move in with Vicki and tells him that a man was beaten across the street the night before, and asks if he knows anything about it. Walter denies any knowledge, but Lucas knows better. He reveals that the boy gave a very good description of the assailant, which fits Walter. He also reveals that "Candy" is wanted in Virginia for raping a young boy. Lucas decides not to charge Walter with the assault. With Carlos' help, Walter is later reunited with his sister who he hasn't seen in years. She refuses to forgive him and leaves. As the movie closes, in a voiceover discussion in which his therapist ([[Michael Shannon  tells him that eventual forgiveness may take several years, Walter replies that he understands and that he accepts her anger. He also expresses optimism for his own future.