Leonard Borland ([[Paul Douglas  lives and works in New York City as a wrecking contractor, married to socialite Doris . Even though&nbsp;– according to her husband&nbsp;– she has no singing talent, Doris considers herself an aspiring opera singer and regularly pressures Leonard to accompany her to operas. Already dismayed by his father-in-law Major Blair's  insistence that Doris takes some singing lessons, Leonard further estranges from Doris when her career takes off. Despite financing her recital and arranging an important critic to watch her performance, Doris shows no gratitude. Meanwhile, successful opera singer Cecil Carver  is complaining about being unable to locate a suitable baritone for her new production, when she and the critic are suddenly rushed to Doris's opera performance. Cecil is not altogether impressed with the newcomer's talent and invites Leonard to her apartment to share her opinion. The two quickly hit it off and share a passionate kiss. Then, she finds out that Leonard, unlike his wife, has a powerful voice, and immediately assigns him to her production under the name 'Logan Bennett'. Doris is too busy training with her mother  and vocal coach to note what her husband is being up to, and believes that he is on the road for his wrecking career. While on tour, Cecil attempts to seduce him, but Leonard, still much in love with Doris, rejects her. Back in New York, Leonard learns that Doris is now under medical care for shock treatment, caused by a disastrous booking at a movie palace. Even though she decides to terminate her music career, she agrees to guest a cocktail party for celebrities. Noticing Leonard's uncomfortable reaction to Cecil's presence at the party, Doris realizes that she might be her husband's mistress. Cecil is disappointed that Leonard pretends not to know her, and assures Doris that she is not attracted to him whatsoever, and only knows him through the opera. The audience, dumbfounded by the revelation that Leonard is an opera singer, demand for him to perform at the party. Humiliated by his betrayal, Doris orders Leonard to leave her. A few days later, Leonard resides penniless in a hotel and finds out that Doris currently lives in Palm Beach. Pressured due to financial troubles, Leonard accepts a steady opera job. At his debut, attended by Doris and her parents, he is surprised by sudden stage fright. An irritated Cecil and her assistant give him some pills and a potion, causing him to feel sick, and fall from the stage for the entire audience to witness. Much to the audience's amusement, he misses his cue and screws up the entire production. He ends his embarrassing performance by falling into the orchestra pit, prompting a livid Cecil to order him to leave. Doris, feeling for her estranged husband, rushes backstage to reconcile with him. Returning home, they find out that Leonard is offered a lucrative wrecking contract.