Zach  is an aspiring artist living in San Pedro, California, who has put off his dreams of going to art school in order to work and help his older sister Jeanne , his disabled father, and his five-year-old nephew Cody . Working as a short-order cook to make ends meet, Zach escapes during his free time to paint, draw murals, surf, and hang out with his best friend Gabe ([[Ross Thomas , as well as with his on-again, off-again girlfriend Tori . When Gabe’s older brother Shaun ([[Brad Rowe  comes back home from Los Angeles for a few weeks, Zach and Shaun develop a close friendship as they go surfing together. Shaun, who is a published writer, encourages Zach to take control of his life and pursue his ambition of going to CalArts, a large university of the arts. One night after drinking Zach and Shaun share a kiss, however Zach is not prepared to give in to his feelings immediately. Nevertheless, their friendship soon develops into a romance, while at the same time Shaun builds a strong bond with Cody. When Jeanne learns that Zach has been spending time with Shaun, she warns Zach that Shaun is gay and to keep Cody away from him. Though his sister is reluctant to accept that Zach himself might be gay, both Gabe and Tori are supportive. Zach and Shaun's relationship is then strained by his sense of obligation to support his family versus his relationship with Shaun and his desire to pursue his own dreams. Zach is confused as to what he really wants. Shaun secretly submits Zach's art school application, and Zach is eventually accepted on full scholarship. When Jeanne's boyfriend Alan  gets a job in Portland, requiring her to move and leave Cody behind with Zach, Zach is forced to decide between putting others first and neglecting his own dreams—as he has always done—and fighting for what he truly wants, both for himself and Cody. He finally discovers that affirming his love for Shaun and going forward with his art career ends up providing the best solution to his dilemma. The film ends with a scene of Zach, Shaun, and Cody playing together on the beach as a family.