Paul Blart ([[Kevin James  is a mild-mannered, overweight man who takes his job as a security guard at the fictional West Orange Pavilion Mall in West Orange, New Jersey very seriously. Blart lives with his elderly mother, Margaret  and daughter, Maya , and dreams of being able to join the New Jersey State Police, but he always fails his entrance test due to his hypoglycemia. While on patrol at work daily, Blart notices a new wig kiosk and its vendor, Amy Anderson  and is instantly attracted to her. Back at base, Blart has to take his trainee, Veck Simms  out on patrol. At the end of his shift, Blart becomes acquainted with Amy and escorts her to her yellow Ford Mustang convertible. Amy invites Blart to join her and others at a party in the mall later that evening, and Blart accepts and attends the event. During the event, Blart gets extremely drunk after drinking too much margarita during a nacho-eating contest with his equally overweight friend, Leon , crashes the party, and eventually falls through the mall's window. On Thanksgiving, Blart feels as though he embarrassed Amy and that she doesn't like him anymore. Maya attempts to cheer him up. On Black Friday at the mall, Amy and the rest of Blart's friends are in the bank to cash their paychecks. While the crowd is filing out, a gang of criminals suddenly break through the service entrance and take over the mall with Blart being distracted by playing Rock Band in the arcade zone. The criminals clear the entire mall, placing motion sensors along every entrance and exit doors, and kidnap Amy and the rest of Blart's friends and holds them hostage inside the bank. Veck is revealed to be a double agent and the ringleader of the hijackers, and plans to use the credit card codes from all the stores in the mall to steal $30 million and fly to the Cayman Islands to take the hostages with him at gunpoint. As Blart leaves the arcade, he notices that the entire mall has been taken over and calls the police, who later show up outside the front entrance of the mall. Sergeant Howard  instructs Blart to leave the mall immediately, but when Blart unknowingly sees Amy's car in the parking lot, he realizes that Amy is still inside as a hostage, and decides to rescue her and the rest of his friends. A state SWAT team soon arrives and Commander James Kent , a classmate and bully from Blart's high school, takes control of the situation. Meanwhile, Blart is vastly outnumbered and physically outclassed, but fights against the gang members through improvised measures. Maya shows up at the mall to bring Blart his dinner, but Veck's henchmen kidnap her and holds her hostage as well. After Blart detains all of Veck's underlings, he attempt to extract the hostages by pulling them up via the airvent, but fails after Leon cannot fit, and when Veck enters the room, Blart is captured. Veck demands the credit card codes and forced Blart to give them up. Veck escapes with the codes and takes Amy and Maya with him at gunpoint. As policemen swarm the entire mall to apprehend the criminals and rescue the hostages, Blart steals the mall's display minivan and joins Kent in pursuing Veck to the airport, where Veck attempt to escape in a Cessna Citation III business jet along with Amy and Maya. After a brief fight, Blart overpowers and handcuffs Veck, but Kent pulls his gun on Blart by revealing himself as a mole in the SWAT team and had worked with Veck for the whole time. Kent demands Blart to give him the phone containing the codes, but Blart refuses and smashes it on the ground. Before Kent can kill Blart, Chief Brooks , who had stayed at the mall with the other policemen throughout the standoff, shot Kent in his arm; the police arrive at the airport, where they finally arrest Kent and rescue Amy and Maya. The next day, Blart gives Amy a birthday card and kisses her. Although Sergeant Howard offers Blart his job with the New Jersey State Police, Blart decides that his place is protecting the people at the mall with Amy and the rest of his friends. A final scene during the closing credits finds Blart and Amy getting married in the mall and riding a Segway PT together.