Lucky  is a con man, hoping to retire with his girlfriend Lara  after one last job. Unfortunately for him, things do not go as planned and he becomes involved with a ruthless killer Billa . Lucky steals 2.5 million from Billa. But Lara steals it from him instead. He, then, comes to know that his friends have been murdered. Billa tracks Lucky down. But Lucky is able to strike a deal. He is to go to Goa and meet Jacko  and sell him a bag of unknown contents. He then meets Jacko and sets a rendezvous. On his return to his hotel he comes across a Police inspector  who seems to have become suspicious of Lucky. In a small restaurant he sights a dancer . He follows her and gets an opportunity to meet her when her car breaks down. He offers her a lift home. She introduces herself as Sam. When her husband, Lukka  shows up, they retrieve her car from the road, and go home. That night Lucky arrives in a disco to meet Jacko again. Here he again comes across Sam. After getting the money, Lucky prepares to leave the next morning. Sam arrives at Lucky's hotel to meet him. But their meeting is cut short when Lucky notices the same inspector. He tells Sam to hide and hides the bag of money in the vehicle of an unsuspecting motorist. By the time Inspector leaves, the vehicle with the money is gone. Meanwhile, Billa tracks down Lara, gets the money back and kills her. While Billa conceals the fact that he has his money back, Lucky conceals that he has lost the money. He again comes across Lukka. It turns out that he wants Lucky to kill Sam and in return Lucky would get 25 Lacs. Ironically, Sam meets Lucky and sets up a deal that if Lucky would kill Lukka she will pay him 25 Lacs. Both of them want the work done that night. Lukka attempts to assault Sam and Sam accidentally shoots him dead. Lucky, however, gets the money and both try to get out of Goa. But the inspector is following them. Sam identifies the inspector as Lukka's brother Tiger and the 25 lacs actually belong to Tiger. Lucky somehow shakes Tiger off his pursuit, and hides the money. The next morning she is nowhere to be found. Lucky desperately searches her and when he finally finds her he realizes that he has fallen in love with her. Suddenly they are attacked by Inspector Tiger with his police force. Lucky is running out of ammunition when Billa arrives and shoots down all the police officers. Tiger, however, manages to escape by making Sam his hostage. At gunpoint Lucky agrees to take Billa to the place where the money is hidden. When they reach the platform, Lucky finds that Tiger has discovered the money. A fist-to-fist duel ensues between Tiger and Lucky but Billa intervenes and strikes a final deal. Both Lucky and Tiger have to walk on two parallel railway tracks blindfolded. The person towards whom the train comes is gone....If Lucky survives then he will get the girl while Billa will take the money, but if Tiger is saved he gets the money and Billa will take the girl. The train however changes tracks at the last moment and heads towards Lucky. Sam screams in horror and pleads Billa to let her go. From Sam's scream Tiger comes to know that Lucky is doomed. He takes off his blindfold and waves a farewell at Lucky. But he is promptly shot dead by Billa . He then allows Sam to run to Lucky and try to save him. She does pull him off the tracks before the train could reach him. Billa smiles and rides away on his bike. After going a short distance, he stops and drops the bag to ground in a brief act of generosity and then goes away.