A psychiatrist, Dr. Park , interviews Arthur Poppington  in a psychiatric evaluation. At first he is confused, but he slowly opens up to Dr. Park, recalling an incident in which he assaulted Mr. Debrofkowitz, the owner of a dry-cleaning service. He starts his story one night where he not is investigating shipment docks, and assaults a police officer who claims to be working undercover. Dooney  is a corrupt detective whose crack smoking, and having a prostitute in his company, leads Defendor to believe that he is under the employ of his arch nemesis, named Captain Industry. After leaving Dooney, he goes to a coffee shop while his description goes out on an APB. A nearby policeman hears it on his radio, and Poppington is arrested. The captain in charge, Fairbanks , sparks a kinship with Poppington because both of their grandfathers had served in the war, a subject which came up upon Fairbanks recognizing the trench club that Poppington uses as a primary weapon. After releasing him, Arthur takes his weapon back and disappears. It becomes apparent that Arthur lives alone in the government construction department that he works at during the day. His life is very solitary, but after another confrontation with Dooney, he meets Angel , the prostitute who was smoking crack with Dooney. He is brutally beaten by Dooney's friends and she helps him recover. He learns that she is aware of Captain Industry's whereabouts and he allows her to live with him because with Dooney mad at her, she has no place else to go. For $40 a day, he enlists her help in apprehending Industry. It is also revealed that Poppington's mother Fay had left him as a child, and drug abuse and possibly prostitution killed her some years later. His grandfather said that the "captains of industry" killed her. As a child he misinterpreted and got the impression that one man was responsible. Angel later reveals that she had been lying about her name. Her real name is Katerina Debrofkowitz. Arthur's boss and close friend Paul ([[Michael Kelly , becomes concerned that Arthur is living at the construction depot with a prostitute. Paul tries to help Arthur, and offers him the opportunity to come and live with him and his family. Arthur rejects the offer. Paul gives Arthur a cell phone in case he is ever needed. That night, Arthur ventures out to spy on "Captain Industry" and Dooney in a meeting, but accidentally makes himself known. After a short chase Arthur calls Paul's line before he is shot by one of the henchman's machine guns, Paul forces Angel to take him to where Arthur was supposed to be that night, and they call the paramedics. While undergoing surgery, Paul orders Angel to leave Arthur alone. They are relieved when they find out that he was shot with training bullets. Before leaving, Angel visits Arthur, who is lying unconscious in recovery. She reveals that she ran away because her father was physically abusing her. After she leaves, Arthur opens his eyes, having heard everything. Angered at how Angel was treated, Arthur walks down to the mall in his hospital robes, beats up Mr. Debrofkowitz at his store, throws him through the glass window of his shop, and stuffs him into a garbage can. After Dr. Park absorbs the story, she tells Arthur that what she admires most about him is his honesty, although she also says that there are better ways of dealing with someone like Mr. Debrofkowitz. A hearing prior to their meeting revealed that Paul came to defend Arthur after the issue at the mall, telling him about Arthur's delusions of being Defendor, and the judge mandated a psychological evaluation to determine if he can be returned to society or locked up in prison. A reporter approaches Paul and convinces him to let her run a story about Arthur as the Defendor, and he agrees in hopes of some positive approval ratings. People become inspired by Defendor's attempts to save lives and fight crime despite his personal risks and arrest. The judge orders Paul be Arthur's guide to reintroduce him to society, which is nearly ruined when news that he can never become Defendor again causes Arthur to nearly go ballistic. Depressed about having to leave Arthur, Angel becomes desperate for a hit, and tries to get back together with Dooney. However, knowing her affiliation with Defendor, he instead holds her hostage, and sends Arthur a threat to not reveal anything he had learned to the police. Arthur decides to take the risk to save Angel and once again dons his persona. Kat manages to escape Dooney by shooting off his testicles and the pair reunite. She is devastated when he reveals he still plans to go after Captain Industry, and tells him that she lied about the identity of Captain Industry due to a personal vendetta she has with him. She orders Arthur to take a gun she stole from Dooney for safety. He reveals his plans to the police but escapes before they can take him into custody again, leading a trail of road flares to the docks. Defendor manages to subdue Industry's henchmen, but does not defend himself against Industry who fatally shoots him. As Arthur lays dying, Angel runs to help him. She promises to stop smoking crack and to get a job outside of prostitution. In an earlier conversation Kat revealed she had always had a talent in writing, that Arthur had described as being "like Lois Lane". She promises to be like her and Arthur dies in her arms. Later, it is revealed that Dooney and Captain Industry were arrested for their crimes. Dooney is sentenced to 26 years in prison and Industry is extradited to a prison in his home country. Arthur's legacy lives on, as a memorial is held for Defendor under a spray paint mural that was drawn in his honor. Dr. Park and her daughter attend as well, remembering the man and inspired by the hero that no one could see. The last shot of the film is of Angel sitting at her typewriter, writing stories as a wasp flies into the room.