Vaudeville-era magician Presto DiGiotagione{{ref label}} is famous for a hat trick wherein he pulls his rabbit Alec Azam{{ref label}} out of his top hat. The short begins with an unfed and irritated Alec locked in a cage, unable to reach his carrot. After Presto returns from eating a meal, he begins practicing his act with Alec, revealing that his top hat is magically connected to a wizard's hat kept backstage with Alec, so that when Presto reaches into the top hat, his hand appears out of the wizard's hat, allowing him to grab Alec and pull him out of the top hat. He intends to feed Alec the carrot, but realizes that he is late for the show and rushes off to the stage without doing so, much to Alec's anger. Presto tried to start the performance, but Alec has reached his limit and refuses to cooperate until he is given the carrot. Presto then spends the rest of the show trying to catch Alec through the opening between his top hat and the wizard's hat. Alec cleverly turns the hat's magic against his master into multiple painful and humiliating ways and unsuccessful attempts of magic. Presto's hand is hit by a drawer off stage, his finger is stuck into a mouse trap, and he is hit in the face by an egg . Presto responds by antagonizing Alec, turning the carrot into a flower. Furious, Alec sucks Presto's head into a vacuum kept offstage, which spikes Presto's hair, making his face red and then rips his slacks off. Angered, Presto looks angry at Alec. Alec closes Presto's hand into a drawer backstage, and looks through his sleeve for the carrot. Presto starts running at Alec, but instead is poked in the eye by his own hand. Presto drops his hat, and when he grabs the wizard hat, he accidentally takes of his pants. Furious, Presto wants to attack Alec, but in an act to defend himself, he puts a ladder into the wizard hat, and Presto is hit between the legs by the ladder kept off stage. Trying to get revenge, Presto attempts to hit Alec with the same ladder . Presto antagonizes Alec again, covering the carrot with a cloth before smashing it into a pulp with a piece of the ladder. An extremely angry Alec retaliates by aiming the opening of the wizard's hat towards an electrical socket which Presto's finger goes into, causing him to dance wildly to bluegrass music. The audience interprets these shenanigans as part of the act and applauds with increasing approval. Presto, now very angry, has had enough and chases Alec backstage, catching his foot in a rope that lifts him up to the fly space above the stage when he mistakenly releases the weights holding down some stage props. When his foot comes loose from the rope, he falls, along with a piano and some suspended scenery. Alec, realizing that Presto will be crushed, reluctantly uses the magic hat to save him, earning the audience's wild approval for both himself and Presto. Presto gives Alec the carrot , as well as second billing on the posters advertising the show , and they are rewarded for each show they do, roses for Presto and carrots for Alec.