The story begins with Brian Robertson explaining the current situation of Suburban Legends, "a group of unsigned, yet passionate musicians struggling to make it." He explains that there are only six members of the band, since the former lead singer, only named as "Allard", quit last week, but that their new manager, Casey Donovan could help make Suburban Legends a household name. Cut to Casey, who is trying to get the attention of Gavin Hilshire, the head of the fictitious Sharp Records' talent development, to Suburban Legends. Gavin agrees to see the band next week. This doesn't seem to be an issue for Casey, who finds it much more important to design a new button. Casey goes to SL's headquarters in Santa Ana to make sure the band is allowing auditions for new members. The audition is revealed to be a game of Twister, except with the colors replaced with condiments, such as relish and Nutella. Some of the members are shown having minor conflicts with Mike, who uses Phil's lucky rag to clean up the mess from the game of Twister, and tries to convince Luis to stop living in the past by watching old concert performances. Phil clearly has a crush on Ellie, the band's webmaster. Derek believes that Phil isn't mature enough to start dating, and Phil denies having a crush on her. Casey announces to the band that Gavin Hilshire is coming to see the band next week, to which Brian Robertson objects to, as the band has no lead singer. Brian leaves in anger, and a discouraged Brian Klemm laments that not even "Hilary can lift [his] spirits." Vince Walker arrives, in a suit, as soon as possible after getting a text message from Brian Klemm reading that he was injured in a debilitating shark attack, but finds that Brian meant to send it to a girl who wasn't calling him back, but accidentally sent it to the band instead. Derek explains that Vince was the band's trumpet player two years ago and was Brian Klemm's best friend before he quit to further his education. Vince is on his way to an interview with an advertising firm, and is confused as to why the documentary film crew is following him. The band's internal conflicts worsen to the point where they break up as Vince undergoes his interview, which does not go well. Casey tries not to care about the band's break-up. Brian Klemm has started a gym for children, in which he is a condescending personal trainer. Brian Robertson returns to his old job as an employee at Boba Joe's, where he claims he is often recognized by fans. A customer with a Suburban Legends shirt walks into the business, and recognizes him as the guy who makes great "mango tangos". Brian tries to get the fan to notice who he is by saying he likes his shirt, to which the fan awkwardly replies he likes Brian's as well, obviously not recognizing who he is. Brian shows interest in wanting to pursue a college education, explaining he asked Vince to recommend him to an admissions person at his school, to which Vince, trying to get the band's attention, replies with a text message proudly exclaiming that he's getting circumcised and to meet at the "usual place" to celebrate. The band meets up at a Mexican restaurant, where Luis works, dressed as a giant taco. Vince tells the band he wants to rejoin the band as the lead singer, while Brian Klemm shows disappointment that there is not going to be a circumcision. The band unanimously votes to let Vince rejoin the band, and that the band will remain together if they get signed to Sharp Records. Vince's girlfriend, Trisha, is angered at Vince for joining the band. Trisha is angered that he'll only be able to work part-time and for three hours, is under the impression that Vince would rather be in a band than have a penis. Vince tries to convince Trisha that if the band gets signed, they'll be able to make a living. She agrees. The band practices "Mean Girl", with a montage showing a young girl doing more pull-ups than Brian Klemm can, Trisha waiting for Vince to come home, Brian R. arriving late for work, and Luis appearing to pluck a pubic hair and placing it an a Trisha's food when she and Vince go to eat at the Mexican restaurant, among other things. Trisha shows up to the band's headquarters, angered that Vince hasn't returned home yet. She and Brian Klemm get into a heated argument. Vince, needing time for himself, leaves. Vince gets a call from the ad agency, who still wants to hire him despite his poor interview. He doesn't want to turn down the job, or he'll let his girlfriend down, but he also doesn't want to let the band down by taking the job. The band is waiting at the venue for Vince, who hasn't shown up. Luckily Vince arrives with a case of Martinelli's, ready to play the show. The band plays "Hey DJ" to an energetic crowd, with who appears to be Gavin Hilshire in the audience. The band runs backstage, cheering, happy to see Gavin in the crowd. Gavin walks in, congratulates the band, and asks Brian Robertson to go talk with him. The band celebrates, and thanks Casey, who apologizes to the band that Gavin didn't show up. Mikey tells her he's talking to Brian, who runs in, agitated and disturbed. It turns out the man they thought was Gavin was actually "Sam Freek", a wanted band stalker. The band, however, agrees to stay together and invite Gavin to the next show. Vince decides to pass on the job and permanently stay with Suburban Legends.