Successful and single Guggenheim Museum art curator Beth  is at a point in her life where love seems like a luxury she just can't afford. Years of waiting for the perfect romance has made Beth bitter. After flying to Rome to attend her younger sister Joan's  impulsive wedding, she meets Nicholas Beamon , who rescues her in a couple of difficult situations but is just as much of a clumsy clod as she is. They hit it off well and reach a point where both parties take an interest in the other. Just as Beth convinces herself to believe in love again, she sees Nick kissing another woman, who turns out to be the groom's  'crazy cousin'. Slightly drunk and jealous at seeing Nick with another woman, she picks up coins  from the "fountain of love" . She later learns from Joan that legend says that if you take coins from the fountain, the owner of the coin will fall in love with you. Beth discovers that the legend is true. She is pursued back to New York by a band of aggressive suitors whose coins she took, including a diminutive sausage magnate Al , lanky street illusionist Lance , a doting painter Antonio , and a narcissistic male model Gale . She must return the coins to the fountain to break the spell. As she falls in love with Nick, she realizes that the poker chip belongs to him and is convinced that he is merely under a spell, not truly in love with her. Joan calls Beth on the day of the gala and informs her that the spell can also be broken by returning the coins to the original owner. Stacey , Beth's secretary—who is highly concerned about Beth's miserable love life—overhears the conversation and steals the coins, believing that Beth would lead a better life with people loving her, regardless of the spell. Beth's suitors all show up together at her apartment and she decides to break it to them that she does not love them and plans to return the coins to them. After she blurts out her love for Nick to them, she realizes that Stacey has stolen the coins and goes on a mission to retrieve the coins with her suitors aiding her. They all pile into a yellow Vespa 400 microcar , which careens through city traffic, into a hotel and up an elevator. When Beth explains to Stacey that this is not the way she believes love is, Stacey returns the coins and Beth hands back the coins to their owners. Left with the poker chip, she calls Nick and thanks him for making her believe in love again. As Nick makes his way to the gala to search for Beth in a sudden lightning storm that hits New York, Beth is in a situation with Lance who plays with the poker chip by doing disappearing tricks. She accidentally hits the chip out of Lance's hands and chases it as it rolls down three floors of the spiral gallery. The chip is picked up by Nick, who appears to be in love with Beth still, convincing Beth that his love was true all along. However, on their wedding day in Rome, Lance reveals to Beth that he had multiple poker chips and the one Beth knocked out on the night of the lightning storm was just one of them, which proves that Nick did not break out of the spell. While exchanging wedding vows, Beth hesitates and dashes out of the building to everyone's surprise. She revisits the fountain of love where she originally picked up the coins and climbs in like before. Nick appears and climbs into the fountain. He claims that he didn't throw a chip into the fountain at all. He drops the poker chip in the water and the priest is heard yelling 'Free of temptation!'. Beth finally believes Nick and kisses him.<ref name 2008-03-23 | first  Fleming | title  http://www.variety.com/article/VR1117982795.html | work  2008-04-23 }}