A hooded, disfigured man is eating at a diner, being watched by a stranger. The stranger is Wyburd , who has been stalking the young man. He convinces the boy to join him in his truck, where the boy passes out and awakens strapped to a table. Wyburd offers the boy a choice: a slow death, or a quick and clean death by hearing the story of the Book of Blood: a series of scars and inscriptions carved from head to toe. Opting for a clean death, the boy reveals his story. A young girl is violently raped and beaten in her bed while her parents stand outside screaming her name. An unseen force rips her face off, killing her. Several months later, paranormal professor Mary Florescu  and her partner Reg Fuller ([[Paul Blair  investigate the house to unlock its mysteriously murderous past. Mary encounters Simon McNeal , a seemingly clairvoyant young boy to whom she develops an attraction. Simon reluctantly signs on to assist, and the three of them move in. Reg spots a terrifying ghost and dies from a fall. Mary sees Simon is attacked twice by ghosts; the second time, the ghosts carve into Simon's flesh with nails and glass shards, and Mary understands: she is the key to opening the way for the ghosts; her powers were what awakened them. She swears to the ghosts that she will tell all of their stories. The ghosts heed her words and depart, allowing Simon to survive the ordeal. Simon reveals to Wyburd that he was then on cursed to be the book on which the dead write while Mary wrote books and made millions off of the stories portrayed on him. As she aged, he remained the same youthful appearance, only more scarred with new stories for her to write. He admitted he couldn't take it anymore, so he fled, hence the reason Wyburd was hired to remove his skin. Wyburd, unmoved, lives up to his end of the bargain and kills Simon quickly. After placing his skin neatly into a suitcase, he waits for his payment. Blood suddenly starts pouring from the case, slowly filling the building that Wyburd is trapped in, and he drowns. Mary arrives, and is unfazed by Wyburd's body. She opens the suitcase, pulling out Simon's intact skin and smiling, as she begins to read the stories still being written upon the flesh.