IKON, an obsolete Soviet communications satellite is about to fall out of orbit, and NASA is instructed, for political reasons, to capture it, rather than allow it to crash. The onboard systems respond, but are so archaic that nobody at NASA understands them. Retired United States Air Force colonel, test pilot and electrical engineer, Dr. Frank Corvin , who designed the original Skylab guidance systems from which the Soviet satellite's system had been copied, is asked to help, despite the longstanding animosity between the engineer and project director Bob Gerson . About 40 years ago , Corvin's prospects as an astronaut had been dashed when Gerson, who at the time was a senior Air Force officer, replaced Corvin and his three-man team with a chimp. Meanwhile, NASA engineer Sara Holland  argues with project manager Gerson regarding conflicting political and engineering concerns over the decaying satellite. Corvin, initially unwilling to work with Gerson, insists that there is not enough time to train anybody. He proposes to go himself, and he will not go without his old team, 'Team Dædalus': Jerry O'Neill , a skirt-chasing engineer who designs roller coasters since abandoning supersonic stealth aircraft; former Air Force pilot-turned crop duster and stubborn risk-taker William "Hawk" Hawkins ; and former navigator "Tank" Sullivan , who is now a Baptist minister. Gerson agrees, intending to string Corvin along until younger astronauts are up to speed on the system. The press later learns of the situation and the four men become celebrities, which leads to the political head of NASA, the Vice President, demanding that they be sent on the mission. Competitive rivalry between the young astronauts and Team Dædalus continues, while Holland grows fond of Hawkins. During medical tests, Hawk is found to have terminal pancreatic cancer, and has only about eight months left to live. Due to the urgent nature of the mission and since his illness would not impair his effectiveness on the mission, he is deemed flightworthy. The mission goes ahead with two crews, old and new, flying the space shuttle, which is also named Daedalus. They capture the satellite, but discover that it is armed with six nuclear missiles, a dangerous and still active relic of the Cold War and a violation of the Outer Space Treaty. The team also learns that the system the satellite uses  was stolen by the KGB from Gerson's personal files. The team decides to use the payload-assist rockets that the shuttle is carrying in order to push the satellite out of Earth orbit into deep space. Ethan Glance , one of the younger astronauts, follows Gerson's secret orders to try to move IKON into a stable orbit by himself. He connects the PAM rockets against Corvin's orders, accidentally activating the satellite, and is incapacitated in the process. It collides with the shuttle, causing extensive damage. Roger Hines , the shuttle pilot, is seriously injured in the collision, leaving the four senior astronauts to handle the crisis. Corvin and Hawkins deactivate the satellite. They then discover that there are not enough undamaged rockets to stabilize its now rapidly deteriorating orbit. With time running out, they decide to use the satellite's own missiles' rockets to push it away. There is one hitch: somebody has to go along to manually launch the missiles at the right time to ensure they do not enter an Earth-bound trajectory. Hawk makes the choice to complete the suicide run, reasoning that he is the best pilot of the group and is dying anyway. He aims for the Moon, his lifelong ambition. Meanwhile, the rest of the crew on the shuttle are not out of danger. The shuttle's computers are not responding and most of the propulsion systems are damaged. NASA controllers decide to have the crew bring the shuttle as low as possible, then abandon ship and let it crash into the ocean. Corvin performs a de-orbit burn successfully as the space shuttle enters the atmosphere. He makes it safely through, and flies to Florida, where he has Jerry see that the younger astronauts have safely parachuted out. Tank refuses to leave Corvin on the shuttle, as does Jerry. Corvin manages to land the shuttle at the Kennedy Space Center, duplicating Hawk's previous performance in a shuttle simulator. Later, Corvin and his wife Barbara  stand by their home and stare at the moon. "Do you think he made it?", Barbara asks. "Yeah. I think he made it." Corvin replies. Their Earth-bound view of the moon fades into a near image of the moon as we hear the Frank Sinatra song "Fly Me to the Moon". As the viewpoint sweeps close across the surface of the moon we see wreckage from IKON and Hawk's body lying in a slightly reclined sitting position against a rocky outcrop where he had dragged himself from the wreckage. As the view comes closer, the Earth is seen reflected in Hawk's golden sun visor.