During the opening credits, Bergman can be overheard giving instructions to and discussing with his staff while preparing a shot. The film is framed through the account of Alma , who addresses the audience directly while sitting at a picnic table. She tells of her husband's disappearance, which is explored in a flashback constructed of his diaries and her words. Johan Borg  is a painter who is regularly approached by odd and suspicious people. He confides to his young, pregnant wife Alma  that he believes them to be demons, and that his insomnia is growing worse. On the nights when Johan can't sleep, Alma stays awake by his side through the nights, especially during the "vargtimmen" , during which, Johan says, most births and deaths occur. Johan begins to give names to the figures who approach him, including the Bird-Man, the Insects, the Meat-Eaters, the Schoolmaster , and The Lady With a Hat. In one scene, he recounts to his wife meeting a small boy tanning himself on a rock. As the boy approached Johan, he violently smashed the child's face against a stone before tossing him into the ocean to drown. Alma reacts to the story with shock. The couple are approached by a baron von Merkens , who lives in a nearby castle. The painter and his wife visit them and their surreal household. In a later encounter with only Johan in attendance, Johan's ex-girlfriend Veronica lies waiting on a table. A man dresses Johan in make-up and women's clothing in preparation for a sexual encounter with her only for the baron's guests to laugh and mock him as they meet. Johan panics, and flees into underbrush. In the last act of the film, Alma searches the forest for her husband, only to find his mangled body. In the final moments, she addresses the camera, "Is it true that a woman who lives a long time with a man eventually winds up being like that man? I mean, she loves him, and tries to think like him, and see like him? They say it can change a person. I mean to say, if I had loved him much less, and not bothered so of everything about him, could I have protected him better?"