Five new contestants are selected in a seemingly random lottery and, along with the winner of the previous series, comprise the six Contenders. Each series of The Contenders is played in the limits of a chosen city or town. Contenders are given a gun, though they may acquire other weapons, and the last one left alive is the winner. Contestants are forced to play the game, regardless of whether they desire to. A contender who wins three tours of the game is freed from it. The film purposely leaves many key details unexplained, as the viewer is supposed to be watching only what the creators actually aired in the fictional TV show. How the show became so powerful as to randomly select people to be killed is unexplained, but all the Contenders seem to treat it as something they cannot control. Series 7 is set in Newbury, Connecticut which happens to be the hometown of Dawn Lagarto. She is the longest reigning contender the show has ever seen. She has won two tours, and just needs to win one more to be set free. Dawn is eight months pregnant, and hopes to win the game for her baby. The show then hosts a lottery. Contenders are chosen by whichever social security number appears. The five contenders selected are: *Connie Trabucco - 57 years old, single, emergency room nurse. *Jeffrey Norman - 33 years old, married, artist. He is dying of testicular cancer and Dawn's former love. *Anthony Reilly - 39 years old, married, unemployed asbestos remover. *Franklin James - 72 years old, retired. *Lindsay Berns - 18 years old, student. Series 7 begins with a recap of the end of Series 6; the opening scene shows the heavily-pregnant Dawn enter a convenience store and fatally shoot a man in a seemingly random act. The show credits then roll, its rules are explained in voice-over narration, and the contenders are introduced. Interview segments interspersed with several of the contenders' early attempts to attack each other offer insight and background on the contenders. Most unusually, Dawn and Jeffrey already know each other. They were high school sweethearts who broke up after Dawn became pregnant and had an abortion and Jeffrey came to believe he was gay. Jeffrey, now married to a woman, and Dawn meet and the terminally ill Jeffrey agrees to allow Dawn to kill him. Lindsay travels to Franklin's trailer home and attacks him. They fire at each other, but neither is killed. Lindsay suffered a bullet wound to her arm. Anthony tries to flee with his young daughter but is badly injured . Connie and Dawn track him to the hospital where Connie kills him by lethal injection. Following Anthony's death, the remaining contenders receive notes to meet someone from "The Underground" at a local mall to escape the game. At the mall, security confiscates Franklin's gun, but Lindsay is passed after stating she is part of the show. Dawn is near a Wick's n' Stick's store, waiting for whoever sent the letter to arrive. A short time later, she spots Lindsay, and so does Franklin. Franklin creeps up behind Lindsay and beats her to death. Franklin is then killed by Connie, the mastermind behind the notes. The only contenders left are Dawn, Jeffrey, and Connie. Dawn tracks Connie to her home but goes into labor. Connie reluctantly assists her delivery and Dawn is transported to a local hospital to deliver. She names the baby "Jeffrey" but he is taken from her shortly after birth because of game rules. Contender Jeffrey, despondent when Dawn did not return to kill him as promised, is also in the hospital following a suicide attempt. Connie attempts another lethal injection upon Jeffrey, who now wants to live. He shoots and kills her. Dawn races to Jeffrey's room where they realize they are the final two Contenders. They agree to meet at a neutral location for a final showdown. There, they profess their love for each other and turn on the camera crews following them. The series finale traces Dawn and Jeffrey through surveillance footage and viewer tips to a movie theater. There they turn on the camera they seized from the crew and take the theater patrons hostage, demanding the return of Dawn's baby. At this point, the narrator advises the show's audience that all remaining footage was lost due to a technical error and that the events have been reconstructed as a "dramatic re-enactment." Actors playing Dawn and Jeffrey are shown with an official of the Contenders program. "Jeffrey" agrees again to let "Dawn" kill him but before she can "Doria"  appears and kills "Dawn." A distraught "Jeffrey" then shoots himself. The film closes with a "promo" for the upcoming Series 8, which shows Doria in prison denying that she killed anyone and reveals that Jeffrey has survived and is now the reigning contender.