Two college students, Keith and AJ, want to hire a stripper for their college initiation party, so they go to a dark, seedy part of town to look for a good candidate. They visit a nightclub in a barren, desolate, no-mans land section where the police rarely patrol. The men do not realize that the club is run by blood thirsty, ruthless vampires and that vampires and psychopathic albino gangland thugs prowl the alleys. They prevail on a loner named Duncan , to loan them his car, but he insists that in order for them to leave campus, they must become his best friends for the week and take him with them. They eventually agree and leave in his flashy red four door Cadillac sedan. After the vampire Queen Katrina  first seduces AJ  playfully at first after he takes off his shirt and lies back on a plastic covered love seat lounge, by licking his chest and rubbing him up and down. She then transforms and, while holding his arm down to keep him from fighting her off, proceeds to savagely bite into his throat and viciously drink his blood as he screams. Finally he fades into death and his body becomes still. Katrina laughs evilly in victory over his body. Keith  tries to locate AJ, but cannot. After a bit of searching around town where he notices some of the oddities of the patrons, he does find AJ dead in a dumpster. However after some time, he see him alive again in the dressing room of the club. The stripper with him attacks Keith forcing AJ to kill her. However he reveals he too now is a vampire, likely resurrected to kill Keith. But soon his love for his best friend overcomes his urge to kill him and turning a formica stake into his own chest, he buys Keith time to get out of the lair of vampire strippers, throwing him the car keys and giving him a few methods to kill off any attackers. Keith finds one potential ally; a waitress named Amaretto  who claims she knows the two men from grade school. Finally, Keith and Amaretto  manage to escape up a manhole cover to reach safelty. As they near safety, Katrina, now in full vampire form grabs Amaretto, and threatens to kill her. Keith, a marksman with a bow and arrow takes aim, brings in the daylight and he destroys Katrina. When Amaretto and Keith try to get out of the sewer, Katrina's so called lover  threatens to kill them in revenge for destroying Katrina, but AJ returns to save them both by killing him with a stake to the heart from behind. AJ then explains that the wooden stake which was used on him earlier was actually formica. As Keith and Amaretto climb out into the now risen sunlight, AJ has to remain below them in the dark sewers since he's still a vampire despite killing the master, making him the sole survivor of Katrina's undead coven and leaving him stuck as a vampire though he doesn't seem to mind. As Keith and Amaretto walk onward, with AJ following below, the people of the area start to go about their daily personal business.