Junior Healy  tells a story from multiple drawings in a coloring book, and it switches to his classroom where he is told by Miss Hicks  that he got an F for not finishing his science project, and he mentions that "it's all about sound waves", and the bell rings, causing a set of traps to trigger, and Miss Hicks to fall out a window. The audience is told that one of his classmates Murph ([[Eric Edwards  told on him, and the principal called his dad, Ben , prompting him to take Junior to get help. He and Ben meet Sarah , a therapist who tests Junior, and decides that he needs activities to do. Junior takes this harshly, and does not approve of these options. He is taken to a dance school, run by a tyrannical débutante, Lila Duvane , and dislikes it at first, then he meets Tiffany , but Murph - who had asked him to dance with his sister, Bertha  - informs him that three boys, Duke , flamboyant actor Corky , and bad boy Blade ([[Jake Richardson  have already taken her. Junior tries to proclaim his love to Tiffany, but fails miserably. He is given a teacher, Mr. Burtis , which he traps him similar to Miss Hicks at the beginning. He bites an apple, and feels pain. He and Ben go to a dental clinic where it is discovered by the infamous Mr. Peabody  that he needs braces. Ben asks his father, Big Ben Healy , for a $5,000 loan which leads to disappointing results. After meeting the trio and Tiffany, he decides to start with scouting under Scoutmaster Phlim  who is Duke's father. Afterwards he decides to enter hockey which Blade is in. He gets beaten by Blade's team (a scene shows his gear flying up into the air after a critical hit, an obvious parody of [[Problem Child . After his rough encounters, he decides to "get even" and take part in a Peter Pan play, where he is stuck portraying a weed. Ben meets Sarah at a Big Ben's, and it is discovered that she was with Scoutmaster Phlim, and subsequently broken up with him. During the hockey tournament, Junior beats everyone of the opposing team players, and strikes Blade with a hockey puck. After this, he is banned for life, and then he traps Corky by distracting the janitor , and pulling the rope to the suspension harness, and crashing it down, severely injuring Corky and Lila Duvane. After these two schemes, Junior and Ben are challenged by Duke and Scoutmaster Philm to an obstacle course in which consists of a sack race, a tire run, a monkey bar cross, a rope climb, and a canoe race. Junior sabotages every obstacle on their side, and they win. Duke, Blade and Corky are all seriously injured and Junior finally tries to spend some time with Tiffany. However, she winds up being not what Junior expected; his "dream girl" is really a spoiled brat. Junior pranks her by tying the ribbon on her dress to a statue, and as she walks forward, it rips off. Half-naked, embarrassed, and laughed at, Tiffany runs out crying, and Junior meets a nicer girl who is also wearing braces. Like the beginning, Junior depicts everyone in a coloring book, and signs off by saying "so long suckers!", as the words "The End" pop up in the book.