Inspector Zaid Ahmed  is notified on duty that there has been a bomb blast at a mall. After investigation, it is found out that the suicide bomber responsible was Sarah Khan , Zaid's wife. Zaid finds it hard to believe on seeing his wife's dead body, and claims to have dropped her at the train station. Zaid, who is inspected by the ATS , is called off duty temporarily by ATS Chief Raj Mehra , but stands firm to his statement that his wife could not be the terrorist responsible. One day he receives a DVD, by post, at home, which consists of his wife's dying testimonial in which she accepts that she is the responsible terrorist. Not believing what he has seen, Zaid decides to visit Sarah's grandfather Saeed Noor Bux . On meeting him, Saeed reveals a rather shocking story. Sarah's father had been arrested by the Local Police and had been beaten as he was suspected for terrorist activities. During the interrogation he dies. The Police hides his body, claims that he has ran to Pakistan and was found guilty of being a terrorist. When Saeed complains about this incident to higher authorities, Sarah, her brother Imran  and he himself are arrested by the Inspector, and are forced to sign a statement that they don't want to investigate this case. Upon refusal, they make nude videos of Sarah. After Saeed is forced to sign the statement, the inspector  asks Saeed and Imran to go home, takes Sarah to a cell, and rapes her. Due to this incident, Sarah and her brother start meeting a Molvi  , who convinces them to lay down their lives by killing Non-Muslims. While Sarah was first in the league, her brother, who has been missing for a month, might follow her. Zaid, horrified by this tale, tries to find Sarah's brother Imran, and finds him when he is being prepared to blast himself in a few days. As a result of chasing him, he finds out the Molvi behind this, and shares harsh words with him. Later he is kidnapped by the Molvi's men, and is about to be killed, when he fights for his life, escapes and tries to find Imran. He pleads with the ATS not to arrest Imran, and brings him to his senses, convincing him to take off the bomb. It is later shown that the corrupt Inspector is arrested and sentenced. Saeed and Imran win the case with the help of Zaid. Zaid's rank is restored and he resumes duty. He then explains to the senior police officers how they force terrorists to be born just because of not being able to give them justice.