An equine farmer discovers dead bodies and is killed by one of the assailants himself. Meanwhile, attackers use special explosives to break into an NSA bunker beneath the equine farm. There, NSA Agent Augustus Gibbons fends off the attackers before barely escaping himself. Lieutenant Alabama "Bama" Cobb is later revealed to be responsible for the attack on the bunker. After escaping the attack, Gibbons tells his assistant, Agent Toby Shavers, that the new XXX must be more off the grid than Xander Cage was, in other words, more attitude. So he meets up with Lieutenant Darius Stone who was jailed for 20 years whilst serving in the navy for disobeying orders and breaking General George Deckert's jaw. Later, Gibbons poses as Stone's lawyer and makes a deal with him in prison. Stone, who had been in prison at Leavenworth for assaulting Deckert, makes a daring escape. Stone is later told to recover a hard drive from the NSA bunker, while trying to escape Agent Kyle Steele at the same time, and is rescued by Shavers. Some time later, Gibbons appears to be attacked in his home and murdered, with Deckert covering up the plot. Afterwards, Stone meets up with Gibbons' contact, a beautiful blonde named Charlie Mayweather, to get information and go to her safe house, but is framed so that it will appear that he murdered 3-Star General Jack Pettibone, whom Cobb and Charlie actually killed. The police arrive, and Steele enters the house and makes a deal with Stone, while Shavers later hacks into the NSA to retrieve Deckert's plans. Afterwards, Stone infiltrates Deckert's troops aboard the USS Independence and discovers Gibbons is not dead, but being held prisoner by Deckert. Apparently Deckert is setting them up. Stone is discovered by Charlie . Gibbons orders him to escape and leave him. After retrieving the blueprints of Deckert's plot, Stone gets into an M-2 Bradley Armored Fighting vehicle and fights his way out of the ship, destroying a tank commandeered by Cobb's men to kill him. He briefly converses with the lieutenant and realizes that Deckert is planning a coup. Stone makes contact with Steele and shows him the plans; stating his view that Deckert is plotting to attack the Capitol. Steele counters Stone by insisting that Deckert is guarding the Capitol, not invading it. Stone insists this is a cover, then leaves in frustration with Steele's disbelief. During a conversation with Deckert, Steele realizes Stone was right, because Deckert lets it slip that he knows that Gibbons is still alive. He finds Stone and tells him Deckert wants to kill the president and his successors so that he can take his place. Steele suggests they go off the grid. Stone, Steele, and Shavers enlist the aid of his former gang leader, Zeke, and his crew to fight Deckert's force. Together they rob an 18 wheeler, secretly hauling guns and equipment under the guise of a cheese truck. On the night of Deckert's plan, they make their move, driving though the backs of buildings and warehouses. They end up carjacking a tank , and Stone helps Steele infiltrate the Capitol building. After some gunfights , Deckert, with Cobb, abducts the President while he is making the State of the Union Address. They escape on a bullet train. Stone pursues the bullet train by car and makes it aboard; destroying the car in the process. He engages Cobb in hand-to-hand combat and finally kills him by causing an explosion. Stone fights Deckert while helping the president escape in an adjacent helicopter. Stone leaps from the fleeing train while Gibbons destroys it with a missile, obliterating Deckert. The flaming wreckage from the train lights Stone in a silhouette as he dives into the river below, narrowly avoiding the wreckage that plunges in after him. The President awards Agent Steele and the Unknown Soldier  the Medal of Honor, as Stone goes back to his thug-esque lifestyle. Deckert receives full honors at his funeral, somewhat to Stone's disgust. He and Lola part with her, leaving him the Mustang, and he drives off; the xXx tattoo can be seen on the back of his neck. In the now rebuilt NSA Headquarters, Gibbons, Steele and Shavers discuss what kind of person the next xXx agent should be; farther off the grid, a fresh face, a new model. Gibbons says that he has the perfect candidate.