The film opens with the sexualized suicide of Rob , a.k.a. Robert, whose corpse Monika  retrieves from a church’s graveyard after the opening credits. Monika apparently evades notice while carrying Rob’s corpse into her apartment, where she unwraps him from his body bag. Meanwhile, Mark  heads to his as of yet unspecified job, and the film then cuts back to a scene of Monika undressing Rob. Mark’s job is thereupon revealed to be dubbing porn films, and this scene foreshadows the next, in which Monika has sex with Rob’s corpse. A fourth character, Betty , is then briefly introduced as she discovers, to her disappointment, that Rob’s grave has already been robbed. Once Monika has cleaned Rob's corpse, she takes photos with him using her camera’s self-timer. Mark, meanwhile, makes plans to meet a friend  at the movies. Mark’s friend, however, is late, and Mark offers his ticket instead to Monika, who happens to be passing by. Monika and Mark hit it off and soon go on a carnival date, after which point Monika decides to break up with Rob, by sawing him into pieces and putting him into garbage bags, saving just his head and genitals. When Mark spends the night at Monika’s, though, Mark discovers Rob’s genitals in Monika’s refrigerator, and this discovery, combined with Monika’s desire to photograph Mark in positions that make him appear dead, plants doubts in his mind about the relationship. Consequently, Mark consults first his perennially tardy friend and then a drunk in a bar regarding his relationship with the perverse Monika. Soon thereafter, Monika and her fellow necrophiliac friends have a movie night – the film depicts the dissection of a seal – at Monika’s apartment when Mark comes over with a porn video to watch with Monika . When Mark insistently asks what Monika and her friends had been doing, she reluctantly shows him the seal video, which disgusts Mark, who says it’s perverse to watch such a thing for fun, leading to a quarrel. The couple later speak on the phone and makes plans to meet at Monika’s and discuss the matter. In the meantime, Monika makes a trip to the ocean, where she contemplates what course of action to take. When Mark arrives the next day, they have make-up sex, during which Monika severs Mark’s head and replaces it with Rob’s decapitated head. In addition, Monika is finally shown climaxing, which suggests that she has chosen the correct lover. Finally, in the last scene, a doctor congratulates Monika on her pregnancy.