Long ago in the Iron Age a shadow loomed over the lonely village of Thena. For every three years, eight village youths are stolen from their families to the capital of the Minos' Empire and placed in the underground labyrinth to be a sacrifice to the Minotaur, the Minoan god. Theo, haunted by the loss of his love, Fion, in an earlier sacrifice, is convinced that the beast is not a deity and that his love still lives within the labyrinth. His father Cyrnan, the village leader, tries to reason with Theo not to go but Theo is driven by blind rage and made his way in with seven other youths to be sacrificial lambs. However, Theo intends to kill the Minotaur. Along with his fellow captives, Tyro, Danu, Vena, Morna, Didi, Ziko and Nan, they are placed in the labyrinth by King Deucalion, with the youths slaughtered one by one by the Minotaur. However, Theo is aided by Deucalion's sister, Queen Raphaella, who reveals that her mother gave herself to bestiality to create a living god, the Minotaur. As the Minotaur grows, so does its appetite when it murdered Deucalion's brother, resulting with the human sacrifices to appease the Minotaur while ensuring Minos' survival. Theo, along the way, discovers the labyrinth is connected to an underground vent and Tyro tempts the Minotaur to crash into one of the vents, but is unsuccessful, as the Minotaur eats him alive. Theo then tempts the Minotaur and in the process, the Minotaur breaks his left horn, but continues to charge after Theo. As Theo runs back towards the enlarged vent, he scratches the walls and generates a spark that ignites the whole labyrinth, and dives into a pond of water where Raphaella was waiting for him. They emerge from the water as the flames die out, but the beast is still alive and attempts to charge at them again. Theo takes the horn out of the rubble from where the vent was, and just as the beast attempts to kill him, stabs the Minotaur through the mouth and continues on charging until it hits a collapsed rock formation which impales the horn through the Minotaur's head and finally kills it. Once out, they find Deucalion near death from the explosions decimating the palace as Raphaella smothers him to death, ending the cycle of fantaism and starting a new age.