Undercover FBI agent Jeff Crane  is planted in the same prison as Sonny Black , who is suspected of belonging to the notorious Purple Gang. Jeff helps Sonny escape in the hope that he will lead Jeff back to the rest of the gang. Sonny is seriously wounded during the escape, so he sends Jeff for Dr. Josiah Glass , an alcoholic who has saved the lives of many of the gang members. In his rush, Jeff forces a bus off the road during a late-night rainstorm. One of the passengers, Maria Theresa "Terry" O'Reilly , gets him to take the stranded people back to town. However, he refuses Terry's persistent requests that he drive her to her destination, only a few miles away. He finds Dr. Glass, but has to wait, as the storm has made a bridge impassible. During that time, he and Terry become acquainted. He learns that she is going to see her brother "Dinkie". She has not seen him in many years, and he has refused to respond to her letters about an inheritance from their uncle. Jeff is shocked when he sees a photograph of her brother - Dinkie is Sonny. Terry is unaware of Sonny's criminal activity. When he takes Dr. Glass to Sonny, Terry stows away in the car. She meets Sonny, and learns that he is the subject of a nationwide manhunt. However, family ties are strong, and she helps nurse him back to health. Later, when Sonny slaps Terry for trying to persuade him to turn himself in, Jeff cannot control himself. He punches Sonny. Sonny angrily orders Jeff and Terry to leave at gunpoint. Jeff's boss, Special Agent James Duff ([[Paul Kelly , had warned Jeff not to get involved with Terry. The whole operation seems to be ruined, so Duff fires Jeff. However, Jeff has an idea. Knowing that the gang is planning to strike that day, he tricks Dr. Glass into taking him to their hideout. He notifies Duff, and a fierce gunfight ensues. All of the gang members are killed except for Sonny, who escapes. A dying Dr. Glass confirms that Sonny was the boss. Weeks go by, but Sonny eludes capture. A newspaper publishes photographs of Sonny and Jeff side by side, with one captioned "Public Enemy No. 1" and the other "Public Hero No. 1". Duff and Jeff learn that Sonny has undergone plastic surgery, but knowing that he must be out of money, they have his sister watched at the vaudeville theater where she is the cashier. They also place an advertisement supposedly from Terry offering to help Dinkie. Sure enough, he approaches her for money and is spotted. Terry warns him, but he is gunned down in an alley by Jeff. Afterwards, she wants nothing to do with her brother's killer. However, he corners her on a train and they reconcile.