In their continuing journey to find the feathers that are the fragments of Sakura's lost memory, Syaoran, Kurogane, Fai D. Flowright, Mokona Modoki and Sakura move through time and space with Mokona. Here, they visit the "Country of Birdcages," a seemingly peaceful country where people and birds live together, each person having a bird companion. From their arrival, Syaoran, Sakura and Mokona are separated from Kurogane and Fai who are confronted by warriors from the king and ultimately captured. Syaoran, Sakura and Mokona meet a kid name Koruri who introduces them to her princess, an alternate persona from Princess Tomoyo. Tomoyo explains to Syaoran's group that about how the king, her uncle, maintains oppressed citizens, having had their birds taken from them, and plans to use a key to seal the country. They are then attacked by the king's bird-like soldier, who easily defeat the opposing Syaoran and Tomoyo's commander, and kidnap Tomoyo and Mokona. Syaoran, Sakura, Koruri and the commander proceed to infiltrate into the king's castle to rescue Tomoyo. The king then manages to unleash Dodo, an enormous bird who was sealed in the country, and it becomes the king's subordinate. Fai, Kurogane and Mokona manage to escape from their cages and are confronted by creatures born from Dodo. They manage to reunite with Syaoran's group who go to the upper floors from the castle to stop the king. Sakura gives Syaoran a ring Tomoyo previously gave her, and Syaoran confronts Dodo, realizing it is composed of all the birds from the citizens. Tomoyo's bird, Lei-Fan, appears to aid Syaoran fight Dodo, who is carrying the king. Tomoyo tells Syaoran to use her ring to fight the king which causes Syaoran to be surrounded by fire, and launches himself to destroy Dodo. Syaoran also knocks out the king whose body dissolves into a bird, leaving one of Sakura's feathers behind. However, as a result of using the ring, the country remains trapped in darkness, and Syaoran's group request help to the Dimensional Witch Yūko Ichihara. Tomoyo gives Yūko her bell, sacrificing the relationship between all the citizens and the birds, in exchange of a key that frees the country from its darkness.