Oliver Courtney  is an arrogant composer who lets other people work at songs he takes credit for. Bob Sommers  writes his tunes with Billy Starbuck . At the night of a social Christmas party, Oliver introduces Bob's song What Would Shakespeare Have Said? as his own. Later that night, Oliver thanks Bob for his loyalty and offers him a contract, securing him with $50 a week for a period of three years. He refuses, saying he would rather have a catboat to visit his uncle at his river hotel, called Nobody's Inn. After his lyric writer dies, Oliver assigns Cherry Lane  as his replacement. She is reluctant about serving as someone's ghost writer, but accepts his offer. He is satisfied with her first lyric. She becomes ambitious to write better lines, but isn't able to concentrate at home and is suggested to move to a small and quiet place. Meanwhile, Bob and Cherry meet several times, without knowing they are working with each other. She doesn't think highly of him. To work in a perfect environment, Cherry travels to Tarrytown and stays at Nobody's Inn. Bob decides to give the inn a visit at the same time and they are shocked when they run into each other yet again. They soon become acquainted and actually start liking each other. They even compose their own song. However, because they aren't allowed to tell who they are working for, they don't find out they're colleagues. She becomes mad at him when he plays the song she wrote the lines for, and states he wrote it himself. Bob is confused and travels back to town to resign. Cherry has come to office as well to inform her boss she thinks someone has stolen his lines. They are confronted with each other and realize they were working with each other all along. Bob and Cherry make up and decide to start their own music composing career as a pair. After a few unsuccessful auditions, Bob agrees to start a band. They audition at Mr. Westlake , who is only interested in Cherry. He offers her a job as a nightclub singer, but she is loyal to the band and rejects his offer. Bob notices it is a great opportunity for Cherry and gives her his consent to work for Mr. Westlake. He takes his job back as Oliver's ghost writer and raises $200 so Cherry can premiere with the song they wrote together at Nobody's Inn. However, she is unhappy at her new job and is helped by Bob to get her out of her contract. Oliver feels sympathy for them and pursues them not to walk away by announcing the song is not written by him. After announcing they will soon marry, Bob and Cherry perform their song.