At a modern-day nursing home, an elderly man named Duke  begins to read a romantic story from his notebook to a fellow patient . The story he tells begins in 1940. In Seabrook Island, South Carolina, local country boy Noah Calhoun  is smitten with seventeen-year-old heiress Allie Hamilton  after seeing her at a carnival, and they share an idyllic summer love affair. Noah takes Allie to an abandoned house, which he explains that he intends to buy for them. Later that evening, she asks him to make love to her, but they are interrupted by Noah's friend Fin ([[Kevin Connolly  with the news that Allie's parents have the police out looking for her. When Allie and Noah return to her parents' mansion, they ban her from seeing Noah, whom they say is "trash, trash, trash not for you!". The two break up and the next morning, Allie's mother announces that the family is returning home to Charleston. Noah writes a letter each day to Allie for one year, but Allie's mom intercepts them all and keeps them hidden from Allie. As each lover sees there is no contact from the other, Noah and Allie have no choice but to move on with their lives; Noah and Fin enlist to fight in World War II and Fin is killed in battle. Allie becomes a volunteer in a hospital for wounded soldiers, where she meets an officer named Lon Hammond, Jr. , a young lawyer who is handsome, sophisticated, charming and comes from old Southern money. The two eventually become engaged, to the delight of Allie's parents, but Allie sees Noah's face when Lon asks her to marry him. When Noah returns home from the war, he discovers his father has sold their home so that Noah can buy the abandoned house, fulfilling his lifelong dream to buy it for the departed Allie, whom by now he hasn't seen for several years. While visiting Charleston, Noah witnesses Allie and Lon kissing at a restaurant; he convinces himself that if he fixes up the house, Allie will come back to him. Later, Allie is startled to read in the newspaper that Noah has completed the house and she visits him in Seabrook. In the present, it is made clear that the elderly woman is in fact Allie, who is suffering from Alzheimer's disease and cannot remember any of the events of the film so far. Duke, the man who is reading to her, is her husband, but Allie cannot recognize him. Back in the forties, the day after Allie arrives in Seabrook, she and Noah renew their relationship and make love. In the morning, Allie's mother appears on Noah's doorstep, telling Allie that Lon has come to Seabrook to take her home. She takes Allie out for a drive, and reveals that 25 years earlier, she also loved a common man. She leaves Allie with a bundle of letters -- all of Noah's letters, and hopes that Allie will make the right choice. Allie confesses to Lon that she has been spending time with Noah. He is angry but says that he still loves her. Allie tells him she knows she should be with him, but she remains indecisive. In the present, Duke asks Allie whom she chose. Becoming lucid, she remembers that the story Duke was reading is the story of how they met. Young Allie appears at Noah's doorstep, having left Lon at the hotel and chosen Noah. Elderly Allie suddenly remembers her past; after finding out about her illness, she herself wrote their story in the notebook with instructions for Noah to "read this to me, and I'll come back to you". But only minutes later Allie relapses, losing her memories of Noah. She panics, not understanding who he is, and has to be sedated. The elderly Noah has a heart attack, and we see Allie is alone for a time. However, as soon as he is sufficiently recovered, Noah  goes to Allie's room one evening to find her lucid again. Allie questions Noah about what will happen to them when she won't be able to remember anything anymore, and he reassures her that he will never leave her. She asks him if he thinks their love for each other is strong enough to "take them away together"; he replies that he thinks their love could do anything. After telling each other that they love one another, they both fall asleep in Allie's bed. The next morning, a nurse finds them dead in each others' arms.