Nine young samurai are worried about corruption in the leadership of their clan. They believe that the lord chamberlain, Mutsuta, is corrupt after tearing up a petition against organised crime. One samurai told the superintendent of this, who agreed to intervene. As the nine meet secretly at a temple and discuss their problem, a ronin  emerges from another room where he had been resting. The ronin had overheard their plans, and suggests that the superintendent is in fact the real corrupt official. While at first the samurai are insulted by his claims, they soon find themselves surrounded by the official's men, proving that he was correct. The ronin fights off the men in return for money, however after realizing that Mutsuta could now be in danger, he decides to help the samurai bring down the corruption. They first begin by rescuing Mutsuta's wife  and daughter , but they remain oblivious to the danger around them, and maintain a cheery civility in contrast to the young samurai. The group hide in a house within the chamberlain's compound. Musuta's wife asks the ronin's name; looking out the window at tsubaki  trees, he invents the name Tsubaki Sanjūrō . The lady insists that Sanjuro refrain from unnecessary killing. The lady compares Sanjuro to a "glittering sword" and remarks that "the best sword stays in its scabbard." The Superintendent's henchman Hanbei Muroto , and several other corrupt officials address a plan to outsmart the chamberlain's followers. First they arrest the chamberlain by making a false claim that he has been in charge of organised crime. Afterwards, they try to lure out the samurai by setting out a patrol of palanquins, believing that the samurai will think the officials are in them and attack. This backfires on them and leaves them deeply humiliated. Throughout the film, Sanjuro is considered by some of the samurai as a problem figure: he has bad manners, behavior unbecoming a samurai, weird ways to express his thoughts, often seems lazy and disinterested during planning, and a flippant attitude regarding violence. Sanjuro decides to get closer to Hanbei's master by going undercover as his henchman. Mistrust causes several of the samurai believe he is switching sides. The samurai agree that four of them will follow him: two who believed in him and two who did not. However, Sanjuro realizes he is being followed and the four are easily captured. When Hanbei leaves to request reinforcements Sanjuro frees the samurai, at the expense of having to kill all the guards. He demands the four samurai tie him up, and is found in disgrace. Understanding Hanbei cannot hire him after such a fiasco, Sanjuro insincerely commits to finding the attackers. The next day, Mutsuta's wife and daughter find a parchment of the torn up petition flowing from a stream through the compound. The samurai realise that Mutsuta is being imprisoned in the room opposite where the samurai are staying. While at first they consider a full on attack at the officials, they soon find that the superintendent's entire force is surrounding them, meaning an attack would end in slaughter. Sanjuro hatches a plan to get the army out of the compound, and then sending a sign to attack through camellias down the stream. The first part of the plan works and the force is moved, however Hanbei catches him trying to send the sign and ties him up. When the officials realise that Sanjuro has moved the army on purpose, Hanbei races off to retrieve them. In a comedic scene, Sanjuro tricks the remaining officials into making the Samurai attack. It works and they manage to rescue the Chamberlain. Hanbei returns later to find he has been made a fool of once more. Later the samurai find that Sanjuro has left the compound. After racing off to find him, he is found with Hanbei, about to duel. Sanjuro is reluctant to fight and tries to dissuade Hanbei saying that if they do fight, one of them would die and there is nothing to be gained from that. Hanbei insists and the two face each other, feeling that he will not be at ease unless one of them is put to rest. Sanjuro kills Hanbei. A fountain of blood gushes from Hanbei. When the young samurai cheer his victory, Sanjuro becomes extremely agitated and angry at their naïve insensitivity. He states that dead adversary was exactly like him, so that at least he now has an understanding of what he really represents. Sanjuro then leaves.