Poindexter Williams, known as 'Fool', is a resident of a ghetto of Los Angeles. Fool learns that he and his family have been evicted from their apartment by their landlords, the Robesons. Leroy , an acquaintance of Fool's sister Ruby, offers to help Fool provide for his family by planning a burglary of the Robesons' residence after discovering evidence of gold coins in their possession. The Robesons themselves, known only as Daddy  and Mommy  live in a large home in a residential neighborhood with their daughter Alice  whom they terrorize and abuse incessantly. Leroy and his associate Spenser take Fool to the house for reconnaissance, but are foiled; Spenser, posing as a municipal worker, succeeds, but when the Robesons leave the home, Fool and Leroy became suspicious and decide to break in. They find the house is heavily fortified against all forms of escape: doors have industrial locks, and all windows are sound- and shatterproof glass wired and padlocked from the outside. After escaping a vicious attack dog named Prince, they split up; Fool ventures into the dungeon-like basement, where strange noises and figures scurry behind a barricaded corral under the stairwell, and finds Spenser dead on the floor. Terrified, Fool flees and reunites with Leroy as the Robesons return; Leroy is discovered and shot to death by Daddy, while Fool is drawn by a lure into a labyrinth of passageways between the walls that leads to an older section of the house, where he meets Alice. She tells him that the people in the cellar are the former children of her parents who have disobeyed one of the three "see/speak/hear no evil" rules of the household. The children have had the offending body parts amputated as punishment before being imprisoned in the basement, where they have degenerated into cannibalism to survive. Alice has avoided this fate by obeying the rules without question. She also tells him that one of the boys, a mute named Roach , has escaped from the cellar and into the walls, evading Daddy, who relentlessly hunts him through the house with a shotgun while clad in a full-bodied leather BDSM outfit. When the police arrive to inspect Leroy's van, the Robesons discover Fool's phony Cub Scout uniform and realize he is inside the house. Fool narrowly manages to evade detection with the aid of Roach, but is captured when he is reunited with Alice; Roach escapes, but is shot in the process. He rescues Fool from the cellar after Daddy leaves him for the cannibals, giving him a small bag of gold coins and a written plea to save Alice before succumbing to his wound. Fool ascends the furnace chute to save Alice. Fool punches Daddy as he and Alice escape into the heating ducts. Meanwhile, Daddy finds Roach's dead body in the furnace and cremates him. Then Daddy has Prince to kill Fool. It was a failure as Fool uses the dog to avoid his death, inadvertently causing Daddy to accidentally kill Prince. They reach the attic and find an open window below the garden pond, but Alice is too afraid to jump and Fool is forced to do so without her after Daddy discovers them. Fool climbs over the fence to freedom, but yells to Alice that he will return for her. Once home, his grandfather Booker  plans to pawn the coins to pay for the family's rent and a life-saving operation for Fool's mother. He also tells them that the Robesons are not spouses, but siblings, the last of a mortician family that built a fortune based on exorbitant pricing and unscrupulous real estate deals. Greed and paranoia eventually drove them into incestuous procreation, and each generation has become increasingly unstable and psychotic. Fool alerts the police, and sneaks back into the house as the Robesons successfully hide their actions with a clever charade. After the police leave, they ambush him, but he frees himself and climbs towards the attic, where he finds Alice bound to the chimney. Once informed that she was kidnapped by the Robesons, she commits to helping him stop them. Fool wanted to escape the same way he did the first time, but Alice warns him that the minute Fool escaped, Daddy has drained the pond with broken glass and rocks on it, sealed off many of the passageways, and wired the entire house with explosives. Fool is cornered by Daddy during a failed surprise attack, but is saved when Ruby, Booker, and the rest of the ghetto converge on the house, distracting them enough for him to escape into the corral. The People Under the Stairs, eager to assist an ally of Roach, take Fool to the vault, where the Robesons have stashed their enormous stores of cash and gold, as well as their stockpile of dynamite. Alice is cornered by Mommy, but the cannibals break out of the basement and chase her to the kitchen, where Alice stabs her with a kitchen knife and denounces her as her mother; they then slit her throat and toss her down the basement steps to be preyed upon by the other children. Distraught, Daddy tracks Fool to the vault, only to find that he has commandeered the detonating wires and threatens to blow up the vault; Daddy attempts a feint, and Fool sets off the detonator. The resulting explosion demolishes most of the house and spits the money up through the crematorium chimney and onto the throngs of people waiting outside; Daddy is thrown through the corral wall and into the sewer, where he dies. Alice and Fool reunite in the basement, the tenants outside reclaim their pilfered fortunes, and the freed People Under the Stairs venture into the night.