A man knocks on a teenage girl's door, claiming to be in need of directions. When the girl leaves to answer the phone, the man sneaks in, and grabs the girl when she returns. Physically and verbally assaulting the girl, the man drags her into a bedroom by the neck, and rapes her. The rapist ejaculates and urinates on the teen's face, and asphyxiates her with a bag while yelling that Richard Ramirez is his "God". Tracking the killer is obnoxious Channel 5 Action News reporter Roberto Negro, who has been receiving taunting letters from the murderer, most of them containing rants about how he worships Satan. The killer and two accomplices  attack a pregnant housewife, filming themselves pummeling and raping her at gunpoint. When the trio finish, they shoot the woman and her dog. Roberto reports on the housewife's death, and while the authorities refuse to confirm there is a serial killer on the loose, Roberto is convinced there is. Spotting a woman having car trouble, the killer and his partners pull up in their van, force her into the vehicle, and take her to their hideout, the interior of which is covered in Satanic graffiti. The woman is filmed being abused, raped and stabbed, with the killer smearing her blood on himself and the walls of the room. An envelope containing a knife, a gun and another note is sent to Roberto, and the police acquire clues from these items. Another package, this one containing a VHS tape, is dropped off at Roberto's office. The tape is a tribute to the killer, showing two of his fans brutalizing and sexually assaulting a woman. Roberto recognizes one of the copycats as a gas station attendant, who the police arrest. In a newscast, Roberto states that the copycat, his partner and the original murderer's accomplices have been apprehended, but the lead killer is still at large. Elsewhere, two men recognize the serial killer when he walks by them on the street, and chase him, being joined by several others. The killer is cornered in an alleyway, and beat and stabbed to death by the angry mob. Roberto finds the man's body, kicks it twice, and walks away.