Idealist John Wickliff Shawnessy , a resident of Raintree County, Indiana, is distracted from his high school sweetheart Nell Gaither  by a young rich New Orleans girl, Susanna Drake . He has a brief and passionate affair with Susanna while she is visiting in Raintree County. She returns to the South, but suddenly reappears to reveal that she is pregnant. John quickly marries her out of honor and duty, and Nell is heartbroken. John and Susanna initially live in the South with Susanna's family. John is an abolitionist and does not fit well into southern society. He learns that Susanna's mother went insane and died in a suspicious fire, along with Susanna's father and a female slave who was intimated to be his lover. Susanna suspects that the slave may even have been her biological mother. It becomes apparent that Susanna has inherited her family's curse of mental illness. She reveals to John that she feigned pregnancy to trick him into marriage. John and Susanna return to Freehaven in Raintree County, Indiana, before the outbreak of the Civil War, where John works as a teacher. They eventually have a child, Jimmy, born at the outbreak of the American Civil War. Into the third year of the Civil War, Susanna develops severe paranoia and delusions. She flees Indiana, taking their young son, Jimmy, with her and seeks refuge among her family in the South. John becomes determined to find her and his son, Jimmy, and enlists in the Union Army, in hopes that he will cross paths with Susanna and Jimmy. He fights in Tennessee and Georgia, and he eventually finds Jimmy and learns that Susanna has been placed in an insane asylum. He is wounded while carrying Jimmy back to Northern lines and then is discharged from the Union Army. John searches for Susanna, finds her in dreadful circumstances in a lunatic asylum and returns with her to Raintree County. News reaches Raintree County that the South has surrendered, and shortly thereafter that Abraham Lincoln has been assassinated. John contemplates his future, and Nell urges him to run for political office. Susanna recognizes that John and Nell still love each other deeply, and she decides to sacrifice herself to make way for John to pursue his career and consummate his love with Nell. She runs into the nearby swamp in the middle of the night to drown herself. Her four-year old son follows her. The search party eventually finds her body, and John and Nell find Jimmy lying asleep at the foot of the legendary Rain Tree of Raintree County.