The film starts in a Budapest Hotel with a narrative introduction by Perlasca, which reveals the historical background of the story told. Disturbed by his chambermaid he is warned of the raid of Arrow Cross storm troopers coming up on the stairs to arrest him. He escapes before being caught and manages to get at the railway station where he tries to sneak onto a sheep transport wagon. Discovered by a local officer named Glückmer he is put under arrest but the while being taken away an Ally air strike hits the station allowing Perlasca an opportunity to escape. He arrives to a bourgeois party where he is trying to get in formation from Contessa Eleonora about resistance members ready to help him in leaving the country. Meanwhile another squad of troopers led by captain Bleiber arrive on the scene and arrest some of the party guests but the contessa uses her social rank to elude from the place and sends Perlasca to Professor Balázs who rescues Jews from persecution. Perlasca follows the advise and goes to his clinic where he spends the night but the place is again investigated by Bleiber and his henchman Lieut. Nagy. the Professor evades the clean-up, though the Jews - afraid of being caught the next day - leave the house and subsequently runs into the trap of Bleiber, who is waiting outside and slaughter them with a night raid. Perlasce survives in the confusion with Magda and her daughter Lili. They reach the Spanish Embassy where - thanks to a self-written letter by Francisco Franco - he is granted to speak with the ambassador Sanz Briz. He sends them to a Spanish safe house of Spain's possession thus no Hungarian laws apply in them . They are accompanied by a local lawyer working for the embassy. There Perlasca meets some refugees from the clinic as well as Eva and Sándor, a Jewish couple and unifies the opposing Jewish parties within the house. He and the lawyer leave the house for s drink but upon his return he recognizes that the house was indeed cleaned up illegally by the Arrow Cross soldiers. He begins searching for Magda first in the railway station where the fascists has already started to gather and load the Jews to wagons ready to roll out. He confronts Glückmer for the second time who helps him instead of putting him in custody. Perlasca is sent to the SS-Führer of the station who is easy to bribe and thus lets him compile a list of Jews needed by the Spanish Embassy. He cheats with the list and actually calls more people to his truck than it is permitted except Magda, who isn't on the train. He then visits an Arrow Cross Interrogation base, where he finds a lot of executed Jews but saves those few who survived the torture with Magde among them. Returning to the Embassy, Briz tells him that they withdraw from Hungary and cease to operate. This is the point where Perlasca decides to take the role of a so-called consul and to lie to be of Spanish nationality and make others call him "Jorge". He refuses to let the Arrow troopers in and acts as if the Embassy would still functioning thus is a neutral territory. He organizes education, alert duty and supplies within these buildings. He visits Gábor Vajna, the Arrow Cross Interior Minister of Hungary as a consul and claim that the Jews housed by the Spanish are Sephardi Jews. Meanwhile Lt. Nagy collects - according to the local rules - the protected Jews to the streets to dump debris caused by air raids. He attempts to escort the group to the railway station for deportation, but is stopped again by a dispatch reporting Perlasca and Vajna's agreement. Then comes the aforementioned encounter with Adolf Eichman where Perlasca saves the lives of two siblings. He then falsifies 5000 'Schutzbriefs'  when he is informed of his own Spanish visa waiting for him at the Hungarian border. He still chooses to stay because Magda's life is in danger. A final raid on the safehouse results in Nagy taking all the Jews  to the Danube bank, while Perlasca is attending to a ball where he tries to borrow a train wagon for his protégés to be sent to Switzerland. While running away from the safehouse, Magda's father is shot at sight by a young militiaman, who tries to test him by asking to finish the prayer "Our father, who art in ... ". As being Jewish he can not do so and the soldier yells "Where is our father?" while Sándor responds "I don't know where he is" and is shot immediately.{{cite web}}{{cite web}}