As a child, Ray Reiter  was the sole survivor when a giant squid, or kraken, attacked his parents' boat. In the present, marine archaeologist Nicole  and her assistants Michael  and Jenny  are searching for a legendary opal and a Trojan death mask in the same area. During an outing Nicole's boat is attacked and the boat's captain is killed leaving everyone in a panic frenzy. The survivors are forced to return to shore and begin to fix their boat while searching for a new skipper. Ray, a sea creature hobbyist pays a visit after learning about the circumstances of the previous skipper's death on the news. While Nicole is suspicious she allows Ray to join the team in return that he fixes her boat. Maxwell Odemus , Nicole's competitor, arrives to taunt Nicole and then offer to join forces with her, but she declines as he tends to steal other people's archaeological finds to sell on the black market. Eventually, Nicole and Ray find the likely spot for the opal and return to shore to prepare themselves for the retrieval mission. That night, Maxwell has one of his goons, Ike  pay off a drunken Michael to learn where Nicole & crew are going, then has their boat burned. Recognizing the distress and broken-dreamed Nicole, Ray buys a new boat using his life savings, and the crew heads back out. Maxwell uses the co-ordinates acquired from Michael to drive out to the treasure spot and his group attack when Nicole's team arrive. Holding Michael, Jenny, and Sally hostage to force Nicole and Ray to cooperate and dive for the artifacts even though the squid is certainly waiting below, Maxwell gets Ike to shoot Micheal, who dies not too long after. Sally, Jenny, and Nicole still are in a fish container that starts flooding from the Kraken attacking the boat. Ray emerges from the water and climbs onto the ship and frees Sally and Nicole and leave Micheal's corpse. In the battle that ensues, the Kraken kills Ike, Jenny, Sally, and Maxwell before being killed by Nicole and Ray. The boat sinks, while Nicole and Ray are safe and Ray saved the mask. The opal is last seen on the bottom of the sea and the film cuts into credits.