Felice Sciosciammocca  is a penniless populated by Naples, which lives by the day by writing and sharing the house with his son Peppiniello, the companion Luis , his friend Pasquale , a professional street photographer, accompanied by the wife Concetta  and his daughter Pupella . One day the Marquis Eugene  knocks at their door asking for a favor: he is in love with the beautiful Gemma , a professional dancer, but her family opposed the union because she is not noble. The girl's father instead, Don Gaetano, a former chef became very rich after inheriting the property of his master, he is happy to allow the relationship because intermarry with the noble would be his dream, but pretend to know the parents of the young. The Marquis and then asks Happy Easter with his wife and daughter to dress up and pretend to be his noble family and to stand with him at the home of Gemma. The situation is complicated because Peppiniello , fed up with accusations of his stepmother, and above all driven by hunger, went to work as maids in their house of Don Gaetano, who works with his partner Vincent, acting Butler, who agreed to keep him pretending to be her son. Don Gaetano not aware of the staging, and not only gave his daughter's hand but he can  to get the "privilege" of having the noble family of the Marquis at lunch, which also participates Luigino , his son, in love with Pupella. But the twists are imminent; woman Bettina , Gemma's personal maid, is the wife of Felix, who left years before, tired of his infidelities. Happy he makes peace with Bettina, showing their son Peppiniello after all this time . As if that were not enough women Luis, who had taken part in the fiction, is a surprise, and by arguing with Felice discover the deception. It will be a twist to resolve the situation: Gemma is courted by the time Mr. Baby , which is none other but the Marquis Ottavio Favetti, father of Eugene. The Marquis discovered the double identity of her father and forced him to consent to his engagement to Gemma. So don Gaetano blesses the union between the two young men, as well as that of Luigi and Pupella, and the meeting of Felice and Bettina.