Sonia  lives with her mother, Mallika  and grandmother  because her parents had divorced when she was ten. A fortnight before her eighteenth birthday, she picks an argument with her mother about her coming home late after the Christmas Party. Her mother tells her to stay within limits and arrive home in time. She is reluctant to abide by the rule and after much negotiation demands that she would listen to everything if she gets to meet her father. Then she leaves home and goes swimming in the sea to vent out. Far into the sea, she vanishes underwater. She wakes up in the evening in a cottage which has no exit. At first she doesn't believe that she has been kidnapped and thinks that her friends are playing a prank on her. The abductor Kabir ([[Imran Khan  tells her how she came there. When she went swimming in the open sea, he pulled her below the water surface and knocked her unconscious using a bottled chloroform. On the other hand, everyone is worried at her home. Next morning, her mother receives a call from Kabir wherein he says that he is interested in speaking to her father, Vikrant Raina , a New York based Indian business tycoon, with whom he has an old score to settle. Vikrant Raina is introduced as a very cruel and heartless person but a very wealthy man, worth of USD 51.7 billion. He is in India because he believes someone has emptied a large share of his money. While there, he sees Mallika in the lounge and asks what brought her there. She tells him that Sonia has been kidnapped and that the kidnapper wants to speak to him only. Its around 3 p.m. when the kidnapper calls again. Vikrant and Sonia speak to each other for the first time in eight years. Kabir tells Vikrant that the money is safe in his own account. Vikrant wants to know what the reason behind the kidnapping is. Kabir tells him that he has to do a couple of things so as to release his daughter. The very first of them is saying "Sorry" to Sister Margaret whom he would find on a train from Panvel at 4 p.m. Vikrant says its crazy to reach there in half an hour. But Kabir tells him that she has a clue of how the father and daughter can meet. Vikrant is determined to reach the place by 4 and he has to overcome unwarranted circumstances. Sister Margaret hands over a piece of paper which has a poetry written on it. Vikrant knows there is something in it so he involves a detective Irfan  who has solved many corporate kidnapping case successfully in the past. But Kabir is interested in playing a deadly game with Raina. He is asked to perform daring tasks  which would reward him with a clue to identify the kidnapper and the motive of kidnapping and at the same time Kabir start to lose control with Sonia but still he stays away from her. On the other hand its hard to believe for Sonia that she has been kidnapped. Initially Kabir is good with her but when she tries to stab Kabir by the name of flirting and hurt his leg and he becomes furious so he tries to misbehave her but he understands that this is not his motivation and leaves her but he ties her up. He survives and takes her to the known cottage. She soon realizes that this house is old cottage. Kabir tells her that when he was a kid he was accused of kidnapping Sonia by Raina when he was trying to save his friend who had fallen from a ladder by borrowing Raina's car which was known to him. He spent a lot of time in jail too. He shows Sonia all the marks he had in prison. One day when he calls no one picks up. He decides to pay a visit there but is detected by Raina and Irfan. He loses Raina but lets him meet his daughter. He tells him to remove Irfan and that he has to flee a prisoner next. Raina does it and follows Kabir. But Irfan attacks Kabir and Raina loses his trail. Vikrant gets to know Sonia's location and reaches there but doesn't find her. The next task is a murder on New Year Eve night,which turns out to be of Kabir himself.. After he does it,Kabir emerges safe and asks him if he really thinks that Kabir was a criminal.After saying sorry to Kabir,Raina finds himself all alone and he gets to know where Sonia is from Kabir's jacket and rescues her. In the end he unites with his wife and the family is happy. At the end Sonia, Vikrant, and Mallika are shown at a restaurant. Sonia starts saying that how happy she is about her family being back together, but starts crying because of how happy she is. While she is going to the washroom to freshen up someone says "Hey you," who turns out to be Kabir. Kabir then says that he's sorry for what he did to her and she didn't deserve it. Kabir tells her that he now works at a software company. Sonia says that she wishes him the best in life and he says the same to her. He then jokingly says that next time she goes swimming she shouldn't go to far out in the sea. They say good-bye and go their own ways.