The film opens with Marziana  dancing and singing in the public square of Baghdad, her faithful aide Dhowlat  playing the dholak. Marziana is an orphan and sings and dances on the streets to earn a living. As the song ends, the tyrant Sher Khan, commander of the unpopular ruler Amir Kasim Khan  tries to force Marziana to come with him to be inducted into the king’s harem, but she resists him with all her might. She is rescued by Ali Baba , who fights with Sher Khan and vanquishes him. Marziana and Dowlat find refuge in Alibaba’s house. Alibaba is a poor woodcutter and lives with his sister Ayisha  and servant Bulbul . Marziana learns that they are the siblings of the king, who had driven them out at the instigation of his cruel wife Salima . Marziana and Alibaba find themselves falling in love. One day, when Alibaba goes to cut wood as usual, he happens to notice the leader of 40 thieves opening a mysterious cave just by saying "Andha ka kasam, Abu ka hukum, Thirandidu Sesame". After the thieves leave, Alibaba secretly enters the cave after memorizing the pass code. He is astounded to see many treasures found in the cave. He slowly collects some of them and brings them home. Seeing the fabulous wealth that Alibaba has brought home from the hideout of the robbers, Marziana is seized by sudden insecurity and doubt. She suspects that this sudden affluence would change Alibaba and he would not remain loyal to her anymore. After realizing that all the wealth is real, she reconciles with Alibaba. Amir Kasim wallows in jealousy when he hears of the sudden fortune of Alibaba, and is determined to ferret out the source of Alibaba’s riches. Under Salima’s guidance, he invites Alibaba and his household for a feast. Cunningly obtaining the secret of the robbers’ cave from Alibaba, he then orders Alibaba’s arrest, accusing him falsely of attempted murder. The ever-resourceful Marziana pretends to hail Kasim’s order. She declares that Alibaba had been unfaithful to her and he deserved this retribution. And taking a knife, she sings this song, acting as though she means to kill Alibaba. But as she nears Alibaba at the end of the song, in a swift movement of the knife she cuts the ropes that bind his hands. Alibaba is free and after a thrilling sword fight in which he is naturally the victor, they make good their escape. Kassim, having memorized the secret message to enter the cave, he goes there and in great greed, starts collecting many treasures. Shortly, he forgets the message, and is left trapped. The thieves come, and kill Kassim for entering their secret cave. Alibaba visits the cave, and is shocked to see his brother dead. He takes away Kassim's body and after the latter's death is publicly announced, Alibaba is declared the king of Baghdad. The entire city rejoices, as Alibaba is known for his noble qualities. Marziana greets him with a song in praise. Meanwhile, the 40 thieves return to their cave and see that Kassim's body is missing. Realizing that someone else has entered their cave, the thieves start their search for the mystery person. From the cobbler Gulam’s  assertion that the woodcutter Alibaba had become wealthy overnight, the leader of the thieves Abu Hussain  guesses that it is Alibaba who has discovered the secret of his cave. However, he kills the cobbler after finding out the secret. Having his men hidden inside barrels, Abu Hussain comes to Alibaba’s house disguised as an oil merchant seeking shelter for the night. By happenstance Marziana notices Abu Hussain whispering to his man hidden in the barrels and realizes his true identity. Dancing at a banquet that Alibaba hosts in honour of the guest, Marziana sings this song even as per prior arrangement each time she sounds the gong while dancing, Dowlat and Bulbul roll the barrels one by one into the swirling waters. Abu Hussain calls his men who were hiding in the barrels, but when they don't come, Marziana reveals that she overheard his conversation with them and eventually had them killed. She reveals that Abu Hussain is present and he also accepts it. This leads to a fight between him and Alibaba, which results in Abu Hussain kidnapping Marziana and fleeing to the secret cave. Alibaba chases him and reaches the cave, where he wins the battle by tossing Abu Hussain into a pond of boiling red water . After Marziana is rescued, everyone becomes prosperous once more.