The film begins with Tommy Lucero  being caught by French police following a foiled robbery at a museum. Tommy seems confident he will not remain in police custody very long. The film then shifts its focus to Henry Durand . Henry had to care for his mother, Marty , when his father died in jail. Now a grown man and an FBI agent, Henry leaves his overweight mother to go work on a case. Upon returning three years later, he finds his mother has lost a considerable amount of weight and is dating several men, one half her age, having turned over a new leaf after a passerby dropped a coin in her coffee cup, mistaking her for a homeless person. Henry announces to his mother that he has recently become engaged to another FBI agent, Emily . Henry finds himself in a very uneasy state with his newly transformed mother and begins to be extremely protective about her. He confides his worries in his fiancée who does not find anything unusual in Marty's behavior. While taking a walk with Henry and Emily, Marty is hit in the head by a toy helicopter being flown by Tommy. Tommy asks to take the trio to dinner at an old Albanian restaurant as an apology. Henry, who is still protective of his mother, grudgingly concedes to go when he notices how much his mother and Emily want to. Romance sparks between Marty and Tommy. Henry, meanwhile, is informed by his FBI superiors that they expect Tommy and two accomplices are going to attempt to steal a sculpture currently on display at a local museum. Along with his fellow agents, Henry spies on his mother around the clock, albeit reluctantly, after the FBI chief implied that he may be shipped to Alaska if he doesn't cooperate. Many uncomfortable situations arise for Henry as he has to listen into the conversations his mother has with Tommy. While stealing the sculpture, Tommy is betrayed by his gang members and shot twice in the chest. He survives due to wearing a ballistic vest, but is later caught by Henry and Emily. Tommy reveals to them that his real name is Tomas Martinez and he is with the CIA. He has been working undercover trying to apprehend a gang of thieves who are stealing art to fund terrorism. He is concerned the gang will attempt to kill Marty as they know he has been romantically involved with her and she may know about their operation. The trio reaches the Durand house in time to rescues Marty from the gang. The film ends the gang members taken into custody while Tommy kisses Marty and Henry kisses Emily.