By moonlight, three bodies float to the surface of the Western Massachusetts stretch of the Connecticut River. At South Station, Boston, Thomas Craven  picks up his daughter, Emma , who has returned home to visit. She vomits while getting into the car. At home, as Craven prepares a meal, Emma starts to nosebleed and vomits again, and becomes frantic, saying that she needs to see a doctor and tell him something. When they stop at the porch, as they hurriedly leave to find a hospital, a masked gunman yells "Craven!" and then fires simultaneous shotgun blasts at Emma before driving away. Blasted through the door, she dies in Craven's arms. At first, everyone believes that Craven, a homicide detective for the Boston Police Department, was the gunman's target, but when Craven finds Emma had a .45 pistol in her night stand, he starts to suspect that Emma was an intended target. At the police station, he checks the ownership of the pistol and finds that it belongs to her boyfriend David . David is living in fear of a nearby company called Northmoor, where Emma worked, and Craven makes a discovery: Emma found out that Northmoor, a research and development facility under contract to the U.S. government, was secretly manufacturing nuclear weapons using foreign material and foreign specifications. It was intended to be traced to foreign nations if they are used as dirty bombs. Following the failed break-in of the activists seen dead at the opening, Emma was poisoned with thallium through a bottle of organic milk. Burning her clothing in his backyard, Craven encounters Jedburgh , a British "consultant" tasked with preventing Craven from discovering Emma's information, or killing him. Jedburgh instead takes a liking to Craven, and leaves him to investigate. David is later killed. Throughout the film, Craven repeatedly imagines he hears and sees his daughter, even having short conversations and interactions with her . Craven also has several encounters with Northmoor agents, and he eventually discovers through one of Emma's friends, another activist who is nearly killed by another of Northmoor's agents, that Jack Bennett , head of Northmoor, ordered the murder of his daughter, as well as the activists Emma was working with to steal evidence of the illegal nuclear weapons. Northmoor personnel kill a hitman marked as a fall guy after he is set up for killing Emma. Craven confronts lawyer and Massachusetts U.S. Senator Jim Pine , contacted earlier by Emma, revealing that they know almost everything that happened. At night, Craven's fellow detective and friend, Bill , talks to Craven at his home while the Northmoor agents break into the house. Craven realizes that Bill set him up, and the agents taser and kidnap him, taking him to Northmoor. Craven, upon waking up handcuffed to a gurney, manages to quickly escape the facility and returns home. His health deteriorating rapidly from the poison, Craven arrives at Bennett's house and kills the agents, one of whom Craven realizes is the man who shot his daughter. After he orders him at gunpoint to scream the name "Craven", he executes his daughter's killer. Bennett shoots Craven, but Craven tackles Bennett and pulls out the radioactive milk. He forces it down Bennett's throat and collapses. A gagging Bennett frantically runs to his cabinet to get pills to counteract the radioactivity, but Craven drags himself over and shoots Bennett in the throat, killing him. Craven is hospitalized for the gunshot wounds and radiation poisoning. Jedburgh, who is revealed to be suffering from an unrelated terminal illness, meets the Senator  and the two political advisors who assigned Jedburgh to eliminate Craven. He listens to their suggestions as to how to play the Northmoor incident in a positive light. He tells them that he is done and then suggests an assassination attempt on the Senator should be the feature story, to drive Bennett's death out of the tabloids. They are happy to go along with the story until Jedburgh coldly tells the senator that he is on the wrong side of the equation. As the meeting ends, Jedburgh abruptly pulls out a gun and shoots both advisors, and then the senator dead, before a young Massachusetts State Police officer enters . Jedburgh points his gun at the officer and asks if the young man has a family and kids. The officer says yes; Jedburgh contemplates shooting the officer, and thus ultimately becoming like those who he sought to stop, lowers his gun to face his death as an honorable man. He is immediately shot dead by the officer. As Craven lies dying in the hospital, a young reporter for the local FOX TV station WFXT, who spoke to Craven a few nights earlier at his home, opens a letter from him with DVDs  revealing the conspiracy, with Craven's "good luck" wishes, ensuring Northmoor's end. As Craven dies, Emma, in spirit form, comforts him. The father and daughter are shown leaving the hospital together, walking down the corridor and toward a bright, white light.