Set in 1979 Syosset, Long Island, New York, Lymelife follows two families who crumble when tangled relationships, real estate problems, and Lyme disease converge in the heart of suburbia. 15-year-old Scott Bartlett is a gentle boy, radically different from his blustery father Mickey and tightly wired mother Brenda. An outbreak of Lyme disease, as well as the accompanying paranoia, hits their suburban community hard. When the Bartletts' neighbor Charlie Bragg is diagnosed with the illness, Brenda calms her fears by duct-taping Scott's cuffs shut. Despite the onset of this invasive ailment, the two families are quite busy. Since Charlie is unable to work, his wife Melissa must keep the income flowing herself. She is hired by Mickey, who is the developer of an enormous subdivision, and though this gesture is a friendly favor, it is also partially motivated by lust. Mickey's history of philandering is one of the many things upsetting his wife Brenda, who yearns for the comfort of their old neighborhood in Queens. Growing up amid this conflict is Scott, who has been in love with the Braggs' one year-older daughter Adrianna for all of his young life. She is starting to return his interest. Charlie has been spending days hiding in his basement, while his wife believes he is in Manhattan on job interviews. He is obsessed with hunting deer, though he has not done so in the two years since a deer tick gave him his Lyme disease. Scott often comes across him in the woods between their houses shooting targets, and they have a good relationship, one of the only ones Charlie is able to maintain throughout his illness. When Scott notices Charlie's hands shaking, he asks what the disease feels like. Charlie tells Scott that the illness feels like a bad flu most days, while on other days it feels like his head is on fire. Things heat up when Jimmy, Scott's older brother, comes home from the army on their mom's birthday. Scott uses the opportunity to discuss the awkwardness in their parents' relationship, mentioning that it has been a year since he last saw a box of condoms under their bed, and even the comfort of her sons' presence doesn't seem to overcome the shame and nervousness the failing marriage is causing her. Scott thinks she is crazy, but Jimmy knows the full story of their father's philandering, and is the only one who treats her lovingly. Scott has developed the same behaviors toward her shown by the frustrated, but also guilty, father. However, this is soon to end, since the not-well-kept secret comes out. Finally, Brenda leaves early from Jimmy's going-away party, when it is clear from the way the Mickey and Melissa drunkenly dance together that there is a relationship occurring. Jimmy and Mickey have a confrontation. Circumstances shift when Scott learns of the affair and confronts his mother. Adrianna helps him through this, but shuns him after a rumor spread from a lie he tells a friend after she gets serious with an older boy. Once Brenda can no longer look the other way, she kicks Mickey out of the house, and he moves in next door where he has been building a larger, more modern house for the family. Brenda is once again able to act the role of an effective parent, at one point driving Scott to the house of a boy he just beat up to apologize. Scott is suspended from school for a week, and his mother takes him to his father's house so they can join forces in this crisis, but Mickey turns the conversation into an opportunity to vent his own continued anger toward her. Charlie also confronts Mickey after he inadvertently witnesses the affair firsthand, since Mickey and Melissa had sex in the basement while Charlie was hiding out in another basement room during a non-existent job-hunting trip. When his wife finds out that he has been letting her earn the family's keep, she packs to leave. In the final scenes Scott and Adrianna reconnect and lose their virginities to each other. Brenda and Mickey also reconcile that night, and the following morning, Mickey is hanging a "For Sale" sign at the new house when Scott and Adrianna get on the school bus. Meanwhile, Charlie is stalking a deer in the woods with his rifle, which happens to make it readily available during the confrontation with his wife. The movie ends with views of the various characters and a gunshot is heard while the camera is on Scott and Adrianna riding the school bus, then reveals that Charlie has shot Mickey.