Kurt Anderson is the utterly ruthless, hard-driving general manager of the Monroe department store. When new clothing supplier Garfinkle tells him that part of the large first order will be delayed three days because of labor trouble, Anderson cancels it all and tells his secretary to sue for damages. Garfinkle is ruined, but Anderson does not care in the least. Late that night, Anderson finds Madeline Walters hiding in the store. Broke and unemployed, she is going to apply to work at Monroe's first thing in the morning. When she finds out who he is, she lets him take advantage of her to ensure she gets a job as a model in the clothing department. With the Great Depression cutting into the store's business, Anderson demands new ideas from his department heads. When Martin West comes up with an innovative idea, Higgins, the longtime head of men's clothing does not approve, but Anderson is impressed. He promptly tells Martin to go ahead, and fires Higgins. Seeing promise in West, Anderson makes him his assistant. He tells his new protégé that he must devote himself completely to business and nothing else if he is to get ahead; he asks if Martin is married, and is relieved when the answer is no. However, Martin and Madeleine fall in love. He tells her that he cannot marry her until his position is more secure, but, on an impulse, does so anyway, though he keeps it a secret. This puts a strain on their relationship. Anderson believes all women are after only one thing - financial security. He doubles employee Polly Dale's salary to keep his nominal overseer, Denton Ross, occupied, leaving him a free hand to manage the store any way he sees fit. Meanwhile, Higgins tries repeatedly to see Anderson to try to get his job back. Eventually Higgins gives up and commits suicide, jumping out of the ninth floor of the store. Martin is dismayed when Anderson is completely unperturbed by the news. The Wests quarrel at a company party. Anderson finds a vulnerable Madeleine alone and gets her drunk. When she decides to leave, he invites her to rest for a while and clear her head in his hotel suite. Once again, he takes advantage of the situation to spend the night with her. The next day, Madeleine insists that he leave her alone. During their heated conversation, she lets slip that she is married to Martin. After she quits and threatens to take her husband with her, Anderson tries to get Polly to seduce Martin, but she refuses. Then he has Martin eavesdrop on the intercom while he summons Madeleine to his office. Martin learns of the times Madeleine slept with Anderson. When Madeleine tries  to kill herself, a furious Martin confronts and threatens to kill his boss. Anderson, facing his own dismissal by cautious bankers afraid of his ambitious plans, dares him to do it, even providing a gun. Martin shoots, but only inflicts a minor wound. When employees dash in, Anderson acts as if nothing had happened. Martin quits. Ross manages to contact the store's frequently absent owner, Commodore Franklin Monroe, and gets his proxy just in time for the vote of the board of directors. Anderson keeps his job. He promptly promotes Garfinkle, embittered and now just as ruthless, to be his new assistant.