The story begins in 1917; Baby Jane Hudson  is a vaudevillian child star. She performs to adoring crowds and even inspires the creation of a rather expensive “Baby Jane” doll. Jane becomes a spoiled brat whose doting stage-father Ray  gives in to her every whim. Her jealous sister Blanche  watches from the wings. By 1935, the sisters' roles have been reversed. Both are movie stars, but Blanche is the successful and glamorous one, while Jane’s films have flopped. Unable to establish her talent as an adult actress, Jane has taken to drinking. One night after a party, one of them is at the gate of her mansion while the other one, in her car, steps on the gas and smashes into the gate. It is unclear which sister is driving. In the present, Blanche  and Jane  are retired from their careers and share a residence. Blanche, crippled from the automobile accident, is usually holed up in her bedroom watching her old movies on television. Jane is a shadow of her former self, still drinking and wearing caked-on makeup. She is abusive towards her sister, who now depends on her. Except for cleaning woman Elvira  and a nosy next-door neighbor, there are few visitors. Elvira fears for Blanche’s safety because of Jane’s erratic behaviour. She even tells Blanche that her sister has been opening her mail and dumping it in the trash. Discovering that Blanche intends to sell the house and possibly put her in a sanatorium, Jane responds by increasing her abuse. Blanche’s beloved parakeet even disappears. Meanwhile, Jane gets the urge to go back into show business. In the living room, she sings her signature song from when she was a little girl, “I’ve Written a Letter to Daddy.” But when she gets a look at herself in the mirror and sees what time and age have done to her, she screams. Hearing this, Blanche presses a buzzer in her room to see what has happened. Jane responds by cursing and ripping the phone out of the wall in Blanche’s bedroom. She brings Blanche her lunch, and serves the dead parakeet in a covered dish. Blanche is so frightened she refuses to look at the food Jane brings her next. Planning a comeback, Jane places a newspaper ad for a pianist. Blanche writes a note pleading for help and throws it from a window. The neighbor, Mrs. Bates  is outside but doesn’t see it. Nor can Mrs. Bates hear Blanche, because her daughter Liza  is playing loud music. Jane returns, finds the note, and mocks Blanche, telling her that she will never leave the house. Then she drops the note in Blanche’s lap. Jane gets a response to her ad. An overweight man named Edwin Flagg  makes an appointment to see her that afternoon. Jane gives Elvira the day off and takes lunch to Blanche.  Blanche lifts the cover off the dish to find a dead rat. This sends her into hysterics. Later, Edwin shows up at the house. While Jane is showing him a scrapbook of herself, Blanche activates the buzzer. Enraged, Jane goes upstairs where she rips the buzzer apart and smacks her sister. Back in the living room, Jane rehearses with Edwin at the piano. She does a grotesque version of “Daddy.” Edwin tries to hide his horror because he realizes he can take advantage of the situation. They agree to his salary and Jane drives him home. While she’s out, Blanche discovers that Jane has practiced forging her signature and is writing checks. She tries to get down the stairs to use the telephone. When she reaches the phone, she calls Jane’s doctor and tells him that she needs help. Jane arrives back and finds Blanche talking to him. Blanche abruptly gets off the phone, and Jane beats her senseless, kicking her in the head and stomach. Disguising her voice as her sister’s, Jane picks up the phone and calls the doctor back. She tells him not to come because “Jane” has found another doctor. Then Jane drags her sister to her room, ties her up by her arms, gags her and leaves her there. The next day, Elvira arrives to work. Jane tells her that her services are no longer needed and dismisses her. Suspicious, Elvira sneaks into the house when Jane leaves. As the maid enters the room and finds Blanche bound and gagged, Jane hits her on the head with a hammer and kills her. Then she puts the body in her car and disposes of it. The police call the house and tell Jane that a relative of her maid has reported her missing. She tells them that she hasn’t seen her for a week. Jane prepares to leave with her sister, fearing the police will discover what she’s done. Suddenly, Edwin shows up to receive his first payment. Blanche is able to knock something down in her room and Edwin goes up and sees the condition she’s in. She begs for help, and Edwin runs out of the house to get the police. Desperate, Jane puts her sister in the car and drives to the beach. The next morning, the search is on for them. Elvira’s body has been found and there are bulletins on the radio. Blanche, starved and dehydrated, is lying on the sand with Jane sitting beside her. Knowing that she is near death, Blanche tells Jane the truth about what happened years before. It was she, Blanche, who had tried to run over her drunken sister. Jane, however, had moved out of the way in time and Blanche had slammed into the gate and snapped her own spine, managing to drag herself out of the car. Because Jane was too drunk to realize what happened she has since believed that she was responsible for her sister’s condition. Jane sadly asks, "You mean all this time we could have been friends?" With her mental condition completely deteriorated, Jane runs off to a beach-side concession booth to get ice-cream cones for the two of them. The police arrive to find Jane as she dances on the sand, with a crowd surrounding her. Finally she again has the attention that she’s craved, and she dances, joyfully, happy at last in her decayed imagination. The police spot a motionless Blanche lying on the sand and hurry over to help her as the film ends. Whether Blanche has survived is not revealed.