The film follows the individuals of six unrelated love stories from around the world, some ending in happiness and some ending in tragedy. In Marseille, a young man  flees from a gangster. His girlfriend follows him on a motorcycle. When she arrives at the scene of confrontation, she finds that the gangster is pointing a gun at Rashid, but that they are frozen in time. In Luxembourg, a married middle-aged man carries on a relationship with a young man. In Tokyo, a computer technician fixes a computer for a customer. He finds images of a woman on the computer's hard drive and falls in love with her. He tracks her down to the restaurant where she works, and goes there intending to give her a letter telling her of his love for her. Before he enters the restaurant, however, he is randomly stabbed by a passing thug. Unaware that he has been stabbed, he enters the restaurant, sits down and orders a meal from the woman. Before he can give her the letter, he realises that he has been seriously injured and collapses on the floor. In Belgrade, a woman works in a shop selling wedding dresses. Her unreliable husband plays in a local band. Their relationship falters, but they are eventually reconciled. In Brooklyn, a young taxi driver is convinced that his girlfriend is seeing another man. While driving the streets, he thinks he sees her on the way to a meeting with her lover. He follows her into an apartment building, but he is mistaken – it is another woman. He returns to his girlfriend, and they are reunited. In Rio de Janeiro, a woman is watching a TV soap opera when her TV breaks down. She takes it to a TV repair shop. On her way home from the shop, she is hit by a car driven by the good-looking male star of the soap opera, who is on his way to the film set. She is not seriously injured and refuses his offer to take her to the hospital. Instead he takes her to the film set, where she watches the filming and is given a walk-on part in the show where she lovingly embraces him.