Saraswati Sabatham tells the story of a dispute between three goddesses over which has the best power. Narada , a sage and celestial troublemaker, begins the fight by visiting Saraswati ([[Savitri , the Goddess of knowledge, and purposely annoys Her by saying that wealth is more important and abundant. Saraswati angrily said that She will prove that Her power, knowledge is more important. Narada then goes to Vaikuntha to see Lakshmi , the Goddess of wealth, and also annoys Her by saying that education is more abundant and is the best. Lakshmi also retorted that She will prove that Her power of wealth is more important. Narada finally goes to Mount Kailas, seeking Parvati([[Padmini , the goddess of power and strength and annoys Her too, saying that wealth and knowledge is more important. Parvati too stressed that She will prove that Her power of strength is more important. The three Goddesses, having turned against each other, each decide to choose someone on earth and bless them powers so that each of them can prove their power and make the other two Goddesses lose. Saraswati blesses a mute person, Vidyapati , to speak and gives him all the knowledge in the world. There is a place where a Maharaja rules but he has no children. He is dying so his minister sends the royal elephant into the streets with a garland. The person whose neck the elephant puts the garland on will be the next Maharani or Maharaja. Lakshmi controls the royal elephant and makes it give the garland to a beggar girl . Now the beggar girl is a very wealthy Maharani and lives in a palace. There is someone who has been a coward his whole life , whom Parvati blesses to become very strong. Coincidentally the three people chosen by the Goddesses belong to the same country. The three humans fight and the three Goddesses fight to make each other lose, causing a chaos in the country. In the midst of them, a married couple (Nagesh and [[Manorama  who work in the prison security and as the queen's attendant respectively, also dispute with each other, providing comic relief. In the end the Trinity of Gods, Lord Shiva, Lord Vishnu , and Lord Brahma settles the dispute by explaining the importance of knowledge, wealth, and strength combined, and how dangerous it is if each power goes separately. Finally, the three Goddesses reconcile and the three blessed by them along with the common people unite and realise that knowledge, wealth and strength are all equally important in many ways. The three Goddesses blesses the country and Sage Narada, thanking him for making the world understand the unity of knowledge, wealth and strength and for uniting them also, marking the end of the film.