{{Plot}} The movie begins with Massie Block screaming at her mother and father for ruining her original plans of going to an "end of the year" party because of the arrival of her father's best friend and his family, the Lyons, who are moving from Orlando to Westchester to live in the Block's guesthouse while they find a new house. Angry at her parents, Massie calls her three best friends Dylan, Alicia and Kristen and tells them false embarrassing facts about Shelby Wexler, the host of the party, and they decide not to go. Her mother later makes a deal that if is nice to the Lyons' daughter Claire, she could go to the "end of the year" party. When the Lyons arrive, Massie immediately dislikes Claire. At dinner, Massie rushes the family just so she could leave for the party, but is annoyed when her mother invites Claire to go to the party. Massie pretends to be sick and goes to bed early. Later that night while talking with her mother about Massie's fashion style, Claire convinces her mother to take her shopping for new clothes to fit in with the people in town. The next day, while shopping Claire meets Dylan in the high-priced store offering her advice on how to get a pair of jeans when her mother refuses to because she wasn't a certain size. Dylan was nice and sweet to Claire, but was unaware of the fact that she was living in Massie's house and didn't approve. Claire finds a pair of white jeans she loves, which she finds to be a very fashionable outfit and worthy for Octavian Country Day School. Her mother wouldn't buy the pair of jeans because of the high price tag, but later surprises her with them. The next day, while riding her horse, Massie meets a boy named Chris Abeley, who she instantly develops a crush on. Chris is a high-school student at Briarwood, and he knew Massie from her parents' annual charity auction. After flirting with Chris, they both agreed to meet the next week for riding in her parents' private trail. On the first day of school, Claire goes to school with Massie and her driver. After being asked by Massie to switch for the backseat, the driver picks up Dylan, and they instantly recognize each other, but Dylan stops being nice to Claire because of Massie's disapproval. Alicia and Kristen are later picked up along and when Kristen asks Massie if they "like her" and Massie states with a firm, "No." While walking into the school, Claire runs into Chris Abeley, who is riding his skateboard and falls on top of Claire and the two talk. Massie sees this and storms into the school, furious at Claire. Claire comes by minutes later and asks Massie for a room location and Massie replies with a snide remark. Claire asks why is she acting like "a bitch", leading up to a fight. The girls then begin to plan a way to "ruin" Claire in result. During art class, Alicia spills red paint all over Claire's jeans and texts the other girls saying how it looks like Claire got her period. After seeing the red paint, the art teacher tells Claire to go to the nurse office; without telling her why. After looking for the office, Claire asks Dylan for directions who is outside, and she gives her false directions leading her to the class Massie is in  a person with lots of friends who secretly hate you; they all chose B, except Claire, who preferred to be a friendless loser. Although in the book this is switched and Massie admires her for her honesty  Alicia then makes a rude comment about how she "got her wish", implying that she is a friendless loser. Later while playing truth or dare Alicia asks Massie if she ever kissed a boy and Massie says to ask her after the auction, an it will be a definite yes, because of Chris Abeley. Massie then asks Claire who she likes, and Claire admits she likes Chris Abeley. Dylan points out that is the boy that Massie was talking about kissing and Claire assumes he's her boyfriend, to which Alicia makes a snappy comment. Kristen suggests they go to sleep. They shut off the lights, but Alicia makes a farting noise with her hands and frames Claire for the incident. Claire shoots a comeback saying it was the sound of Alicia's boobs rubbing together, knowing that she is sensitive about them. Claire soon after leaves, even though Massie says she doesn't have to. Claire shoots back with "Have to? I want to." Massie then lets Claire leave. The next day Layne arrives at the guest house to see Claire; where all the girls including Massie learn Layne is actually Chris Abeley's sister. To make Massie jealous, Claire purposely caresses Chris' hair after being told he already has a girlfriend. Furiously, Massie goes horseback riding to meet with Chris and says to his surprise, that she has always liked Layne, and takes his cap saying she will auction it, so he'd have to go to the auction. At school Massie pretends to be friends with Layne. Layne deserts Claire after being told by Massie that Claire ditched her to go to Massie's sleepover. Massie tells Layne that they will be secret friends and they hit the spa together, where Massie presses her for information about Chris, and if he ever talks about her. To which Layne replies he has never once mentioned her. Massie is embarrassed by Layne and her loud and obnoxious behavior in the spa. While waiting for Massie to arrive at their Glambition meeting at the Block's pool, Claire decides to go for a swim. She lies to the girls about the brand of her bathing suit  and they all decide to have fun swimming until Massie arrives and shoots down Claire, seeing through Claire's lie of her bathing suit brand. Claire's mother notices something is wrong, after seeing her daughter come home in tears, but Claire says not to worry because she'll talk to Massie about it. Claire goes to the Block's house to talk things out with Massie, and after seeing that the room was empty she hijacks Massie's I.M. and starts I.M.ing with Alicia pretending to be Massie; she says she now likes Claire and assigns the next day's wardrobe, shorts over tights; which everyone wears but Massie. The next night, Claire goes up to Massie's I.M. again, and insults Dylan saying her legs would not look good in a miniskirt. Dylan becomes mad at Massie and starts to wear long skirts to hide her legs. The next night, Claire hides Massie's dog, Bean, to gain more time at hijacking Massie's I.M. While I.M.ing Kristen her brother walks in to Massie's room to her surprise and starts looking at Massie's things while Claire was at the computer. She finds out Kristen's secret: her parents are actually poor and Kristen attends OCD on a scholarship. In exchange for Kristen's secret, Claire  tells her that she has befriended Layne and actually likes her. Claire escapes in time to get away from Massie by the aid of Todd. The next day, Kristen, Dylan and Alicia befriend Claire and ditch Massie, because they believe that she is friends with Layne instead of them now. Claire accepts, and even hangs out with them after school. They go to a designer store, and Alicia offers to buy her a dress for the charity auction and gives Claire her old phone, so they can keep in touch to hang out. Dylan invites Claire to her house, but Claire protests and says she has to be home by 5:00. However, Claire goes to Dylan's house anyway. Claire gets home to her mother, who had been worried sick for Claire. Her mom ends up banning her from hanging out with Alicia, Dylan, and Kristen because she felt her attitude has changed and demands her to return the expensive dresses. That night, Massie I.M.s all of her friends, but only Kristen replies after she told her the lip gloss tubes for Glambition had arrived. Kristen arrives to pick up the package when she and Massie get into a heated argument and find out about Claire's scheme. Afterwards the four hook up Claire in a conference call, telling her that her fun, as well as her, is over. The next day the girls come over and start working on a makeup recipe together to hand out at the school field trip to NYC. The girls suggest Massie jump out of a cake with a special outfit to surprise Chris Abeley on the day of the auction, since his birthday is the same day, and Massie decides to wear a custom-made t-shirt reading "I ♥ ChrisAbeley" while popping out of the cake. Claire then comes down with a long and somewhat guilty face and asks to borrow an egg, which Massie agrees to, throwing it at Claire, who runs out crying; Massie reassures her position as the leader of the Pretty Committee. Before departing for the school's field trip, Claire makes up with Layne. Massie and her friends start selling their lip gloss, causing many of the girls' lips to swell after an allergic reaction to the peanut oil in the glosses  A friendless loser." It then cuts to a scene of Claire in bed, smelling her rose and telling her mother about the auction. She says she's not sure how long it's going to last. When her mother asks if she was talking about her friendship with Massie or the flower, Claire replies both. The film ends with Massie writing her State of the Union saying that Claire is both in and out.