Retired school teacher and divorcee John Gustafson  and former TV repairman and widower Max Goldman , are former childhood friends and longtime next-door neighbors in Wabasha, Minnesota. Their rivalry began decades earlier when John had "stolen" Max's high school sweetheart, May, with whom John went on to marry and have two children with, daughter Melanie  and son Brian . Max went on to marry a woman named Amy, with whom he had his son Jacob . Despite their differences, both men lead similar boring and lonely single lives, and share a mutual love of the Minnesota winter pastime of ice fishing, as well as competing, arguing, insulting, and pulling cruel practical jokes on each other whenever possible. A subplot of the film involves John's ongoing issues with the Internal Revenue Service , owing thousands in back taxes, and his desperate attempts to avoid field agent Elliot Snyder . The vacant house across the street is being moved into, but neither Max or John know who the new neighbor is until both are awakened at 1:30 AM by the sound of a snowmobile racing up and down the street. They see their beautiful new neighbor is college professor Ariel Truax , who quickly becomes the talk of the town with her exuberant lifestyle and bizarre tactics to get to know her new neighbors. Their mutual lifelong friend Chuck , who owns the lakeside bait shop, advises that they take advantage of the opportunity, as does John's 94-year old father, John Sr. . But both men publicly act indifferent over the prospect. At Thanksgiving with their families, John and Max peer longingly out their windows at Ariel's house, when they see Chuck arrive at her place with roses and chocolates. Intrigued, both men speed to the bait shop the next morning to find out the details. Chuck says there was no sex, and describes being with Ariel was like being young again. This encourages John and Max to ask Ariel on a date later that evening. Max beats John over to Ariel's house, and they go ice fishing the next day. John goes to the bait shop, finding it closed and padlocked, and learns that Chuck has died in his sleep. When Max arrives home, gloating over his "victory" with Ariel, John informs him of Chuck's death, and after nearly coming to blows, both men go inside to deal with their grief. John then angrily answers a knock at his door and finds Elliot Snyder, the IRS Agent who he had been avoiding. After arriving back home later that evening, he finds Ariel in his kitchen cooking a meal for them. It seems Ariel has more of a connection to John, due in part to their careers in education. They continue to enjoy fun and intimate moments with each other, until one evening Ariel decides to spend the night. That next morning, after learning what happened, an enraged Max pushes the feud to the next level by using his truck to push John's ice shanty towards thin ice with John still in it. John angrily confronts Max, who accuses John of stealing Ariel like he did years earlier with May. After the skirmish is broken up by John Sr., Max painfully reminds John of his tax problems, and that he cannot wait around for another Amy. John decides to let Max "win" and breaks up with Ariel, who does not take the news well. John enters a depression that only worsens when Max and Ariel begin spending time together, culminating on Christmas Eve when his daughter Melanie comes over with her estranged husband Mike , whom John is not fond of. After arguing with Mike, John abruptly leaves and heads to a local tavern. Jacob shows up at the Gustafsons to wish "Merry Christmas" to Melanie, when she asks if he can help get their fathers to make peace for Christmas. Jacob demands Max to end the feud, and go make peace. Max has no idea that John is depressed over Ariel, and when Max's half-hearted peacemaking efforts prove futile, John questions Max's love for Ariel and leaves. Finally realizing that John loves Ariel, Max leaves moments later to finish the conversation, but finds John in a snowdrift suffering a massive heart attack. With John clinging to life in a hospital, Max decides to call off the feud, and tell Ariel everything. She then goes to the hospital and reconciles with him. While John is recovering, an unsympathetic Mr. Snyder discloses to Max that John owes $57,000 due to penalties and interest, and plans to get the money by selling his house. Max then barricades John's front door, and gets Jacob, now mayor of Wabasha, to get an injunction against the IRS from seizing John's property. John and Ariel marry several months later, as Max helps pay John's taxes, thanks to Jacob's getting the penalties and interest waived and Max putting up the $13,000 he owes as a loan. That night, Max goes to a VFW event in hopes of meeting a woman. His son, Jacob, takes that opportunity to go to John's house to visit Melanie. As the credits are rolling, many outtakes of the film play including several alternate versions of the scene involving Jack Lemmon and Burgess Meredith at the window as they watch Chuck woo Ariel. Later, at the end of the credits, Walter Matthau is taking a bath, saying directly to the audience, "If I knew there was a nude scene in this picture, I would have asked for another million!"