Wendy Christensen, a senior high school student and a photographer visits an amusement park with her boyfriend Jason Wise, best friend Carrie Dreyer and Carrie's boyfriend Kevin Fischer on their senior class field trip. As they board the Devil's Flight roller coaster, Wendy has a premonition that it will suffer many malfunctions, killing everybody on board. When events from her vision begin to repeat themselves in reality, she panics and attempts to stop the coaster from being launched. Wendy and several others leave or are forced off the ride - Kevin, best friends Ashley Freund and Ashlyn Halperin, athlete Lewis Romero, goths Ian McKinley and Erin Ulmer, and alumnus Frankie Cheeks. Moments later, the roller coaster crashes, killing all the remaining riders, including Carrie and Jason, devastating Wendy. Afterwards, Wendy learns from Kevin about the explosion of Flight 180 and the subsequent events that killed the survivors. Wendy, believing that Kevin is mocking her, dismisses this theory. Later on, Ashley and Ashlyn are killed when their tanning beds malfunction and burn them alive, when the salon manager, Yuri cannot save them as he is locked out. Realizing Death may be after them, Wendy and Kevin set out to save the remaining survivors, using what they believe to be omens contained in photos that were taken of them prior to the crash. Frankie dies next at a drive-thru when a runaway truck crashes into the back of Kevin's truck, causing Kevin's engine fan to blow out of his truck and slice off the back of Frankie's head. The next day, they try to save Lewis, but he doesn't believe them, but then two iron weights swing down and crush his head. They find Ian and Erin working at a hardware store. As they explain to them what is going on, Ian speculates that if the last in line were to kill themselves, it would ruin Death's plan and save the remaining survivors. Wendy manages to save Ian as he is about to be crushed by planks of wood, but Erin stumbles backwards onto a nail gun and is shot repeatedly through the head, leaving Ian devastated. Wendy learns that her sister Julie was also on the coaster and rushes to the county fair to save her. She and Kevin are able to prevent Julie from being impaled on a harrow, Wendy then asks Julie who was sitting next to her on the coaster. Her question is answered when Julie's friend, Perry Malinowski is impaled by a flagpole launched by a rope from a horse, as Wendy, Julie and Julie's other friend Amber Regan watch in horror Wendy saves Kevin from an explosion caused by the commotion and is confronted by a deranged Ian, who blames her for Erin's death. The explosion sets off fireworks which nearly hit Wendy and Ian, but instead strike a nearby cherry-picker holding a large sign. As Ian shouts that he is not going to die, the cherry picker falls on him and crushes him in half. Wendy believes the sign was meant for her. Five months later, Wendy is on a subway train with her roommate Laura and her friend Sean and spots Kevin and Julie. Suddenly Wendy has a premonition that the train will derail, causing their deaths. The three try to stop the train, but the screen cuts to black and the sound of screeching metal is heard.