In 1880 in the fictional central European country of Gorslava, prominent London physician Sir Robert Cargrave ([[Ronald Lewis  has come to the mysterious Baron Sardonicus  at the urgent request of his one-time love, Maude , now the Baron's wife. Sir Robert becomes apprehensive when his enquiries about Sardonicus are met with fear. When Sir Robert arrives at Castle Sardonicus, his fears are quickly justified: one of his first sights is that of Sardonicus' servant Krull  torturing one of the Baron's servants by placing leeches on her face. Maude herself is fearful of what will happen if Sir Robert is not willing to do as Sardonicus asks of him. Even Krull is not immune to the Baron's cruelty as he is missing an eye, thanks to Sardonicus' anger. Sardonicus tells Sir Robert his story. Once he was Marek Toleslawski, a farmer like his father Henryk . Marek and his wife Elenka  live a humble life, but Elenka and Henryk want more: he buys a ticket for the national lottery. Henryk dies in his sleep that night. Marek and Elenka learn that the ticket is a winner but can only claim the prize if they have the ticket, which was buried with Henryk. Elenka presses Marek to retrieve the ticket so he can, as she says, prove his love to her. Marek opens the grave and is horrified to see his father's skull seemingly grinning at him but, after screaming, running away, and coming back, retrieves the ticket. When he returns home, he and Elenka realize something is wrong: Marek cannot speak. Elenka lights a candle and sees Marek's face contorted into a fixed terrifying grin, similar to Henryk's skull. The prize money allows Marek to buy a title and castle; but Elenka commits suicide soon after seeing his face for the first time, so she cannot share the riches with him. Marek renames himself "Sardonicus"  and learns to speak all over again with the help of some of the greatest diction experts in the world. His own experiments on young women were to find a cure for his condition, but he has had no success. Since Sardonicus' new wife Maude had mentioned Sir Robert as a great doctor specializing in paralysis, he had hoped Sir Robert would help restore his face. . Sir Robert agrees to try. Sir Robert's efforts at restoring Sardonicus's face have no effect. Sardonicus demands he try new and experimental treatments and, when Sir Robert refuses, threatens to mutilate Maude's face to match his own. Sir Robert sends for equipment and supplies, including a deadly South American plant which he uses to experiment on dogs. When Sardonicus then has Maude and Sir Robert see the open upright coffin of Henryk Toleslawski which he'd had brought to the castle, Sir Robert conceives an idea: he will inject Sardonicus with a diluted plant extract, then recreate the event that led to Sardonicus' condition. Though Sardonicus is skeptical, he agrees. The injection is made, the room darkened, and a light shined on the skull. Sardonicus screams in agony, imagining Henryk's flesh has been restored. Sir Robert comes into the room to find Sardonicus' face is back to normal, though Sir Robert advises him to not speak until his facial muscles have had time to adjust. The Baron writes a note to Maude annulling their marriage, and a note to Sir Robert, asking his fee. Sir Robert tells Sardonicus, "You owe me nothing", and Sardonicus lets them both go. At the train station for the trip back to London, Sir Robert and Maude are confronted by a frightened Krull, who tells them Sardonicus not only cannot speak, he cannot open his jaw or lips at all. They must return and help him. But Sir Robert tells Krull that the injection was only water, that the plant extract would have been lethal even in a small dose. What happened was all psychological, and once Sardonicus realizes that, he will be all right and able to speak and eat.  The story resumes with Krull returning to the castle, and lying to the Baron, telling him that he just missed Sir Robert . This dooms Sardonicus to death by starvation, while Krull cruelly sits down to eat his lavish dinner in front of the Baron.