The movie starts with sixteen-year old Roscoe and his best friend Samantha. Her band, the Zetta Bytes, are having no success, because despite Samantha's abilities to sing and play guitar, she is told that she needs dance to be able to perform which she can't do. So, Roscoe uses his knowledge of his father's holographic programming to create a human hologram named Loretta. Their first gig, a school dance, goes well and Loretta is a big hit with band and the audience, except for Sam, who is jealous of Loretta's "perfection" and suspects that Roscoe likes Loretta more than her. Despite her feelings, she accepts when Roscoe asks her to take care of Loretta so his dad does not find her and delete her. When they go back to the same club that rejected them before they had Loretta sing lead, they land a spot in amateur night. Their second performance goes well - until the very end when Loretta starts to lose her pattern and people can see that she is not real. For a moment, everyone is silent, then they applaud. Everyone seemed to like the idea of a holographic rockstar. But when their fame escalates, Sam becomes jealous. Loretta, though, struggles with individuality and has an argument with Roscoe about her "perfection" being limited. She escapes into the internet, and sends herself to Sam's computer in an e-mail. Roscoe becomes frantic, perhaps realizing that he has feelings for Loretta. When he goes looking for Loretta at Sam's, they argue over how Loretta is not real and how Roscoe was falling in love with her. Then Sam kisses Roscoe and tells him that she is real, not Loretta. Roscoe, surprised by the kiss, changes the subject by asking where Loretta is. Sam, annoyed and slightly hurt that Roscoe did not kiss her back, tells him that she is safe inside the Holographic Storage Container. Roscoe is relieved to find Loretta that he has hurt Sam for using her ears for Loretta's look. Roscoe attends a meeting with Harshtone Records, the company that is going to record The Zetta Bytes's first CD, with his father. They have decided to team up with Skygraph, his father's company, and make more holographic rock stars. But when Roscoe sees that they are planning to rob the holograms of their individuality, he argues that Loretta is not just a program, but a person with thoughts and feelings. His dad sides with him, but Loretta is taken from them and they are sent away from the meeting in anger. Daryl Fibbs, however, has a change of heart and decides that every performer, including Loretta, has a choice. He gives her the option to stay at Harshtone or escape into the web. Loretta goes into the internet a second time, and Fibbs quits Harshtone. Unfortunately, The Zetta Bytes cannot find Loretta for their next concert in time. Sam tries to replace Loretta on stage, but falls on the back of her head, slipping into a coma. When Loretta comes back out of the web and sees that Sam is unconscious, she enters Sam's brain through an EG machine to try and help her, despite the risk of being trapped there. She arrives in Sam's mind to see Samantha in a depressed trance, but helps her snap out of it. She reveals to Sam that she hates that everyone thinks she is perfect and that she envies Sam's ability to learn. They discover that there is only enough room for one of them at a time, though, and Samantha lets Loretta take over her body to experience being able to touch and feel. The Loretta-possessed Sam goes outside and finally feels the rain, something she has longed to do throughout the film. She leaves Samantha's body after a lightning strike and is not seen again, possibly erasing her from existence. At Zetta Bytes' final performance, Sam sings a ballad about Loretta's death. She and Roscoe are finally together, and this time both kiss. But when they ask the other band members if they were singing harmony, they give negative responses. A few moments later, Roscoe sees Loretta's ghostly figure in the spotlight, and he comments that The Zetta Bytes have a guardian angel.