The film starts with a mourning being held at Avtaar Industries. Radha Kishen  garlands her husband Avtaar Kishen's  bust. The story starts from a flashback. Radha is the only daughter of Seth Jugal Kishore . Radha is in love with Avtaar, a poor boy. Jugal Kishore resents Radha's love. Hence, the duo elope and get married. Avtaar and Radha face various hardships in life, but ultimately succeed. After 3&nbsp;decades, Avtaar is owner of a small garage and a small fortune. He has two sons, Chander  and Ramesh . Chander is married to Renu , while Ramesh is married to Shobha . Avtaar also has a servant named Sewak . Like Avtaar, his sons have also married rich girls, daughters of Seth Laxmi Narayan . But, they are totally henpecked. When Avtaar discovers this, he leaves his home. Radha and Sewak also follow him. With help of a moneylender Bawaji , Avtaar starts his own garage. Avtaar faces an uphill task, since he has no money to buy equipments, is aged and his right hand is paralysed in a freak accident. Sewak helps his master by illegally donating blood to arrange for money, but when Avtaar thinks that Sewak resorted to robbery, Bawaji tells the truth. Moved, Radha and Avtaar regard him as their own son. Meanwhile, both Ramesh and Chander are enjoying their own life. Avtaar's luck changes again when the engine he is working on gives a successful result. Soon, Avtaar starts manufacturing the engine parts. This gives way to an industrial empire headed by Avtaar, Radha and Sewak. To help other old people like him who were spurned by their own families, Avtaar starts some social institutions. Avtaar's success takes a toll on Laxmi Narayan's business and he holds Chander responsible. Meanwhile Ramesh commits fraud with the bank and is arrested. Shobha come to Avtaar for help, but he rebukes her and sends her away. Radha gets angry over this, but keeps silent. Avtaar secretly gives Bawaji the bail money on the condition that he tells no one the truth. Bawaji bails both Ramesh. Meanwhile holding Chandar responsible for the loss in business, Laxmi Narayan throws him out of the house. Ramesh, Chandar and Shobha go to Radha for help. Although Avataar is not willing to help them. Next day, Avtaar goes to office and does not return. Radha calls him many times and finally reaches office late night. She tries to convince him that she is a mother too. But he doesn't listen to all that. Deep in emotions, Radha accuses him of having turned heartless. Same day, Bawaji meets Radha, whereupon Radha tells him the whole story. Bawaji has to tell the truth to her as he cannot bear Avtaar being insulted despite his big heart. On learning the truth, Radha realizes her mistake and tries to call Avtaar. Sewak informs her that Avataar had a heart attack. Everybody goes to Hospital, where Avataar had already written his will and hands it to Radha and dies. The story comes to the present, where Radha garlands Avtaar's bust and the film ends.