An amendment in Independent India comes where kingdoms are seized and people from Royal family are no longer rulers. One such kingdom is about to be seized from Jaipal Singh who refuses to lose his position. He continues to rule the jurisdiction as king and compels people to pay tax for him. People protest against this and one such person is police Inspector Dhirendra Singh. Because of this, he is transferred to a small village. His parents arranges his marriage with Janki who is the daughter of Dhiren's father's childhood friend. But Janki is in love with Manu Pratap Singh whose paternal uncle is the husband of Janki's paternal aunt. Due to an enemity between two families, Janki's aunt warns her that their love would not be accepted by Janki's father. But both of them are strong in their love and have intercourse before the marriage. Manu Pratap Singh's younger brother is in love with an orphan girl Kamli. All are happy until Jaipal Singh rapes Kamli and she runs away from the village.Meanwhile Jaipal Singh asks Janki for marriage to Janki's father which fury's him as he is an old man and a father of teenage girl despite he is a king. Manu and Bhanu protest in their own way against the king on one way and so Manu was not able to meet Janki. Both Manu's father and Janki's father strongly oppose their love. Janki is married to Dhirendra Singh. While Janki leaves for her husband's home she is kidnapped by Jaipal Singh's niece and he tries to rape her. But Manu shoots him death and he fells on Janki who is fainted due to falling from horse. Dhirender misunderstands that Janki was raped and he cannot touch her. After two months he comes to know about Janki's pregnancy and misunderstands it is due to the incident on the marriage and tells her to abort the baby. But Janki refuses and insists that she will go out of his life. But Dhirender's love for Janki permits her to give birth to the baby. Janki gives birth to a son and she goes to jail to inform Manu about it. But Manu who finds Dhirender is a very nice man advices Janki to live with her husband and forget him. Janki obeys him and apologizes Dhirender for all miseries caused by her. Dhirender who initially refuses to see the child but accepts the baby as his own son. All the three live happily. Dhirender promises that he will have that baby alone as his child. Jaipal Singh sends his daughter Jaya abroad for education to shut her mouth when she starts questioning him. Manu-Bhanu Pratap's father was killed by Jaipal Sing and Bhanu waits to take revenge on him. Seven years pass by and now Dhirendar Singh is Superintendent of Police. He finds many dacoits have formed and they plunder many areas and root cause of this is Jaipal Singh at underground but he has no evidence to prove that. Bhanu now a bandit named Bhavani who steals money and help the poor. Manu is released from jail and he stays for one night in Dhirendar Singh's house. There he meets his son who is very affectionate towards his father Dhirendar. Though he cannot expose himself his affection is overflown on the child.Kamli lives an illegal life with her son out of a village. Jaya, daughter of Jaipal Singh returns from abroad. Bhanu kidnaps her to take revenge on Jaipal Singh who once raped his lover. Bhanu forcefully marries Jaipal and Kamli by threatening with knife in Jaya's neck.Jaya understands about her father and sides with Bhanu.She finds Bhanu is a well educated and kind man and both fall in love. Manu misunderstands that his father and borther are killed by a bandit Bhavani and sets off to kill him without knowing that Bhavani is his brother Bhanu. Dhiren comes to arrest Bhavani on kidnapping charge but Jaya admits she is her on her own wish. Dhiren find the people are very much affected by Jaipal and want to portest against him. Dhiren compels them not to take law in their hands and he will take action against him lawfully. He gathers evidences and goes to arrest Jaipal. But he drops the action as Jaipal kidnapped his son. Dhirend finds that Manu is the real father of the child. He decides to save the child and give it to Janki and let live Manu with Janki and her son and leaves to arrest Jaipal. Manu promises Janki that her marriage will not be broken and he sets to save Dhiren. After much struggles and fights Jaipal is killed by Manu.Manu is injured by gunshot when he protects Dhirendra from Jaipal's shot. Manu tells Dhiren that a man cannot be a father just because he gives birth and tell Dhiren can be the father of Janki's son and dies in his arms. Dhiren lets the child to lit the funeral pyre of Manu and Bhanu understands the truth about the child on seeing Janki.Dhirendra unites with his child and wife.