Elmer, riding in his old jalopy, makes his way to Jellostone National Park looking forward to rest and relaxation. Elmer pitches a tent , and sets up camp by putting a fire stove, a mirror and a table to wash his face, and a hammock. However, he gets annoyed when Bugs unpitches and takes his tent, but gets it back, tied up in knots. Bugs welcomes Elmer to Jellostone then he pulls Elmer's hat over his eyes. When Elmer reaches into the hole to grab Bugs, Bugs ties up his fingers. He tries to prevent Bugs from getting out of his hole by hammering a board, saying that he can't get out of that. However, Bugs does get out of that, and mimics Elmer's weight and what he previously said, labeling it "phooey". Elmer lies down in his hammock and soon falls fast asleep, muttering to himself. Bugs then appears from the rabbit hole by Elmer's campsite. He takes a pair of glasses, paints them black, puts them on Elmer's face and sets Elmer's alarm clock to go off. Elmer now thinks it's night , so he goes to his tent, gets undressed and goes to bed. Bugs then takes the glasses off and crows like a rooster, making Elmer think that it's the next morning. When Elmer goes to wash his face, Bugs keeps the towel at a distance with a branch, causing Elmer to blindly follow the towel. Elmer then almost falls off a cliff. He then, looks at the miraculous view of the Grand Canyon, but then realizes he's literally in mid air and panickedly runs back to safety as he holds on to Bugs for dear life. Bugs tells Elmer that was a close call and Elmer tells Bugs "Yeah, I think somebody twicked me". Bugs then admits he's the one pulling these gags and runs off, with a furious Elmer giving chase after retrieving a gun from his tent. However, when he tries running after Bugs with his rifle, he winds up running into a black bear instead. The bear starts growling, and so Elmer turns to a wildlife handbook for advice; "When confwonted by a gwizzwy bear, wie fwat on the gwound and pway dead. Above all, wemain absowutewy motionwess!" The bear soon gives up , but Bugs has more fun with Elmer when he climbs on Elmer and starts growling exactly like the bear . Just as Bugs starts biting Elmer's foot, Elmer sees what's going on and grabs his rifle. Bugs runs away when the bear returns and Elmer ends up hitting the bear instead. After Elmer realizes he's hit the wrong animal, a chase then ensues with Elmer and the bear running through the trees to the chase sequence of the lively instrumental of the William Tell Overture. Both Elmer and the bear show their heads from different sides of the tree they're hiding behind, and finally, the bear freaks Elmer out when he rides on top of him. Eventually, Elmer gives up and quickly packs everything back into his car (including, at first, the tree that was next to his tent, only to put said tree back and shrugs to the audience. On his way out, he stops back at the sign and reads it again. This makes him say that it's "bawogney!", and to teach the park not to give false advertisement, he deliberately starts chopping the sign to bits and then stomps on the destroyed sign while calling the park's "Peace and wewaxation" promises "wubbish!". The park ranger  then appears, with a stern look on his face to which Elmer nervously says "Hewwo" and then chuckles nervously. Elmer is then shown in prison for destruction of government property and for falsely accusing the park of lying, where he's thankful that he's finally "wid of that gwizzwy bear and scwewy wabbit! West and wewaxation at wast!" But he turns to find out that somehow he's sharing his cell with both Bugs and the black bear.