In the year 2030, a civil war breaks out in the United States. In a final attempt to restore order, the president declares martial law. In 2033, a massive prison camp known as "the Red Zone" is built in a desolate city that soon holds over one million insane, violent felons. The United States is declared safe. A dangerous criminal known as the Reaper  has been extracting sarin, which he plans to spill into the nation's water supply. One of the prisoners, FX  secretly films the Reaper with a Wi-Fi digital camera as he discusses these plans, and the state's governor, Reagan Black  finds out about them. Black develops a plan to hold a "death race" within the prison system, assembling four teams of racers: * The Severed Head Gang, consisting of Danny Satanico  and Fred "The Hammer" , two members of the largest gang in the United States, known for decapitating their enemies. The team is given a customized 1995 town car. * Homeland Security, consisting of Colonel Bob  and Captain Rudy Jackson , formerly honored, but now disgraced members of the United States Army. The team is given a vintage 1943 Willys MB. * Vaginamyte, consisting of Double-Dee Destruction  and Queen B , two serial killers who seduced and murdered over 72 male and female victims. The team is given a yellow Lotus with a black widow spider design. * Insane Clown Posse , whose violent form of hip hop was attributed as indirectly influencing multiple murders, acts of terrorism and a school massacre which resulted in the rappers being convicted for these murders and being dubbed as "the Charles Manson of their time". Although the group's music has been banned, it continues to retain a strong fanbase. Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope are given an ice cream truck customized with a meat grinder, machine guns and "all the bling-bling these two Detroit locals could find". The race is televised live, hosted by anchors Harvey Winkler  and Jennifer Ramirez . Black offers the teams gathering points for killing loose prisoners, promising freedom to the team that brings back the Reaper—dead or alive. When Danny Satanico suggests that the four teams escape, Black reveals that each team member has a chip implanted in their bodies which would kill any member that breaks the rules, using Satanico to demonstrate. When Insane Clown Posse's truck gets a flat tire, a fight ensues between the teams and loose criminals. In the distance, Violent J witnesses an explosion. The teams investigate, finding the burning Homeland Security jeep with two corpses inside. Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope find FX filming the race. He tells them that there will be an ambush at their first destination, and they let him ride in their van. Each of the teams work together to surprise and kill the ambushers. Metal Machine Man , under the order of the Reaper, kills FX and attacks the racers before being hit by missiles fired by a pair of mysterious men. The teams fix their cars before dispatching. Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope arrive at the Reaper's lair, and successfully infiltrate the fortress, preventing the Reaper and his henchmen from releasing the sarin into the water. The mysterious men arrive, firing a rocket into the room, and reveal themselves to be Colonel Bob and Captain Rudy, who were hired by Governor Black as inside men, and faked their deaths to convince the other teams that they had a chance of winning. Believing the Reaper died in the explosion, Bob and Rudy retrieve his severed hand and leave in Insane Clown Posse's truck. Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope emerge from the rubble. Because Violent J is injured, Shaggy 2 Dope goes after Bob and Rudy alone. The Reaper appears and attempts to release the sarin as Violent J attempts to stop him. The Homeland Security team members arrive at the finish line, presenting the Reapers hand to Governor Black. Shaggy 2 Dope rises from the back of the truck, shooting at Bob, Rudy and the governor. Black presses the button to activate the explosives in the bodies of the Insane Clown Posse team members. The sarin explodes, causing a chain reaction which destroys the country.