Conservative lawyer Adam Calhorn Shaw  hopes to be elected to office, like his father, and his father's father. He is engaged to a sophistocated society lady, Beth Hallson . Arriving at a nursery to complain about the peach trees he had previously purchased, Adam meets the energetic and eccentric Athena Mulvain , the oldest of seven sisters in a family of anti-smoking, vegetarian, teetotallers who follow astrology and numerology. Athena offers to give him advice on how to mulch the peach trees, however, Adam is uneasy, and leaves. Later, at a party, Athena arrives, mulches Adam's peach trees, kisses him, and announces her intention to marry him. She also decides, after a numerological calculation, that Adam's friend Johnny Nyle  would be perfect for her sister, Minerva  has been training for the Mr. Universe competition, Ed Perkins and Bill Nichols. Despite the bizarre ways of the family, and although Adam initially tries to resist Athena, he eventually succumbs to her charms, and breaks up with Beth. Just when all is looking rosy, Grandma foresees difficult times ahead. Athena's sisters advise Athena to break up with Adam, however Athena chooses to push ahead with the relationship, knowing that "love can change the stars". The sisters visit Adam's house while he is out and perform a makeover, removing rugs and screens and installing large urns and fresh flowers. Adam's influential family friend, Mr. Grenville, Adam's law firm partner, Mr. Griswalde, and Adam's campaign manager for election to the United States Congress, Mr. Tremaine, phone Adam's house and reach Athena on the phone. Curious, they visit Adam's house only to find Grandma there in place of the girls. Adam invites Athena to a formal reception at Mr. Grenville's home. Athena at first charms the party with her pleasant nature and an off-the-cuff rendition of an aria from a Donizetti Opera. However she loses her temper when Beth presents Athena with a buffet dinner where all of the vegetables are stuffed with meat. More difficulties arise when Adam humiliates Ed Perkins and Grandpa on television at the "Mr. Universe" final. Grandpa had hoped that Ed would marry Athena to produce perfect children. Adam verbally attacks Grandpa over the hypocrisy of many of his beliefs. Ed threatens Adam by putting him in a hold that Adam gets out of by throwing Ed in a jiu jitsu throw with both events appearing on nationwide television. Adam is told by his minders that his political career is over by his embarrassing the belief system of Athena's people that would alienate voters with those sympathies whilst those opposed to their beliefs would associate Adam with holding their beliefs by merely being with them. Despite requisite further conflict, harmony is restored and all of the main players gather around for a Mulvain-style feast.