The film begins with Rölli going to look for some firewood. As he is about to chop an old tree, the tree begins to speak to him begging to instead collect the dead branches from the ground, promising that he'll repay the favour if he ever has the chance. All the while, Rölli is stalked by Big Rölli. He encounters a Forest Fairy  and tries to scare her, but gets captured by Big Rölli instead. The Forest Fairy uses a log which the Big Rölli dragged with him to hit him on his foot to release Rölli. The two escape from Big Rölli and become friends. Meanwhile, the owner of a toy company, Seesteinen , and his butler Lerkkanen come to Rölli Forest to inspect it for the building of a new toy-factory. Rölli and the Forest Fairy try to scare them off by pretending to be a giant, but they're plan fails and the humans give chance. They, however, run into Big Rölli and flee the forest in their jeep. However, the High Priest of the Kingdom of Evil , has plans for the two humans. He causes the car to veer off the road and both Seesteinen and Lerkkanen are taken by the Priests lackeys, The Trashers, to their secret lair where they're brought before the Great Trash, a monstrous creature with the vague resemblance of a human head, which the Trashers worship. They are converted into Trashers and begin to plot the destruction of the Rölli Forest. Seesteinen, pretending to be a good fairy god spirit, convinces Rölli that the sudden amounts of trash that have appeared all over the forest, confusing the residents and turning them on one another, are a good thing. He also leaves him a bottle of whisky telling it is a magic potion. Rölli becomes violently drunk and chases the Forest Fairy away. Disappointed at her own inability to stop the pollution in the forest she decides to leave but is captured by the Trashers. Rölli regains his composure and realises that the other inhabitants of the forest are being fooled with an elaborate shopping mall like structure, where they dance to peppy music before being sucked down into the Trashers' lair and converted. Rölli tries to sneak in but is caught. At the lair he is reunited with Forest Fairy. At the same time Big Rölli stumbles upon the fake shopping mall and is also sucked down, but the Trashers are easily over-powered by him. He constantly grooms himself with a piece of a broom he got when the Forest Fairy hit him over the head with it earlier in the film. Brooms and brushes are the Trasher's and the Great Trash's only weakness and thus the Trashers try to get it. The agitated Big Rölli throws the brush at the Trashers and it bounces off their helmets into the mouth of the Great Trash. He begins to deflate and this causes the cave to collapse. The Trashers flee in horror and seem to regain their prior personalities. Rölli and the Forest Fairy escape also, arriving at the very same tree that Rölli spared earlier in the film. The High Priest ambushes them and reveals his face which has begun to deteriorate due to his defeat. In a final effort he tries to kill Rölli and the Forest Fairy but the tree begins to scream, bewildering him. As his cape is stuck in a nook the tree falls on him killing him.