The story begins with Dharmadorai  rescuing a young couple Balu and Ishwarya from some goons in a forest. Ishwarya is the daughter of Rajadorai  and has eloped with Balu with the blessings of her mother . Her father and her uncle Ramadorai , Rajadorai's brother, show up, only to beat a hasty retreat when they realize who Ishwarya is with. The couple is puzzled as to how their saviour could induce so much fear in the brothers. Dharmadorai's wife Parvathi  then tells the eloped couple that Dharmadorai is the guileless elder brother of both Rajadorai and Ramadorai. He had showered love and affection on his brothers and had given them money, believing that they would use it for studies, business etc. against the wishes of his father ([[Madhu , who knew that his younger sons were evil by nature. He even saves Rajadorai from a jail term by forcing the girl Rajadorai raped  to marry him. But both Rajadorai and Ramadorai have no affection for Dharmadorai and exploit his innocence for their sinister desires. They move to Chennai, get involved in illegal activities like smuggling and become rich by double-crossing their boss. One day Dharmadorai arrives in Chennai to meet his brothers. However his brothers are not happy to see him and humiliate him at a party. A hurt Dharmadorai then advises both Rajadorai and Ramadorai about brotherly love, which they refuse to listen. Later that night, Ramadorai kills an enemy who had been sent by the cheated boss to kill both Rajadorai and Ramadorai. They force Dharmadorai to take the blame and go to jail. When he is in jail, Parvathi delivers birth to a baby boy. A few years later, both Rajadorai and Ramadorai come to their village and seizes all their father's property, including the house. The hurt father dies of a heart attack and both Parvathi and her son are driven out of the house and move to Chennai. In Chennai, the son recognises Ramadorai driving a car and throws a stone on it. The enraged Ramadorai then runs over the small boy and kills him. A grieving Parvathi finally takes up the job of a housemaid. Soon, Dharmadorai completes his jail term and on returning to his village, finds out from his father-in-law ([[Senthil  that both his father and son are dead and that Parvathi is in Chennai. After finding Parvathi, he hears the entire story from her. Feeling betrayed and enraged, he rushes to his brothers' house and beats them mercilessly, stopping only when their wives plead him to do so. He eventually disowns them and disillusioned, he and Parvathi move to the forest. In the present day, when some enemies capture Rajadorai and Ramadorai, their wives request Dharmadorai to rescue them. Reluctantly, Dharmadorai fights those enemies and saves his brothers. Both Rajadorai and Ramadorai beg Dharmadorai for forgiveness and Dharmadorai finally forgives them.{{Citation}}