= Nieves   is a happy-go-lucky but a fierce Engkantolarya . While on a walk at the forest one day, she was pursued by an engkanto, Hagnaya . Saying that she has got no crush on him, she vanished the poor engkanto away. It was revealed that Nieves lives with her husband Adonis , a handsome man, and an engkanto heartthrob. But one stormy night, the young man was intentionally kidnapped by an engkanto. With this, Nieves formally resigned her job. Meanwhile, a family from Manila spends their vacation in a new house bounded by a large tree. Celso , however, was hypnotized and was forced to cut the tree thus creating a new problem for his family. Junie , Celso's little nephew, went to see Nieves along with a young girl named Kaysee  after gaining information from Aling Tasing . However, Nieves reluctantly welcomes them, but after seeing a begging Junie, she offered them to be trained as soon as possible. Kaysee and Junie trekked back to Nieves's home when they were welcomed by the townsfolk, complaining about the new attacks of dwarves, elves, kapres, etc. The engkantolarya, still reluctant to resume her job, finally agreed to continue her post. Junie's parents  seek help from Nieves when something happened wrong again: Celso fell ill once more, this time, his illness worsened. Nieves explained why the young man fell ill: he cut the tree in the backyard, which was the home of Hagnaya and his wife, Wai Lana . It was also revealed that the voice that entranced Celso was the engkanto queen herself, Acacia . Nieves negotiated with Wai Lana and Hagnaya personally, explaining that Celso did not mean to cut down the tree and offered them that she will help find their new home. On the contrary, Kaysee, who went with a walk with Junie one day, revealed herself as Acacia. Sensing danger, Junie ran to Nieves and told her what he saw. The engkanto slayer was given a special suit blessed by the good engkantos. As they speak, Acacia ensnared the townsfolk to her lair. Nieves confronted Acacia while Junie healed the townsfolk from entrancement. As the two ladies fight, it was revealed that Acacia had Adonis held hostage in a hill. In anger, the engkanto queen tortured the engkantolarya mercilessly. Enraged, the young slayer threw a repellent in the air while Junie hit it with his sling-stone, killing Acacia in the process. With Adonis back, Nieves and the townsfolk rejoiced.