Six years after the events of Halloween 5, it is revealed that the Man in Black seen throughout the previous movie who had rescued Michael from the Haddonfield Police Station had also abducted his niece Jamie Lloyd. At this point, a now 15 year old Jamie  has been impregnated. The baby is born on October 30, 1995 and is then carried away by the Man in Black who appears to be a leader of a Druidistic-like cult. Later that night, Mary , a nurse, helps Jamie escape with her baby she warns is in harms way. Michael , in pursuit of Jamie and her newborn, kills the nurse. Jamie and the baby flee in a stolen pickup of a drunk motorist  and hides at a dark and deserted bus station. She calls into a local radio station for help, only to be ignored by the DJ Barry Simms  who is doing a broadcast on the Haddonfield murders. Michael Myers nearly corners her, but she escapes only to later be run off the road by Michael. Beaten and exhausted, she makes her way inside of an old barn where Michael pushes her into a corn thresher, only to find that Jamie does not have the baby. Meanwhile, Tommy Doyle , the child Laurie Strode babysat in the first film, has his eye on a family who has moved into the old Myers house across the street from the boarding house where he lives. The boarding house is run by a mysterious old woman named Mrs. Blankenship . For years, Tommy has been obsessed with finding the truth behind the murderous motives of Michael Myers. After hearing Jamie begging for help on a local radio show, Tommy finds her baby at the bus station, takes the child into his care and names him Steven. Tommy runs into Dr. Loomis  at the Haddonfield Memorial Hospital and tells him of a family living in the old Myers house when the two are convinced Michael has indeed come back to Haddonfield. The people living in the Myers house are relatives of the Strode family who had adopted Laurie. While Kara Strode , her six-year-old son, Danny , and Kara's teenage brother, Tim , are at school, Dr. Loomis visits their mother Debra Strode  and reveals to her that she is living in Michael's home. After he leaves, Debra calls her husband John  who is at work and tries to convince him to leave Haddonfield but is then killed by Michael. Later, Kara returns home to find Danny in his room with Tommy, whom he had met while on his way home. The three of them go to Tommy's house across the street, where Tommy reveals to Kara that he believes Michael was selected by a cult of people to be under the influence of an ancient rune symbol called Thorn; that druid astronomers claimed originated from a constellation of stars that appear from time to time on Halloween night. It is an ancient Druid curse that represented a demon that spread sickness and caused destruction. To prevent this, a child from each tribe was chosen to inherit the curse and would offer a blood sacrifice of its next of kin on the night of Samhain . The curse explains why Michael is trying to kill his family and also accounts for his superhuman abilities. While Tommy goes out to look for Dr. Loomis at a party at the Haddonfield Junior College, Mrs. Blankenship reveals to Kara  that she was babysitting Michael Myers when he killed his sister many years ago, and that Danny hears the "voice" telling him to kill just like Michael Myers heard when she was babysitting him the night he killed Judith. This indicates that he is to be the next child to come into the influence of Thorn. Meanwhile, Michael kills Barry Simms then Tim and his girlfriend Beth . After Tommy returns to the boarding house with Dr. Loomis, the "Man in Black" finally reveals himself as Dr. Wynn , . After a terrifying showdown, he and his cult of people who appear to be the "Cult of Thorn" take Kara, Danny, Steven, and Michael back to Smith's Grove Sanitarium, with Tommy and Dr. Loomis drugged for the time being. When they awake, they follow the cult to Smith's Grove where Loomis confronts Dr. Wynn. Wynn credits him for recognizing the evil he corrupted inside Michael, and implies how Jamie's baby represents a new cycle of it. After inviting Loomis to join in on his conspiracy, Loomis calls Wynn out on his evil scheme before being knocked unconscious by a staff member. Meanwhile, Tommy finds Kara locked in a room in the maximum security ward. After a brief confrontation with Michael, they continue on to find Danny and Steven. In the hallway they see a team of surgeons, some dressed as cult members, standing near an operating room. Dr. Wynn joins them and tells them to take off their cult robes because "Halloween is over," suggesting that the doctors are posing as the Cult of Thorn to control Michael. Tommy and Kara soon sneak into the adjoining room where they find the children. They watch the doctors begin to perform the procedure, but Michael, seeing that the the doctors are not in their robes, soon interrupts it, walking in with a surgical machete and slaughtering them all, including Wynn. Tommy, Kara, and the kids run with Michael in hot pursuit until they hide in a high-tech medical laboratory. Inside the lab, Kara notices tanks containing human fetuses with a chart of runes and scientific letter codes; both connected together by the Thorn symbol. Dr. Wynn and his team seem to have been trying to discover the source of pure evil in Michael's DNA, possibly using women of the institution and Jamie for IVF experiments, resulting in Steven's birth. Michael breaks into the room where Tommy injects him with tranquilizers of a corrosive and beats him into unconsciousness with a lead pipe. As Dr. Loomis, Tommy, Kara, Danny, and Steven are about to escape, Loomis tells them to go on without him because he has "a little business" to attend to. Back inside the building, Michael's mask is found lying on the floor of the lab room as the screams of Dr. Loomis can be heard in the background.