The film is set in a high school, where an elite group of twenty students—including rebellious heroine Kang I-na, her timid best friend Yoon Myong-hyo, and her suitor Kang Hyeon—are taking a special class for their college entrance exam. After Kang I-na is nearly strangled and another student throttled in the restroom, the classroom TV screen switches to an image of top-ranking student Hye-yeong trapped inside a fish tank that is slowly filling with water. A disembodied voice announces that her life depends on the exam questions he will set for them, and that a student will die for every question the class gets wrong. Trapped with the students are head teacher Hwang Chan-wook and English teacher Choi So-yeong. I-na realizes that the students are being killed in order of their rank in the class, and she is ranked fifth. Someone is slowly killing the students one by one, but who are they? And what do they want?  # Min Hye-Yeong - drowned in an enclosed glass tank. # Mr. Lee - Killed by Ji-won's father  after trying to escape the school. # Sohn Dong-Hyeok - killed by being burned with candle wax drops, then dropped from the ceiling to the gym floor. # Cha Jae-Wook - killed by hundreds of cuts, then his mouth was stuffed with flower petals. # Yoon Soo-Jin - killed by being stuffed into a washing machine, then someone turned it on. # Kang Hyeon - killed by being stabbed repeatedly by the student who witnessed Kim Ji-Won's death # Cho Beom - killed by being stabbed by a rock by Hwang Chang-Wook # Yoon Myung-Hyo - killed by being dropped from the ceiling, head-first. # Kim Ji-Won's Mother - killed by being strangled by Hwang Chang-Wook # Hwang Chang-Wook - stabbed and killed by the father of Kim Ji-Won.  #1st : Solve all of partial differential equations which are written down to a blackboard, and combine them into one complete answer in time. > 過而不改是謂過矣. #3rd : Kim Ji-Won—previously ranked first on spring—died. Complete the sentence associated with it. > I know who killed me. My anger will endure, face the truth.  #5th : Input the number as password by resolving these association with this number sequence. Then, Speak the meaning of the number. You have only one chance. : 5685 -> 2485 -> ? > Hwang Chang-wook. Kang Yi-na's Teacher. He was killed by Kim Ji-won's father, who, with his wife, was the mastermind behind the murders.