Dr. Neil Hamilton  receives a call from his old professor Dr. Kate Travis  about a patient of hers, a boy named Bobby. Bobby was given an experimental growth serum Travis had developed. The problem is a side effect of the serum. Bobby has not only grown, but has also become violent and difficult to control. Neil takes a sample of the growth serum back to his university lab, which is being protested by animal-rights activists led by Mark Hales  and Alex Reed , who is also Neil's girlfriend. The group has problems with the work of Prof. Edmund Delhurst ([[Colin Fox , who claims to study cancer, actually experiments on animals to find a cure for baldness. Neil and his assistant Joshua  test the growth serum on some lab rats. Later that night, the activists  break into the university. They trash Delhurst's lab and Break into Niel's lab, accidentally setting free the now-giant rats, which kill Mark and escape into the campus' utility tunnels. Despite testimony from the surviving activists as well as Neil's own admission that he used a growth hormone, police Lieutenant Weizel  does not believe their story. Dean White  hires a pair of exterminators to handle what he believes are only normal rats. The rats kill several people, including one of the exterminators and the rest of the activists named Al and Angie, who tried to hunt the animals down themselves. The rest of the victims include Delhurst's assistant, a janitor named Zeke, and three studants. Although Lieutenant Weizel now believes the story, Dean White is still skeptical. He refuses to shut the campus down because of an upcoming grand opening of a new sports complex. Alex and Niel also start to become romantically involved. When Joshua is killed because of White's denial, Neil attacks the Dean and is fired. Suspicious of Neil's "side project", Edmund Delhurst takes the growth formula samples. He dies when he tests it on a sample of dog cancer cells, cutting his finger and contaminating his blood with the cancer cells and growth serum. He transforms into one giant mass of cancerous tumors. Neil breaks back into the university, develops an antidote and tests it out on the tumorous mass that was once Delhurst. Meanwhile, the rats attack the swimming competition being held in the new sports complex, killing several people, including Dean White. Weizel and his men arrive and, with Neil's assistance, lures the rats into the university courtyard, where they gun them all down including Niel's pet female rat, whom he used as bait for the males. With the carnage over, Neil phones Dr. Travis to inform her of the completed antidote, but it is too late. The now-psychotic and much bigger Bobby kills Travis while she is on the phone, and escapes.