The story begins on October 31, 1963, in fictional Haddonfield, Illinois, with Michael Myers  looking through a window, at his older teenage sister, Judith Myers , and her boyfriend kissing in the living room. The boyfriend pulls away from Judith, and asks if they are alone. Judith quickly glances around, musing that Michael is no doubt around the house. The two teenagers then decide to go upstairs. When Michael sees the light go off in Judith's bedroom window, he enters the kitchen and takes a butcher knife out of a drawer. After Judith's boyfriend goes home, Michael enters Judith's room and stabs her repeatedly until she falls down dead. He then walks downstairs and out the front door with the knife in his hand. Once outside, a car pulls up, and the occupants are soon revealed to be his parents. His father pulls off the mask to reveal a six-year-old boy, and the camera slowly pans out as both parents stare at him in horror. Following the murder, Michael is sent to Smith's Grove Sanitarium, where he is placed under the care of psychiatrist Dr. Samuel Loomis . Michael enters a state of catatonia and remains that way for the next fifteen years. Loomis, accompanied by nurse Marion Chambers  arrives at the sanitarium on October 30, 1978 to bring Michael to a court hearing, but he escapes, stealing the car that Chambers was driving, attacking her in the process and makes his way back to Haddonfield, killing a tow truck driver for his clothes. Loomis follows him there, attempting to prevent Michael from murdering anyone else. The following day--Halloween--high school student Laurie Strode  continually sees Michael, now wearing dark blue coveralls and a white mask, first at her school, then on the street. Laurie's friends, Annie Brackett  and Lynda van der Klok , dismiss Laurie's concerns. Then, later at her house, she sees Michael outside, in the yard, staring into her room. Laurie is startled, but then dismisses it thinking it was a neighbor. Meanwhile, Dr. Loomis goes to the local cemetery, and is guided by the groundskeeper to the grave plot of Judith Myers. The groundskeeper becomes angry when he discovers a missing headstone, and looks down at his papers. He then looks up at Dr. Loomis, and tells him that the missing headstone belonged to Judith Myers. Upon hearing this news, Dr. Loomis mutters under his breath, "He came home." Later on, Annie's father, Sheriff Leigh Brackett , is approached by Loomis, and the two quietly look for Michael. That night, Laurie babysits a boy named Tommy Doyle , while Annie babysits a girl named Lindsey Wallace  across the street from the Doyle house. Michael methodically stalks Annie and kills Lindsey's dog. When Annie gets a call from her boyfriend, Paul, to pick him up, she takes Lindsey to the Doyle house. Annie gets in her car to pick up Paul but she is killed by Michael, who strangles and slits her throat with a knife. Meanwhile at the Doyle House, Tommy spots Michael carrying Annie's body back into the house. He thinks Michael is the bogeyman and tries to tell Laurie, who dismisses his claims. Later, Lynda and her boyfriend, Bob, enter the house unaware that Michael is inside. They then retire into the bedroom, where they have sex. Afterwards, Michael impales Bob onto the wall with a kitchen knife, then strangles Lynda with a telephone cord as she talks on the phone with Laurie. The disturbing disruption to the phone call concerns Laurie even further. Feeling unsettled, Laurie enters the Wallace house after the murders. She sees the dead bodies of her friends that Michael has killed and hidden. Michael has placed his sister Judith's headstone behind Annie's body. Suddenly, Laurie is attacked by Michael and falls backwards down the staircase. She runs out of the house, and tries to get someone to help her, only to be ignored. Eventually, she flees back to the Doyle house, but the door is locked, so she has to tell Tommy to open the door quickly as Michael slowly walks toward the house. Luckily, Tommy opens the door in time and lets Laurie inside. Laurie then instructs the children to hide and then realizes that the phone is dead, and that Michael has gotten into the house through a window. As she sits down in horror next to the couch, her hand falls on a knitting needle. Michael appears and tries to stab her, but she counterattacks his move, and stabs him in the neck with the knitting needle, and he collapses by the window. Laurie makes her way to an upstairs bedroom and locks herself in a closet, but Michael breaks a hole in the door. Laurie attacks by poking Michael in the eye with a clothes hanger, and then stabs Michael in the chest with his own knife. Michael collapses and Laurie exits the closet. Meanwhile, outside, Dr. Loomis sees Tommy and Lindsey running away from the house and suspects that Michael could be in the house. Michael gets up and tries to strangle Laurie, but she is saved by Dr. Loomis, who shoots Michael six times in the chest. Michael falls from the second-story window, onto the lawn below. When Dr. Loomis looks over the balcony, however, Michael's body is missing. Laurie begins to cry as Loomis looks out suspiciously into the night. Michael's masked breathing is heard as previous locations of the movie are shown.