{{plot}} Joanna "Jo" Mitchell is a 17-year-old tomboy who lives with her widowed father, who builds race car engines. On Jo's first day at North Shore High School, she encounters the school's most popular and snobbish clique "The Plastics" which consists of Amanda "Mandi" Weatherly, an overtly feminine girl from a wealthy family, Chastity Meyer, a seemingly slow-witted blond with a raging libido who is known for casual relationships with guys, and Hope Plotkin , who has an extreme fear of germs. Jo also meets Abigail "Abby" Hanover, a less popular girl at school who enjoys art and lives across the street from Mandi. Mandi sees Abby as a rival, due to the greater wealth of Abby's family. Jo also develops an attraction to Tyler Adams, a boy in her wood shop class, despite his somewhat sexist attitudes which spur her to excel in the class. Despite Jo's attempts to avoid the Plastics, conflict develops between them and Abby, which includes personal attacks, continuous verbal harassment and vandalism to Abby's car. When Jo meets Abby's father Sidney Hanover, a successful infomercial entrepreneur, he offers to pay Jo's college tuition in exchange for remaining good friends with Abby. Jo reluctantly accepts, but is motivated by her desire to attend university. Jo and Abby become close friends. She also becomes closer to Tyler, but while on a date with him, a voice recorder placed in the car records her while she divulges some intimate personal details  and the recording is later publicized. Despite Jo's anger when she discovers this, a group of less popular girls tell Jo that they wish they had waited for sex as she had, making Jo feel better. Jo also learns from Abby that Tyler is Mandi's stepbrother. Mandi also escalates her war of pranks by ruining Jo's class project, thus ruining her acceptance into Carnegie Mellon University, and filling Jo's father's race car with coffee and sweetener. In order to exact revenge upon Mandi, Jo plans a party at Abby's house on the same night of Mandi's birthday party, which harms the level of attendance at the latter. The Plastics retaliate by placing ipecac on the pizza delivered to Abby's house, planning to make all the guests vomit after they consume a slice. Jo discovers that Hope had paid the delivery man to add the syrup, and decided to dispose of the tainted pizza. She and Abby serve a piece to Mandi's boyfriend Nick, who throws up on her pink dress while making out with her. A week later, Jo, Abby and another outcast girl named Quinn  start a new clique called the "Anti-Plastics" in order wage wars against the Plastics, but as they enact a series of pranks against Chastity and Hope, Jo develops a personality almost as shallow as Mandi, and their campaign threatens Tyler and Jo's relationship. When Jo tries to give back the money Sidney Hanover gave her for her friendship with Abby, Mandi overhears the encounter, and reveals their transaction to the entire school, which leads to Jo's estrangement from both Abby and Tyler. It is revealed that Quinn helped Mandi in exposing the secret because of her desperate obsession to be one of the Plastics. Mandi, along with Nick, frame Jo for theft by placing stolen charity money in Jo's backyard shed, resulting in Jo's expulsion. Tyler and the other Anti-Plastics try to help Jo prove her innocence with the help of Elliott , a computer hacker who infiltrates the computer of Jo's grouchy neighbor, who installed cameras to monitor what happens across the street. After beating the Plastics in a game of powder-puff football, Mandi and Nick are arrested after images of them planting the money in Jo's shed are revealed . At the school's homecoming dance, Abby and Elliott are elected as king and queen, due to Jo rigging the voting. The film's epilogue indicates that Mandi and Nick were sentenced to community service, and that Mandi was allowed to graduate only because her mother donated a library to the school. Because of her criminal record, her chances of getting into a decent college were destroyed, and so her parents cut her off from her trust fund. Quinn became the new leader of the Plastics and agreed to end their war with the Anti-Plastics who disbanded and leave everyone in piece. Hope finally overcame her fear of germs and drank from a public water fountain as a boy sneezes on her giving her the swine flu. She recovers, and puts her trust in antibiotics and hot doctors. Chastity looked up her name and joined the abstinence club. Abby and Elliot begin a relationship as she goes off to college to major in art, while Jo, who remains close friends with Abby, rekindles her relationship with Tyler, who attends Penn State University to remain near her.