In Austria the Christian Social Party comes to power, and the new Chancellor Dr.&nbsp;Schwerdtfeger, a fanatical anti-Semite, sees his people as being ruled by the Jews. He therefore has a law passed by the National Assembly forcing all Jews to emigrate by the end of the year. The law is enthusiastically received by the non-Jewish population, and the Jews leave the country. But after a short time a sober reality makes itself felt. Cultural life becomes impoverished: in the theatres only plays by Ludwig Ganghofer and Ludwig Anzengruber are still performed. Many cafes are empty, or are converted into beer halls selling sausages. After an initial upturn, the economy declines, as business has greatly diminished, and has moved to other cities, such as Prague and Budapest. Inflation and unemployment run wild. The political characters of the book  are delineated in such a way as to be identifiable with real politicians of the period: Bundeskanzler Schwerdtfeger, for example, is based on Ignaz Seipel. Besides the political action, the film also dwells on the love relationship between Lotte , a typical Viennese girl  and the daughter of a member of the National Assembly who voted for the banishment of the Jews, and the Jewish artist Leo Strakosch . Towards the end of the film the National Assembly resolves to bring the Jews back again. However, in order to achieve the necessary two-thirds majority, Lotte and Leo, who has already illegally returned to Austria with forged papers identifying him as a French painter, have to remove the anti-Semitic Parliamentary representative Bernard (played by [[Hans Moser , which they do by getting him drunk. The drama reaches a peak as he is committed to a psychiatric institution represented in Expressionist scenery, where in a claustrophobic and asymmetrically painted cell he sees himself threatened by Stars of David. This sequence also represents the divergence of the film from the book, as the action of the film is revealed as a dream of the anti-Semitic Councillor Bernard. This surprising turn of events was described in the original film programme as follows: "In this moment of the highest distress Councillor Bernard awakes from his dream, finds himself in the tavern at a very late hour and says to the baffled Volbert: 'Thank God that stupid dream is over - we are all just people and we don't want hate - we want life - we want to live together in peace.'""Gottlob, daß der dumme Traum vorbei ist – wir sind ja alle nur Menschen und wollen keinen Haß – Leben wollen wir – ruhig nebeneinander leben". Kivur, Nr. 1346, o.J., o.S.