The movie starts with Rahman ([[Sreenivasan  going to Kolkata in search of Nandakumar Varma . He finally finds Nandakumar in a depressed state. Rahman compels him to return home. But he refuses. Finally, he succumbs to the pressure and complies. The film then goes to flashback mode revealing the reasons for Nandakumar's estranged state. Nandakumar was a college professor. He had moved to the city from his village for the sake of his job. Rahman was his colleague with whom he stayed. In the college he had to confront a mischievous gang of girls headed by Shruthi ([[Annie . Nandakumar had a serious, no-nonsense attitude and the gang played a lot of pranks upon him. Nandakumar had a second life in his native village, where he had to take care of the treatment of his paralyzed fiancée Uma Maheshwari . It was to meet her medical expenses that he had taken up this job. The tussle between Nandakumar and the gang proceeded in parallel. Gradually, Shruthi falls for Nandakumar and revealed her feelings for him. He laughed it off as a teenage infatuation. But she persisted. Meanwhile, Uma's condition improved remarkably with her regaining the ability to walk. Nandakumar, who had developed a cordial relationship with the gang by then, took them for a trip to his picturesque village. His main intention was to make Shruthi meet Uma so that she would change her mind. Shruthi got shattered on witnessing the warmth in the relationship between Uma and Nandkumar. After returning, she paid a discreet visit to Uma. There she revealed her feelings for Nandakumar to Uma. She accused Uma of being selfish and possessive by forcing Nandakumar to sacrifice his life and pleasures for her sake. Uma got a mental shock from the vitriolic behaviour of Shruthi and that triggered a second stroke. She became paralyzed again and doctors gave up all hope. She forced him to marry Shruthi and he complied reluctantly. Even after the marriage Nandakumar was not able to find any peace of mind. Their relationship was very cold. Later, Shruthi told Nandakumar about her meeting with Uma. Enraged by this revelation he left his home. He wandered across places like a mad man. On coming back, Nandakumar learns that Shruthi had committed suicide after giving birth to his child. Rahman takes him to Uma's home. There he finds Uma, whose condition improved, taking care of his child.