Robot Chicken: Star Wars Episode II is a 22-minute long special episode of Robot Chicken ;List of Skits in the Broadcast Version # Boba Fett kills many Ewoks using his laser blasters, lightsabers, and a rocket from his backpack before Princess Leia arrives does a striptease which leaves her in her slave outfit and then proceeds to make him grope her. In the end, all is revealed as a nerd group fiction. #Opening sequence, redone from the previous special Robot Chicken: Star Wars, based on the end sequences of Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith but modified from the original . The Mad Scientist  saves the Robot Chicken  from the volcanic planet Mustafar and rebuilds it before forcing it to watch the show. # Palpatine goes to his barber for a haircut who eventually suggests the idea of hiring a bounty hunter to capture the crew of the Millennium Falcon instead of relying on Darth Vader. # Parody of the Geonosian arena scene from Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones, as an over-the-top commercial for a monster truck event. # Princess Leia taunts Luke Skywalker for missing Ben Kenobi, whom he met the day before, while her entire family and planet has been destroyed. # A stormtrooper brings his daughter to work, which occurs during the opening sequence of Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope. The stormtrooper and his daughter are later on Tatooine, encountering Obi-Wan Kenobi in a parody of the "These Are Not The Droids You Are Looking For" scene where the trooper shouts at his daughter when she tries to tell him the droids are the ones they're looking for, only to say that underneath the helmet he could not think with the temperatures being high. # The interrogator droid from the Death Star refuses to torture Leia. It becomes a parody of doctor shows where "Dr. Ball" points out medical inadequacies from the movies. # A jingle for "Admiral Ackbar's Fish Sticks" is suggested and rejected. The band from the Mos Eisley Cantina, who has a member who wrote the jingle, are disappointed. One member suggests that it's better as an instrumental. # A stormtrooper mourns the loss of a fellow trooper killed by Princess Leia. # A mouse is shown piloting a "mouse droid" that is scared by Chewbacca. # Parody of the scene from Revenge of the Sith where Anakin Skywalker kills the younglings in the Jedi temple. Anakin deals with the trauma of killing children by imagining he's on planet Naboo and the children are sunflowers &mdash; which later gives Padmé Amidala a major shock when he brings her a "fresh cut bouquet". # Two AT-ATs have a race during the Battle of Hoth. # In perhaps the only oceanic part of Tatooine, a Krayt Dragon gives a dramatic speech about how planets made up of only one topographic feature (like Hoth [ice], [[Endor  are ridiculous. A week later, C-3PO walks past the dragon's skeleton in the desert after crashing down in an escape pod. # Continuation of the third scene where Palpatine goes to his barber. In a parody of the "What is thy bidding" scene from Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back, Palpatine yells at Darth Vader and then puts an ad out for bounty hunters. Darth Vader is kneeling the entire time, and Palpatine smugly tells him "I bet that knee's starting to hurt..." # Parody of Geico commercials using Jar Jar Binks to explain car insurance. at the end, the customer comments that her explanation makes more sense than Jar Jar's babblings. # Continuation from the fourteenth scene, parodying the bounty hunter scene from The Empire Strikes Back. # Lando Calrissian comments on the name of Boba Fett's ship, Slave I. # Recycled skit from "Moesha Poppins" where Han Solo, Chewbacca and Princess Leia have an awkward meal with Boba Fett, Lando Calrissian and Darth Vader. # Ad for Bob Goldstein, an attorney who specializes in suing Jedi and any cases involving missing limbs. Among his clients are Ponda Baba and Darth Maul. # Parody of the scene from The Empire Strikes Back before Han Solo is frozen in carbonite. # Parody of the scene from The Empire Strikes Back where Darth Vader says the line, "I have altered the deal, pray that I do not alter it further", in which he continually alters the deal to have Lando Calrissian do such embarrassing things as wear clown shoes and a dress. # Parody of the scene from The Empire Strikes Back where Luke Skywalker refuses Darth Vader's offer to join the dark side; in this version, Luke imagines what a father/son relationship with Darth Vader would be like, complete with fishing, learning to ride a bike, teaching Luke how to shave, and a father/son break dance contest against Jango and Boba Fett. He accepts the offer but trips on his way back to Vader and falls anyway. # A couple looking to buy an apartment in Cloud City. Their interaction with the apartment's "features" cause Luke's further perils after he falls in the previous scene. # Mon Mothma orders the calamari at a restaurant, much to the annoyance of Admiral Ackbar. # The aftermath of Boba Fett being swallowed by the Sarlacc. In order to preserve his reputation, he withholds the truth from a Weequay captive that his dropping in here was the result of an accident, claiming that he defeated 67 Jedi and killed Han Solo plus Luke Skywalker before jumping into the Sarlacc. # Palpatine has an awful day. First, the Death Star's spaceport loses his luggage, forcing him to buy a novelty t-shirt at a gift shop; then, it turns out that his throne is directly beneath an air vent and lastly, Darth Vader throws him down a reactor vent. # Parody of the scene from Return of the Jedi where Luke removes Darth Vader's helmet; as the crew evacuates, one of the crew members stops and takes a picture of Vader with a camera phone and then runs off. # The Ewoks are killed by falling debris from the destruction of the second Death Star. # End credits - Chickens sing the Star Wars' theme. # After the credits - Two Imperial Officers discuss the state of the Empire after the second Death Star's destruction. Even though they still have a vast arsenal of weapons and starships and many legions of stormtroopers, the Rebels still win because they destroyed the Death Star and killed Palpatine at the same time. The Imperial Officers then decide to go get massages. ;List of Skits in the Extended Version #A Tusken Raider flees a bar when the bartender comes up behind him. Obi-Wan tells the bartender that they startle easily, but will return in greater numbers. #Anakin returns to the Lars homestead with the body of his mother. Padme, Owen and Beru start laughing when they call him "Little Orphan Ani." Later, just before Owen and Beru are killed in A New Hope, the stormtrooper says they may now laugh at the joke before they are burned alive. #Before entering the bounty hunter meeting, Dengar asks Bossk what recent bounty hunter adventures he had. The scene cuts to Bossk fighting some adversaries in a similar fashion to the opening scene of Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom; Bossk then replies "Nothing much."