Lieutenant Junior Grade Daniel "Danny" Kaffee , is an inexperienced U.S. Navy Judge Advocate General's Corps lawyer who leads the defense in the court-martial of two Marines, Private First Class Louden Downey ([[James Marshall  and Lance Corporal Harold Dawson , who are accused of having murdered a fellow Marine of their unit, PFC William Santiago , at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in Cuba, which is under the command of Col. Nathan R. Jessep . Santiago compared unfavorably to his fellow Marines, had poor relations with them and failed to respect the chain of command. He went above his superiors to bargain for a transfer in exchange for blowing the whistle on Dawson for firing a possibly illegal shot towards the Cuban side of the island. When the transfer request is seen by the base's senior commanders, there is a heated argument between Santiago's commanding officer, Lt Jonathan Kendrick  who asserts that he can handle the situation, and Jessep's executive officer, Lt. Col. Matthew Andrew Markinson  who casts doubt on Kendrick's ability based on a past incident. Markinson advocates that Santiago be transferred immediately for safety reasons before the request gets out, but Jessep says that this would set a bad precedent which could cost lives. Jessep also states that officers have a responsibility to ensure that all personnel are trained, so he orders Kendrick to ensure that Santiago shows significant improvement on the next evaluation report, or he would be held personally responsible. When Dawson and Downey are later arrested for Santiago's murder, Naval investigator and lawyer Lieutenant Commander JoAnne Galloway  suspects that they were carrying out a "code red": a euphemism for a violent extrajudicial punishment. Galloway requests to defend them, but the case is instead given to Kaffee, who has a reputation for arranging plea bargains. There is initial friction between them, as she believes he negotiates plea bargains to avoid having to argue in court, and he claims that she is interfering with his handling of the case. However their relationship strengthens as the trial progresses, as does Kaffee's effectiveness as a lawyer. Despite goading by Galloway and Dawson to allow the trial go to court, Kaffee initially tries to step down as lead counsel for the defense – his argument being that since he cannot prove that any order was given for the assault, making a legal stand simply because he believes the Marines did as they were told was a futile gesture. However, Galloway successfully argues her point of view to Kaffee after Dawson and Downey state they were ordered by Lieutenant Kendrick  to shave Santiago's head, minutes after Kendrick ordered the platoon not to touch the would-be victim. Santiago actually died from asphyxiation after a rag was shoved into his mouth as a gag. Kaffee comes to realize that for a legal officer of his limited time and experience to be given such an important case is unusual, and he accepts that he was probably assigned to it due to his reputation for plea bargaining, indicating that someone high up did not want the case to reach court, so he changes his mind and agrees to proceed. Kaffee's suspicions are confirmed when he rejects a plea bargain offer from prosecutor Capt. Jack Ross , who is a friend of his. Ross then warns that the government's case against the two Marines is strong and that Kaffee could risk his reputation  for any attempt to smear high-ranking officers in making a futile defense. In the course of the trial it is established that code reds are standard in Guantanamo Bay as a means of enforcing discipline and getting sloppy Marines to follow procedure. Kaffee especially goes after Kendrick, particularly over the fact that he denied Dawson a promotion after the latter helped out a fellow Marine who was under what could be seen as a code red. Lieutenant Colonel Markinson has gone absent without leave since the incident, but he resurfaces in Kaffee's car during the trial, revealing that Jessep never intended to transfer Santiago off the base as previously claimed but created the transfer orders as part of a cover-up long after Santiago's death. Kaffee is unable to find evidence corroborating these claims and announces his intention to have Markinson testify. Rather than publicly dishonor himself and the Marine Corps, Markinson sends a letter to Santiago's parents, blaming his own weakness for the loss of their son, outfits himself in full Dress Blue "A" uniform and commits suicide by shooting himself in the mouth with his service pistol. Without Markinson's crucial testimony, Kaffee believes that the case is lost and returns home after a drunken stupor, having come to regret that he fought the case instead of considering the plea bargain. Galloway, however, convinces Kaffee to take the great risk of calling Colonel Jessep as a witness. Kaffee initially questions Jessep's travel habits versus that of Santiago  in an attempt to argue that the transfer order was never properly conducted. However, Jessep successfully outsmarts Kaffee by saying that he cannot speculate on Santiago's habits, and he becomes particularly disdainful of Kaffee  and the court proceedings. Kaffee is stumped, but then he manages to unnerve Jessep by pointing out a flaw in his testimony. He had stated that Santiago was due to be transferred off the base for his own safety in case the other Marines sought retribution, but also stated that Marines are honorable men who always follow orders – thus if the other Marines were ordered to leave Santiago alone and always follow orders, then Santiago would have been in no danger whatsoever and would not have to be transferred. Under heavy pressure from Kaffee and unnerved by being caught in one of his own lies, Jessep furiously declares, "You can't handle the truth!" He then dismisses Kaffee as disrespectful of a Marine doing his duty, ultimately confessing that he did order the code red. As Jessep angrily justifies his actions on the basis of national security, he is arrested by Ross, and there is a verdict of not guilty on the murder charges for Dawson and Downey. Ross informs Kaffee he will now have Kendrick arrested for the same charges faced by Dawson and Downey. Nonetheless, the two Marines are dishonorably discharged for having caused Santiago's death through their "conduct unbecoming a United States Marine." Downey does not understand why they are being given dishonorable discharges, but Dawson accepts the verdict, and explains to Downey that they had failed to stand up for those too weak to stand up for themselves, like Santiago. As the two prepare to leave, Kaffee tells Dawson he does not need a patch on his arm to have honor. Dawson, who had previously been reluctant to respect Kaffee as an officer, barks "Ten hut! There's an officer on deck!" and salutes Kaffee.