Two close friends, Martin Schulz and Max Eisenstein , are German expatriate art dealers living in the United States. Martin's son Heinrich  and Max's daughter Griselle  are in love. However, she turns down his proposal of marriage, as she aspires to become an actress. When Martin and his wife return to Germany for business purposes, Griselle accompanies them in order to seek opportunities in the German cinema. Max and Heinrich remain in San Francisco to run their art gallery, while Martin sends them paintings to sell. Martin sends a strange painting from an unknown artist to Max as a joke, the "unknown" artist being Pablo Picasso. A determined patron  insists on buying the painting, over Max's well-intended protests. Martin meets the influential Baron von Friesche , a dedicated Nazi, and joins the Nazi party, becoming an important official in the new regime. In his letters to Max and Heinrich, Martin becomes more and more antisemitic, eventually stating that he will no longer write to them, worried how it would look to his new associates. Suspecting that Martin is hiding his true feelings from Nazi censors who examine the mail, Max has an American friend personally deliver a letter to Martin to confirm his surmise. However, Martin makes it coldly clear that Max is mistaken. In Vienna, Griselle lands the leading role in a play under the stage name "Griselle Stone". Her lines include the Beatitudes, including "Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God", but during the final rehearsal, a censor  insists that this and other lines contrary to Nazi doctrine be removed. At the premiere, Griselle ignores the order, inciting the irate censor to demand the play be stopped. Griselle admits that she acted on her own. When the censor demands to know her real name, her obviously Jewish surname rouses the hostile crowd to riot. The play's director hurries a still-defiant Griselle out of the theater for her own safety. Finally realizing her danger, she flees into the country. She makes her way to Martin's estate, barely ahead of her Nazi pursuers. However, Martin refuses to let her in. After he shuts the door in her face, several gunshots ring out. Martin's wife Elsa  witnesses the exchange and is appalled by her husband's heartlessness. Max and Heinrich learn of Griselle's death in a short, cold letter in which Martin states only that Max's daughter is dead. Martin begins to receive odd letters from Max, written in what appears to be code. He has no idea what the letters mean. When one is delivered to him during the christening of his newborn son, Baron von Friesche asks if it is important; Martin lies out of fear. Later, von Friesche warns him that receiving coded messages is illegal. Despite his frantic efforts, the letters continue to arrive. Eventually, he is forced to resign his position. When his wife leaves him, taking their children to Switzerland, he begs her to take a secret letter to Max, begging him to stop writing to him. Von Friesche tells Martin that when Elsa was stopped at the border, she destroyed his letter before it could be read, which only served to heighten suspicions. The baron demands that he save himself by naming his associates; when Martin continues to protest his innocence, von Friesche tells him that the Gestapo will take him in for questioning. Martin considers killing himself, but desists. That night, a terrified Martin ventures out of his deserted mansion and is suddenly illuminated by a flashlight. Back in San Francisco, Max receives a returned letter, stamped "Address Unknown". Max tells Heinrich that he does not understand, as he had stopped writing to Martin after Griselle's death. From Heinrich's expression and lack of surprise, it becomes clear that he had been sending the letters.