Shortly after World War II, British Col. Michael "Hooky" Nicobar  is staying in Rome with his aides Audrey Quail , Major John "Twingo" McPhimister  and Private David Moonlight , when he is suddenly transferred to Vienna. Hooky is assigned to assist Brigadier C.M.V. Catlock  in monitoring possible activities against the Allied nations and repatriating Soviet citizens living in the British zone of Vienna. He and his aides are billeted at a convent, led by the friendly Mother Superior . At this convent, Twingo is drawn to a ballerina known as Maria Buhlen . He falls for her instantly and tries to meet her, but she is reluctant to, until they are officially introduced to each other by Mother Superior. Twingo and Maria start going out, until Soviet Colonel Piniev  reports to Hooky, announcing he is searching for a Russian ballerina named Olga Alexandrova, aka Maria Buhlen. Piniev assures Hooky that he means no harm to Olga, and that it is his order to bring her back to the Soviet Union. Later that night, Maria and the Mother Superior reveal that Maria is Olga, the daughter of Soviet dissidents. Shortly later, the Soviets search the entire convent, looking for Olga. Hooky does not reveal that he is aware of Olga's presence, not wanting to put the Mother Superior's image in danger. However, after the Russians leave without having found Olga, Hooky announces that he will give her into the hands of the Soviets the next day. When he overviews Twingo trying to help Olga escape, which Olga declines because she does not want to be the cause of endangering Hooky and Twingo's friendship, Hooky gives her into the hands of the Soviets the same night. Over the next few days, Hooky is heavily criticized for his actions by Twingo and Mother Superior. He and Twingo continue their repatriation duties as they announce to the Soviet Professor Serge Bruloff  that he is about to be deported, to which Bruloff reacts by shooting himself. Hooky claims that there is no connection between Olga's reluctance to be deported to the Soviet Union and Serge's suicide, until the third person on his list, Helena Nagard , Serge's wife, responds by bursting into tears. Hooky starts to doubt the policy of the Soviets and as he witnesses Olga being deported to a harsh detainment camp, he swears to raise awareness of the way these displaced people are being treated. One day, after telling Mother Superior how he has lost faith since the death of his son, Hooky finds out the Soviets are taking authority in the British zone in their own hands by displacing Soviet citizens themselves. Hooky, enraged, rushes to the train station, where he witnesses the poor conditions they are in. Mother Superior, who accompanied him, notices the presence of Olga among the people in the train. Later, Hooky announces he will take over all the people in the train, prohibiting them from being transferred to Moscow. Sometime later, Hooky finds out Olga has escaped from the Soviets and brings her to safety with Twingo, who is now her lover. When Hooky and Mother Superior receive a visit from Piniev, who is looking for Olga, they refuse to co-operate and are therefore let go from their assignment. The following period, Hooky helps Mother Superior fly to Rome to visit the Pope. Afterward, Hooky is ordered to turn in Olga to the Soviets. He refuses and is officially fired from his job. Meanwhile, Twingo and Olga plan on moving to Scotland, when she is suddenly captured by Hooky's replacement, Colonel Omicron, who intends to turn her in to Piniev. Realizing her fate, she attempts to commit suicide by jumping out of a window; she dies that evening of her injuries. Shortly after, Hooky is assigned to an operation called "Humanizing Army". The repatriation is ended, and Hooky is put in charge of administering the new policy.