A baby anaconda, captured at the end of Anaconda 3: Offspring, is being used for experiments by a scientist. He creates a hybrid of the blood orchids from Borneo that enabled the anaconda to grow so large and live so long, and creates a serum for cell regeneration. When he disappears and the snake escapes, Murdoch, a billionaire suffering from bone cancer, sends a team to find him  and the serum because that serum can cure him. He also tells them to be careful of Dr. Amanda Hayes, and to kill her if needed. Dr. Amanda Hayes and two officers also go in search of the scientist, determined to destroy the serum and kill the snake. On the way they meet Alex, a trekker who appears lost in the Carpathians while doing a pathology project. The two groups encounter more people  who are holidaying and trekking but get dragged into the search for the snake. Due to the serum, the anaconda can no longer die without significant damage to its internal organs. During the course of the film, Heather gets poisoned and falls ill due to an unknown insect bite. Most of the people are attacked and eaten by the snake. It first kills an unnamed hunter working for Murdoch. When the other hunters find Hayes, her group and Jackson's group, they shoot an already injured Patrick  and Wendy for trying to escape. The snake finds them and devours Leila, and Hakeem. Amanda and Jackson are forced to find the serum, and are accompanied by two henchmen of Eugene to find the serum. They put up at the scientist's house.There the two find the serum but keep it hidden. The anaconda strikes the house and devours one gunman, and while the other is trying to fight it off, Amanda and Alex escape. Jackie corners them, but is taken by surprise by Jackson. The snake attacks Jackie and he blows himself accidentally. It then chases Amanda and Jackson. Jackson sacrifices himself to the snake to buy time for Amanda to run. In one attempt to destroy the snake Amanda throws a gasoline tank at the snake then explodes the gasoline tank, which then splits the snake in two, but the snake regenerates. Back at the basecamp, Murdoch appears, but is in for a rude shock when he sees that his arch enemy is also there, and that Eugene has joined hands with the latter. Seeing the melee they are in, Scott stabs Eugene, makes him shoot Murdoch's rival and then fights Armon but is shot by the latter. As he is going to kill Scott, there bursts Amanda, shooting Armon. Murdoch then appears and demands that Amanda give him the serum. As they do that, he keeps his word not to kill them, and tells them to leave. As the remaining survivors leave in the jeep, Murdoch injects himself with the serum and discovers that the serum works, but is killed by the anaconda. The anaconda then pursues the survivors: Amanda, Jackson, Alex, Chanel and Heather who are in a car with one of Murdoch's hunters, Eugene, who clings on the back of the jeep and grabs Jackson. Amanda kicks him out of the car with two grenades in hand. While the snake devours him the snake is blown to bits. As Amanda, Jackson, Chanel, Alex and Heather leave, the anaconda, who seems to have regenerated, appears and slithers into the forest.