Present day New York City: Sean MacArthur  is a street hustler. One day while selling counterfeit goods at the corner of Radio City Music Hall, a group of young men attempt to force Sean to relocate with his merchandise. These boys work for Harvey Boarden , a ticket scalper who controls the corner. Sean fights them off, but does not retain his money or products. Later, Sean sees Harvey and the guys who stole his money in a cafe and confronts them. Harvey gives him his money back and offers him a chance to a 'winner takes all' fight for money. Harvey sets up a meeting with his friend and rival, Martinez . Sean's first fight is at a Brooklyn church against a Russian. He wins when he knocks the Russian into a water fountain. Harvey takes Sean to a club where he meets a waitress named Zulay , a single mother to whom Sean had earlier tried to sell a fake Chinese Harry Potter book. In the VIP area to the club, Sean also meets Evan Hailey , a professional fighter who used to be on the same college team as Sean, and was coached by Sean's father. Sean and Harvey leave after Evan and Sean nearly get into a fight. Sean's second fight is at the back of a store in the Bronx, against a much larger opponent. The fight descends into chaos after interference from some of Harvey's crew when the opponent nearly chokes Sean, and the woman who owns the store pulls out a gun because one of the guys spills her drink. Harvey, Sean, and the rest of Harvey's crew flee the scene and neither fighter gets paid. For his third fight, Sean and the crew go to a penthouse. Sean wins the third fight. Between fights, Sean meets Zulay a few times, and they eventually have sex. Sean and Zulay are visited by Harvey and Sean is furious, suspecting Zulay and Harvey of having sexual relations. Harvey explains that Zulay places bets for him. Sean and Harvey are offered a fight against Evan, and Sean accepts, but Harvey wants him to throw the fight so that Martinez and his associates can make money. Sean agrees to throw the fight. Zulay places the bets, a total of $500,000. Sean and Evan fight, with Zulay, Harvey, and the rest of the crew watching. Evan has Sean in a choke hold and it appears that Sean is about to throw the fight; however, he fights back and overpowers Evan. Sean beats Evan and Martinez threatens Harvey. At Harvey's apartment, Sean reveals Zulay reversed the bets and they have one million dollars. Zulay picks up Sean and Harvey and they leave New York with Zulay's daughter and grandmother.