Kiran  studies at college in Shimla. She is serenaded by a man whose face she does not see and believes her lover Sunil  is the one who serenaded her. However, when she sees Sunil, he says he was not in Shimla. Sunil works in the Royal Navy under the widowed Captain Mehra . One night, Kiran is in front of her house when a man shines a torch in her face and says "I love you, K-K-K-Kiran." He later phones her house and says the same thing. The next day, Kiran's brother  and his wife  receive photographs of Kiran in the post - Kiran sees them but says she never got them clicked. It is revealed that Kiran's mysterious stalker is Mehra's shy son named Rahul  - Rahul talks to his mother on the phone, Mehra is worried about this as Rahul's mother has been dead for eighteen years. Rahul soon learns that Kiran and Sunil are in love. He telephones Kiran and warns her against meeting Sunil, she refuses to listen to him. Later, Rahul and Sunil meet. Sunil has no suspicions especially because he learns that Rahul is Mehra's son - the two become friends and Rahul now learns that Sunil plans on marrying Kiran. Rahul resorts to entering Kiran's house on her birthday. Sunil and Kiran decide to set a trap for Rahul. However, their plan fails as Rahul realises it too easilly. Kiran's relatives call the police. When Rahul next phones, a policeman traces the call - the group are shocked to discover that Rahul that phoned from inside their house. Later, Sunil asks Kiran to marry him - Rahul is livid and decides to kill Sunil. Rahul tries to shoot Sunil but misses - Sunil chases Rahul who escapes and Sunil is injured badly. On recovering, Sunil marries Kiran. Rahul now carves Kiran's name on his chest - he vows to break up her marriage to Sunil. When Sunil and Kiran arrive in their new apartment, they find threatening messages written on all the walls. To get over the incident, the pair decide to take a honeymoon trip to Switzerland. Rahul is falsely told that they have travelled to Goa. He searches every hotel but cannot find them. He reuintes with an old college friend Vicky . Rahul constantly visits Kiran's family, hoping to get information out of them. Kiran's family do not realise what his true intentions are. Later, Vicky dies and Rahul places letters to Kiran and a suicide note next to his dead body. Everybody now believes Vicky was the mysterious man who terrorised Kiran. Rahul overhears Kiran's family say that Kiran and Sunil have gone to Switzerland. In Switzerland, Kiran and Sunil learn that Kiran's stalker is dead and are overjoyed. Rahul arrives in Switzerland, it is revealed he and Kiran went to the same college. Kiran tells Sunil that Rahul was crazy about a girl in college but nobody ever knew her identity. On the phone one day, Sunil is speaking to Kiran's brother, who tells him that Rahul had been visiting their house in India. Sunil now believes Rahul had been harassing Kiran. He lures Rahul into the forest and savagely beats him. Rahul eventually stabs Sunil. Rahul finds Kiran on a boat, he reveals the truth to her and also says he has murdered Sunil - he now forces Kiran to marry him. Later that night, Sunil arrives and engages in a fight and starts bashing Rahul again before Sunil could kill Kiran in adverntly tells Sunil to kill Rahul.Thus Rahul realises that Kiran never loved him and he only bought pain to her Sunil shoots Rahul three times Rahul ask for forgiveness to Kiran before he dies in the end Sunil and Kiran comes back to India