The sex-crazed teenagers of Angel Beach High School are back for the third and final time. They continue to be harassed by the gym teacher, Beulah Balbricker, who catches them watching porn in the school library. A plot to get even with her is mixed with a plan to humiliate Pee Wee: a letter is written to Ms. Balbricker arranging a rendezvous at a motel with an old boyfriend of hers, while Pee Wee is enticed to the same motel room by the promise of a night of passion with a beautiful Swedish exchange student. Tommy, who is not in on the Pee Wee plot, tricks Pee Wee into going to another location while he heads to the motel room. Ms. Balbricker arrives first followed by Tommy, and while the gang wait outside the darkened motel room , Tommy and Ms. Balbricker are horrified to find themselves unclothed and in bed with each other. Tommy barely manages to make it out of the room with his life , but Ms. Balbricker is utterly crushed and humiliated. To make up for their prank on Balbricker, the gang contact her old boyfriend and actually get them together. During the semi-final basketball game, the cheerleaders promise them an orgy if they win. The boys are highly motivated at this point and win the game. After the game, the boys are led to one of the girls homes, and everyone strips down to their underwear and jumps in a swimming pool. In the pool, the girls throw their underwear out of the pool. The guys do likewise, and swim toward the girls. Soon, but too late, they realize the girls are clothed after all and wind up parading nude before the clothed girls and a video camera. A few minutes later, the parents return home and the boys are forced to flee. Porky has returned and is back for vengeance; he now owns a riverboat with a gambling casino. According to Brian, Porky is extorting money from Coach Goodenough because he owes money to him. The gang decide to go to the boat to take pictures of the illegal casino to give to the D.A. During this time, Meat runs into Porky's sex-crazed daughter who forces herself on him. The boys' plan fails because Porky catches them in the act and is about to kill them. But when they mention the State Championship game, Porky realizes that the gang could help him out by throwing the game so he can bet against them. They agree to throw the game, but later on change their minds. Meanwhile, Meat has a problem with cutting up dead animals, which raises the ire of the biology teacher Miss Webster, who is now determined to see Meat fail . The gang goes to her apartment to get a copy of the final exam. They discover Miss Webster and the School Guidance Counselor having rather kinky extramarital relations. They successfully take photos for blackmail purposes. During the final game, Meat is benched because Miss Webster intentionally failed him, resulting in a dismal performance in the first-half. Miss Webster discovers the blackmail photos and a note, causing her to change her mind. The second half of the game has Meat playing his heart out, resulting in a victory for Angel Beach. Porky is outraged. His daughter, Blossom, tells him that Meat is her boyfriend and they "went all the way". Porky orders his men to make sure Meat and her get married. During the senior prom, Meat is abducted by Porky and his men. The gang decide that this is the last straw and go after them. Just as the wedding is about to start, the power goes out and Meat is liberated by Billy and Brian. Tommy and Wendy distract the drawbridge man while Pee-Wee takes over the bridge controls raising the bridge. Meanwhile Porky's boat is chasing the guys in their rowboat and they are headed for the bridge. After the rowboat gets through, Pee Wee lowers the bridge, resulting in the destruction of Porky's casino boat. At graduation, the guys trick Pee Wee into taking off all his clothes, except the graduation gown. As he's about to get his diploma, Principal Carter steps on the gown, causing it to come off and reveal Pee Wee in his nudity, just as he dreamed at the beginning of the film.