Late night in a bar in the present day, an old man enters and awaits service. Not long after, a group of thugs arrive and attempt to rob the till. The old man defeats them easily one-by-one with hand-to hand combat. Amazed, the bartender asks who he is. The old man replies it was long ago... Christopher Dubois  is a pickpocket in his mid-twenties living in 1925 New York. Orphaned as a child, Dubois looks after a large group of young orphans by performing cons and stealing. After stealing a large sum of money from a group of gangsters, Dubois and the children are found by the gangsters. Dubois is able to subdue the gangsters with his physical skill, but the struggle draws the attention of the police. After promising to return to the children, Dubois escapes the police by stowing away on a boat. He is eventually found out by the crew and imprisoned by gun smugglers and pirates and forced into physical labor. Eventually, the crew decides Dubois is no longer needed. But before he can be killed, the pirate ship is attacked and boarded by a mercenary Englishman, Lord Edgar Dobbs . After saving each others lives, Dobbs agrees to help Dubois return home, but deceives him and sells Dubois into slavery on an island near Siam, where Dubois is trained in Muay Thai fighting. After 6 months, Dobbs and his partner Harri Smythe ([[Jack McGee  find Dubois fighting in a Muay Thai match and see that he has become a skilled fighter. Dobbs later assists  Dubois, buying Dubois' freedom so the now expert fighter can represent the U.S in a Kumite-like tournament called the Ghang-gheng, held in the Lost City of Tibet, where representatives of different countries like Germany, Soviet Union, Scotland, Spain, Turkey, Brazil, Korea, Siam, Greece, France, China, Japan, Okinawa, Africa, and Mongolia fight in elimination bouts, and the winner of the tournament receives a valuable statue, the Golden Dragon. Along for the journey are American reporter Carrie Newton  and heavyweight boxing champion Maxie Devine . Dubois ultimately wins the tournament by defeating the representative of Mongolia and he is given a medal and proclaimed the greatest fighter, but does not accept the Golden Dragon. Instead he trades it for the lives of Dobbs and his comrade Harri, who were sentenced to death for trying to steal the Golden Dragon. Back in the bar, Dubois explained he never received the Golden Dragon. Instead, he returned to New York and helped the children get off the streets. Ultimately, things turned out for the best. Devine helped to train many great fighters. Dobbs and Harri opened a trading post deep in the Amazon. In the final scene, a book by Carrie Newton closes revealing its title; 'The Quest'.