In the opening scene, Siddhant Dheer , the head of the Anti-Terrorist Cell , narrates how rampant terrorism has become in the world and goes on to tell the story of 7 hardest days in his life. The ATC has a tip off about an impending terrorist attack on the 10th May, targeting 20-25 thousand people. The man behind the plan is one Jamwaal, a Keyser Söze who is feared by politicos and the law alike. The only piece of information, known about the impending attack is the codeword "JEET". Siddharth starts an unofficial investigation against Jamwaal. A goon named Altaf is arrested in connection to the case. Later, a woman is shot dead in her own home by an unknown assailant. Siddhant gets a tip from Neha, an undercover officer stationed by him in Canada, that an aide of Jamwaal named Himmat Mehendi has been arrested by the Canadian police. He sends his brother Shashank  and another colleague, Aditya  to grab Himmat, take him to a safe location pointed out by Neha and extract information from him about Jamwaal. After attending his sister Anu's  wedding, Shashank and Aditya head to Canada on the same day. At the same time, Anu and her husband are kidnapped in lieu of Altaaf's release. Siddhant, then realizes that there is a mole in the ATC itself. Meanwhile, in Canada, Aditya and Shashank team up with Neha  and a local cop named Dan  and kidnap Himmat, who, at first, claims to them that he is "JD", but breaks down and tells them that everybody working for Jamwaal is a pawn who doesn't know his identity. He claims that he does not know anything else and the quartet realize that Himmat is too scared of Jamwaal to be entirely plausible. They then stage an attempt on Himmat's life and a scared Himmat informs them that the only people who pose any real danger to Jamwaal are Aasif and Irfan, his once friends turned foes, who betrayed him to foil his plans. Himmat tells them that he knows where Aasif might be. The quartet turn up at a disco, Irfan's supposed hideout, with Himmat and question Aasif. Aasif merely gives them Irfan's whereabouts and commits suicide. This leads the group to realize that Irfan himself is Jamwaal. They confront Irfan, and after killing his goons, kill him too. In India, Siddhant prepares a trap to rescue Anu. Anu's husband dies, but Anu is saved and the mole, Roy, is detained and commits suicide instead of suffering the indignity of going to prison. An enraged Siddhant learns from Altaf that the latter had been hired by Jamwaal to kill Aasif and Irfan in Canada before his arrest since they were the only people who could foil Jamwaal's plans for the 10th of May. Siddhant decides to go to Canada, while his colleague and love interest, Aditi  decides to use Altaf as a bait to track down people in league with Jamwaal. As a result, many high profile individuals and politicians are exposed. In Canada, Himmat is set free. Shashank decides to propose to Neha and goes to her house along with Dan and Aditya. However, they find the house suspiciously empty and dark. Suddenly, they hear the footsteps of an intruder and confront him. They are shocked to find that the intruder is Siddhant, who tells them that Neha had been murdered a long time back. Now, it is revealed that the woman who was shot to death earlier was actually Neha. Siddhant explains that Jamwaal had Neha killed and replaced a fake Neha, since he had had prior information to Aditya and Shashank's arrival in Canada . The day Altaf was arrested, Jamwaal suffered an accident and was arrested in a "drunk and driving case". The real Neha, who had been following them at that point, only knew the real Himmat Mehendi, who had been killed by Irfan shortly after that event. Further more, Jamwaal had wanted to kill his former friends as they could foil his still unknown plans. But when Altaf, his hired gun, was arrested by ATC, and even he was arrested while being assumed to be Himmat Mehendi, he kept the misunderstanding going and conned Aditya, Shashank and Dan to do what he had wanted Altaaf to do, thus making his coast clear. This leads to one shocking reality- The person that the group had assumed to be Himmat Mehendi was the real Jamwaal and that he had made four officers from two nations dance to his tune. Still clueless about Jamwaal's plans, the quartet, once again, focuses on "JEET". Siddhant realizes that every letter in the word had something to do with its position in the English alphabet . Dan gives him information that on the 10th of May, a football match was going to take place at a nearby stadium, the chief guest of which was the Prime Minister of India himself. Realizing that this stadium will be bombed on the fateful day at 5 o'clock, the quartet turns up at the stadium and splits up. Siddhant is captured by the guards, who were in on the plan. Aditya finds the bomb on a car whose registration number ends with the number 20, thus explaining the meaning of the letter T in the word JEET. He drives the car outside the stadium while. Shashank finds another bomb of the same size and takes it to a nearby flying club, where he runs into the fake Neha, who confesses that she has fallen in love with him. They load the bombs into a small plane, with Shashank deciding to dispose the bomb off at a deserted area, away from city limits. Dan enters the stadium by another route, only to end up being taken hostage along with his estranged wife and some school children. Dan somehow rescues his wife and the children, while Siddhant manages to escape and kill some goons despite being temporarily blinded. As both head to different directions to find Jamwaal, the latter is informed by his men that both the bombs have been taken away and that the mission has failed. Jamwaal tries to escape from the building, only to run into Siddhant. As Siddhant doesn't know him, Jamwaal nearly succeeds in escaping by pretending to be someone else, but Siddhant calls him on his bluff. Here, Shashank realizes that he has too little time to dispose off the bomb safely and decides to crash the plane along with himself and the fake Neha, much to Siddhant's anguish. He bids an emotional farewell to the others and then crashes the plane into a nearby lake. Meanwhile, Aditya also faces the same plight. Siddhant is distraught by the turn of events. Dan has called for help, with which he succeeds in rescuing Aditya just moments before the jeep explodes in a valley. Jamwaal tries to escape, but is tracked down and shot dead by Siddhant in an elevator. The film ends as Shashank's ashes are immersed in the river. Siddhant surmises that everything had returned to normal after those 7 days, which were the most difficult days in his life. But he had lost his brother forever, somewhere in the sands of time.