April , a selfish alcoholic singer, is performing at a nightclub where she works. On the other side of town, Madea  and Joe  catch Jennifer , Manny , and Bryan  breaking into their house. After hearing the children’s troubles, Madea welcomes them and feeds them. Jennifer tells Madea that they’re living with their grandmother, who they have not seen in four days. They tell Madea that their only other relative is their aunt April. April shares her home with her shady boyfriend, Randy , who’s married with children. The next morning, Madea brings the kids to April's house, but April doesn’t want to be bothered. Meanwhile, Pastor Brian  sends a Colombian immigrant named Sandino  to her house for work and a place to stay. April puts Sandino in her basement and wants to lock him down there because she doesn't know him that well. While working around the house, Sandino surprises April by cleaning himself up and becoming very handsome. When Randy arrives, he sees April with the kids and Sandino and heckles him while making subtle advances at Jennifer. Shortly after, Pastor Brian and Wilma , a church member, comes to inform April that her mother died from a fatal brain aneurysm while riding on a bus, April is devastated by the news and seeks comfort from Randy, however he is sleeping and shrugs off April's attempt to seek comfort. Later, Sandino comforts April as she tells him about her mother's death and the last time she spoke with her. Depressed, Jennifer goes to Madea wanting to know how to pray. However, Madea, inexperienced with prayer, attempts to instruct in a scene that plays out comically. The same night, Wilma sings "The Need to Be", an uplifting song for women and Tanya , the nightclub bartender, sings "I Can Do Bad". Before singing the song, Tanya is fed up with April's attitude and tries to help her friend despite that she can't help April if she can’t help herself. Over time, Sandino and April become friends and Sandino fixes a ruined bedroom in her house making Manny and Bryon happy except Jennifer who feels April doesn't want them there. While on a date, Sandino tells April he doesn't understand why she is with Randy and asks if she loves Randy. He tells her what true love is to him. One Sunday morning, Sandino eagerly knocks on April's bedroom door to get April ready for church, but Randy threatens to kill Sandino if he continues to spend time with April. Late one night, Manny needs his insulin shot and Jennifer gets it for him in the kitchen. As Jennifer gets her brother's insulin, Randy comes up to her and attempts to rape her, but he is fought off by Sandino. April walks in on the fight and Randy claims that Jennifer offered sex with him for money. April claims to believe him and sends Randy to take a bath. When he is in the tub, April comes up and threatens to electrocute him with a plugged-in radio. Sandino arrives and tries to stop her, but April is enraged and drops the radio into the water causing Randy to receive a severe electric shock. Randy jumps out and is ordered to leave the apartment by Sandino. April goes to the bar for a drink and blames the incident on herself for not seeing the signs. Sandino tries to stop her from drinking, but she pushes him away. She then asks Sandino if he is a child molester because of all the attention he gives the children. Sandino tells April of his childhood as a child laborer and that he loves the children so much because he sees himself in them. Feeling hurt at her unfair accusations, Sandino says farewell to the children and leaves. Jennifer and April begin to get along and connect after April tells Jennifer about her bad experience as a child. Jennifer tells April that she should recognize Sandino as a good man. Eventually Sandino returns and April apologizes to him and admits that she "loves" him like a friend. Sandino tells her that she can't love anyone until she learns to love herself. He tells April that he is in love with her but he wants April to love him back the same way he loves her. He shows her by kissing her. As time passes, April and Sandino get married. April and Sandino then hold a block party for their reception with Tanya singing "Good Woman Down", dedicated to April, then you see the new couple embracing and kissing each other.