Filled with enthusiasm, Donald Duck walks to his local draft board after receiving a draft notice. Along the sidewalk he passes several recruiting posters which romanticize army life. After arriving at the draft board, Donald greets an officer seated at a desk, presents his paper, and expresses his desire to join the Army Air Forces, adding excitedly "I came from a family of aviators!" The officer directs Donald to a room where he is to undergo a physical examination. Inside the exam room, a team of white-coated doctors hurriedly pass Donald around, measuring him and testing his vital signs, vision, and hearing. Several gags during the scene emphasize the Army's willingness to accept as many recruits as possibe; one example is when one doctor holds up a red card with the word, "red" printed on it and asks, "What color is this red card?". Donald answers, "Red." The doctor then holds up another card that is green with the word, "green" printed on it and says, "And this green one?" Donald answers, "Blue", to which the doctor replies, "Blue? That's close enough." In another example, the doctor holds a loud alarm clock directly against Donald's head and asks "Can you hear this?" At the end of the exam Donald is given his uniform and has his rear end stamped with a large "OK."This gag was taken directly from the short The Barnyard Battle  where Mickey Mouse gets stamped in a similar fashion. The second half of the film takes place at Donald's Basic Training. While the unit is marched around the field by the drill sergeant ([[Pete , Donald is distracted by Douglas C-47 Skytrains flying overhead, reminding him that he would rather be flying. Donald's lack of concentration leads to his marching out of step with the other soldiers. After messing up his facing movements, the bayonet on the end of his rifle causes even more problems. Pete dismisses the other soldiers to give Donald some "special training." But he soon admits "You're hopeless!" Finally Donald's ineptitude leads to a series of accidental discharges from his rifle, several of which strike Pete who, in typical cartoon fashion, is unharmed. The final scene shows Donald skinning the peal of a potato to form his catchphrase "phooey". The camera pulls back and reveals Donald in a large room with many more potatoes to be pealed.