Animesh Mitra is simpleton who arrives at Calcutta from Jalpaiguri, during hostile times , to study at the Scottish Church College. He is scheduled to take refuge at the residence of his father’s friend Mr. Debabrata, but he accidentally gets shot in the limb and ends up at the Calcutta Medical College. Eventually things move on and Animesh develops a deep friendship with Debabrata’s daughter Neela. He takes admission in the B.A classes of Scottish Church College on Bengali Literature and ultimately becomes intertwined with the unresting times of the youth intellect. He turns to become a Communist under the mentorship of Ramen and Subash Sen, but after a year he feels that their party  has been deviating from the ideals of building up an egalitarian society. With the idealistic ideas of Subhash Sen and others Animesh rediscover himself as a hardcore Naxalite, rampaging the interiors of northern West Bengal. In the meantime Animesh gets ripped up between his ideals and his love . Madhabilata gets pregnant out of wedlock while Animesh abandons her for greater idealism. Animesh’s roommate, the unquenchable poet Tridip, accompanies him with a dreamy vision of a noncompartmentalized nation. But outrageous planning leads the Naxalite movement to be a tragic demise. Subash Sen and other leaders get slaughtered by the brutal Congressian Police. Tridip is shot dead in front of Animesh and Animesh is tortured by the state to such an extent that he becomes crippled. His nervous systems  breaks down completely, making him a man who can sit and stagger. Madhabilata gives birth to a baby boy . Neela stands beside Madhabilata like a wall and delivers immense support. Finally in 1977, the Left Front Government decides to release every political prisoner; a devastated Animesh comes out from jail custody after meeting minister Sudip . The film ends with silver lining when Animesh unites with his estranged family in a slum  with nothing to vie for but with a spark of hope against aghast capitalism and return back to mainstream with a new theology.