The small Alaskan town of Beaver Mills is located just north of the Arctic Circle, meaning that the sun does not set during the summer solstice. As the town prepares for its annual celebration of this event, a wyvern is awakened from its prison of ice by the melting of the ice caps, and first attacks a fisherman. Jake , who is new in town, is a handyman fixing the cafe where Claire  works. He hurts his hand and David ([[David Lewis , the town's doctor, comes to his house to look at it. While driving back to town, David stops in the woods to pee and is attacked by the wyvern. Sheriff Dawson  and Jake are having coffee at the cafe the next morning when they hear gunshots in the woods and go to investigate. It is Haas , a redneck who was attacked by the wyvern but managed to survive. They asked him what attacked him but he is unsure of what it was, and just tells them it could fly. On the way back to town, Dawson finds David's arm and then believes Haas. Colonel , who has seen the Wyvern from his house, goes in to town to warn everyone, because they are all outside for a festival. No one believes him and he goes to kill it. As Dawson goes to a friend's farm to get help, he radios to his Deputy Susie  to watch the town, but she can't understand what he says. Dawson arrives to find his friend dead, and heads back to town. Back at the town, the wyvern comes killing Susie and several other people. Jake, Claire, Haas, and an old crazy lady named Edin  take shelter in the cafe. Later, Hampton , who runs the towns radio, and Farley , just another citizen, make it to the cafe. Sheriff Dawson comes back to town but is killed by the wyvern. Jake and Claire decide to track the wyvern into the woods, where they find the Colonel, and discover the wyvern is killing anyone who tries to leave on the interstate. Jake and Hampton fix the radio tower and try to get help, but no one responds. Farley is injured trying to get supplies. The wyvern then uses David, who is still alive, as bait to get people to come out of the cafe. Jake goes to rescue him, and Farley realizes he wont make it back with David, so he distracts the wyvern to save them, but is eaten. David tells the group the Wyvern has eggs, and then dies from his injuries. The survivors decide to electrify the nest, but the wyvern comes and kills Haas. Jake takes a truck left on the side of the road and, using the eggs as bait, kills the wyvern by driving it off the cliff and bailing out at the last second. Jake, Claire, Colonel, Hampton and Edin head back to the cafe to try to radio for help again. The film presents its own mythology surrounding the creature. According to Haas, the Wyvern is an ancient beast from Norwegian mythology. Haas further states that the Wyvern was the son of Hel, the goddess of death, who went on a rampage and bit Odin, causing the king of the Norwegian gods to imprison it in ice far to the north.