Jannat Ki Talash is a film set in the time when Pakistan was newly created, and still some Muslims lived in India, whom thought as their home to be Pakistan. The film beautifully scripted by the senior director Hassan Askari and is about a Pakistani girl Salma  whose life is changed, once living in India. Shaan loves her, who was her cousin living in newly made Pakistan. Her brother is getting married, and celebrations are on their way, but Indians and sikhs  come and wreck the wedding. They brutally kill everyone including Salma's parents in front of her eyes, they take all the women and children, but Salma escapes. All her initial family dead in Pakistan she wonders off on the streets of India, then she finds a Muslim group, going to Pakistan, she too follows them in hope to meet her outer and extended family to have a better life. She shrunk into the taplin as she gives up on life. As everything looks peaceful and fine, Suad and his large group of `Muslim-haters' arrive out behind the long-distance trees. Within minutes they murder the innocent Muslims, even children with sticks of fire and swords. They take the women in their arms and kill the older ones. Suad finds Salma behind the wheel of a taplin and lifts her with her hair and takes her, although she tries to commit suicide in order to protect her dignity and does not succeed. He takes her to her home and shows his father  who declines and says to take her to Pakistan, Saud says no and says he wants marry the Muslim girl, but first wants to make her a Sikh. As she wakes up she pleads to go to Pakistan, her Jannat. Suad forces her to become a Sikh and marry him, she protests and declines. Khusboo is also introduced, she loves Suad deeply. Salma is used as a slave to the family of Indians, Suad`s mother loses her temper with her, and slaps and slams her to the floor, Khushboo also had a slam at her. Salma now in tears says once again let me go to Pakistan, Khushboo drags her from her hair outside, Resham again protests for freedom, and touches Khushboo's heart, and Khushboo lets her go. She runs in the open towards Pakistan, but Suad on his horse finds her and chases after her. In that time, Suad's father comes to protect her. She eventually gets to Pakistan, her dream her paradise, but finds no better results, as an older man tried to take advantage of her even after calling her his sister, Resham escaped but again got trapped by four drunked people, she called them her Paksiatani brothers but they tried to rape her and in defense Resham snatch one of their guns and in her defense killed the rappers .Shaan finds out and stands up for her in court, where the film begun. Resham tell the story of what happen to her, as above and judge lets her off, and Shaan takes her in his arms.