The film opens with a title card reading "In the Indian legends of North America, there exists a creature called Windigo... a ghost who lives on human flesh." The audience is then introduced to Jenny , Marty , and Chrissy , who are spending their New Year's Eve on a snowmobiling trip in the Rocky Mountains. After talking with a man at a small ski shop, the three decide to go riding before dark, but end up caught in a blizzard. Looming before them is a seemingly abandoned hotel at the top of the snow trail, isolated from tourists and miles away from the skiing area. The three enter the building to escape the increasingly harsh conditions, and find that the heat is on — there are, however, no working lights. As night falls, they start a fire in a fireplace in the lobby of the hotel, and tell stories and reminisce. Marty decides to go into the hotel kitchen where he finds an old woman  lurking. She is brash and apprehensive of their presence, and they learn that she lives in the hotel with two unseen sons; she fails to tell them her name. Though hesitant, the old lady takes them to their rooms. Marty and Jenny argue in their bedroom, while Chrissy goes down the hallway to take a bath since the plumbing in their rooms is obsolete. While in the bathtub, Chrissy is attacked by one of the old woman's sons, and held underwater until she becomes unconscious. A restless Jenny goes to check on Chrissy, but the candle-lit bathroom is empty; Jenny then runs into the old woman, and they speak for a few minutes about the hotel and her sons; she says ambiguously that she's "getting too old for it". Marty then stumbles upon the conversation, and they part ways. Meanwhile, Chrissy's attacker carries her to the basement of the hotel, where he slits her throat and then leaves her body in a igloo-like freezer. Marty and Jenny retire to their rooms, and Jenny awakens in the middle of the night. She leaves her room again, and hears the old woman talking to someone downstairs. She walks to the end of the hallway to the stairwell, and peers down to see the old lady talking to her son, saying, "It's done, isn't it?". The next morning, Marty goes outside to the snowmobiles to try and start them, but they still fail to turn on. Jenny gets dressed and goes downstairs, where Marty is arguing with the old woman in the kitchen — Chrissy is nowhere to be seen, and he suspects the snowmobiles have been tampered with. Marty goes outside the hotel to an old shed to look for tools, while Jenny stays in the kitchen with the old woman. The woman offers Jenny tea, which she accepts. Over tea, Jenny inquires about Chrissy's disappearance, but the old woman is evasive. Jenny returns to the front lounge room of the hotel, where she grows tired and begins to fall unconscious; it seems she has been drugged. She awakens in the basement, where she finds a book on Native American folklore, which explains that a windigo is often "kept" by an old woman who had the power passed on to her from another. In the basement, she finds the freezer where Chrissy's body was priorly left; she opens it, revealing a growling, beast-like man—it is revealed that he is the old woman's second son, a human Windigo. The other son comes down to the basement with a chainsaw, and chases Jenny throughout the hotel, up into the attic. Jenny exits through a window onto a small balcony; she manages to push the man over, where he is impaled on an iron fence below. Jenny finds Marty outside, who appears to be possessed and is rambling to himself. He wanders off into the woods, and Jenny returns to the hotel. Meanwhile, the storekeeper from the beginning of the film arrives at the hotel in search of the trio; almost immediately after entering, he is stabbed to death by the old woman. Jenny re-enters the hotel, where she finds the old woman's son's body, which has been dragged into the foyer. She finds a shotgun in a storage room, and is confronted by the knife-wielding old woman, who claims she is Jenny's dead mother. Jenny shoots her in the chest, killing her. After shooting the woman, Jenny seems to be overtaken by something; she goes to the basement and visits the windigo in the freezer, saying, "It's all right, Jenny will look after you now." She goes outside and finds Marty's lifeless body, but has no reaction to it; "I'll come back for you, Marty", she says, sweetly. The film ends with Jenny sitting in a lounge chair in front of the fire that night; the old woman's voice says in her head, "You've done good. You'll be fine... I'll look after you, you know I will. It'll be like it always was. You'll see".