The film opens as Mary Murdock , a young student, leaves a lively party at a club in New Jersey one night. She hits a bad bump driving home drunk on a dark road. Later, hearing noises in the garage, she finds a bleeding man, mangled and impaled on her jeep's bumper. Not calling 911, she tries to help, but he suddenly attacks. Panicked, she hits him with a golf club. After, she buries his body in a shallow grave in the woods off Clover Rd. The next day, Mary covers up the crime ; she scrubs off the blood but doesn't get the dent fixed . Mary starts coming apart. Irrational, she crashes on a tree to camouflage the small dent with a bigger. Later the news reveals the missing man is kindergarten teacher Timothy Emser , bipolar and unstable when he vanished. Strange things occur in Mary's house, making her feel toyed with by someone unseen; she descends into paranoia. It transpires that Rick , her boyfriend, gets involved in the cover up and goes to retrieve incriminatory evidence  off the corpse, but is killed, replaced in Emser's grave. It becomes clear Emser survived. Unhinged, he returns to make Mary live through the same nightmare she inflicted on him. He stalks Mary many ways. The parrots squawk strange phrases, which alert Mary. At one point, she falls down the stairs, impaling a screw driver in her thigh. Emser surprise attacks, biting and stabbing her, and she passes out. In a reversal, when Mary revives, Emser has strapped her to the bumper with electric cords and Christmas lights and takes her on a sadistic, all-night "revenge drive". Along the way, after a struggle, Emser kills a gas attendant  by pumping petrol down his throat. Emser parks back at his own house, leaving Mary trapped in his garage, as she did to him. He reunites with his worried family, but is ever more delusional, violent. Soon, Emser murders his wife Jane when she accidentally stumbles on and tries to untie Mary. It transpires that Emser goes to bury Mary in the woods with Rick's body, after detaching her and the bumper using a blowtorch and welding mask. However, in the grave, Mary is able to maim his eye with a plug from the cords and escapes in the jeep. When Emser blocks her path, Mary revs up and intentionally hits her tormentor several times. She speeds off in the dark. Next morning, Mary wakes on the roadside, numb and battered, and drives to a local auto shop. There, the mechanic and passersby ultimately discover, and pull out, Emser's body from under the jeep, where it got snagged. Seeing this, Mary has a mental breakdown, saying "I don't think I need that bumper anymore", laughing as the police sirens close in on her. The film ends moving closer to Emser's bloodied face on the pavement in the early rain, and it appears to be left uncertain whether he is actually dead or not. Throughout the narrative, a radio DJ called Eddie the Spaz is periodically heard, hosting a weekend music marathon, the "Spazathon", which bookends the film. The film is loosely inspired by an urban legend.{{cite web}}