The Hansen children are in a jam. Adam  and his best friend Duffy  have some tickets for the Headless Horseman concert, and his sister Chelsea  has a date with her dreamy boyfriend Peter. The only problem is, they are both grounded: Adam as punishment because he did not do his homework, instead making up a story using an article from the magazine The Weekly Secret, and Chelsea because she called Adam a dweeb, which their divorced mother, Lynette , happened to hear. Chelsea and Adam will do whatever it takes to get their mother out of the house, even if it includes a chance meeting with a very mysterious man. Everything seems to go according to plan, until their little brother Taylor  realizes that this stranger might be a vampire. His brother and sister do not believe Taylor, so he calls Malachi Van Helsing , the vampire hunter. The night that their mother goes out with Dimitri , the vampire, Taylor follows them. Not wanting their mother to come home, they follow Taylor and find him outside the restaurant that Lynette and Dimitri are at. Adam and Taylor make the vampire do the spoon test . Afterwards, Adam discovers that Taylor was right about Dimitri being a vampire when he looks in the mirror and notices Dimitri does not have a reflection. So, along with Chelsea, he sets out to stop Dimitri, who puts their mother in a trance and takes her to his mansion. Meanwhile, Malachi Van Helsing arrives and begins to hunt down Dimitri, only to discover that he was being followed by Taylor, who  had also set out to save his mother from Dimitri. In the end, Taylor becomes Van Helsing's partner and they arrive to do battle with Dimitri, who has Lynette in a trance, but even together Taylor, Adam, Chelsea and Van Helsing are unable to defeat Dimitri. Dimitri goes to bite a powerless Adam, but he and Chelsea call out to Lynette, breaking her trance . She throws Dimitri into his coffin. Van Helsing seals the coffin with silver-plated nails and explains that he plans to send it to a place where it's always sunny. Shortly after Dimitri is sealed up, Van Helsing asks their mother out on a "date", after which Adam, Chelsea and Taylor, believing they have heard the word "date" enough for one night, try to convince her to stay single -- which is when Lynette confesses, "I date...just not vampires." Finally, they all decide to go back to the Hansen house for breakfast as the sun is finally rising.