The film centers on four young girls , who are on a cross-country road-trip to Las Vegas. En route, they pick up a seemingly-harmless hitchhiker , and continue their journey, only for their car to break down in a deserted motel on a lonely highway. Waiting for a mechanic to arrive, the girls settle down in the hotel for the night. They wait out in the pool and Jack shows some interest in Melinda  Krista gets up later while the other girls are sleeping and lets herself in to Jack's room where they proceed to have rough sex. Later, Patty  and Denise  are teasing Krista while the mechanic  goes to Jack's truck to fix it, only to be shot in the head by Jack. Meanwhile, Jack brings some Cannabis in the form of a drink. All of the girls drink it except Melinda, who just takes a sip. She passes out, waking up the next day to find that the motel manager Doug  has been stabbed to death. Jack brings her to his plastic lined room, where she discovers the rest of the girls tied up. Jack then argues with the terrified girls while Melinda pleads with him to let them go. Denise tells Jack that she has no one and he asks her if she can love him. Denise agrees only to be forced onto the bed at knife-point by Jack. He then demands Melinda join them on the bed and brutally rapes her and then Denise. While he is raping Denise, Melinda grabs a piece of plastic from the ceiling and proceeds to suffocate Jack. The girls then run outside to the truck but can't find the keys. Krista runs back inside the motel to find them and they get in the truck but find that it won't start. They then start arguing that they have to leave, but Melinda says they have to go back and kill Jack. Patty stabs him in the chest and the girls run out, all safe except for Krista whom Jack shoots. Melinda tries and fails to take out the bullet, and Krista dies. Jack gets in the tow truck and runs. Later, a newly married couple – Jennifer  and Steve  – check into the motel, unaware of the girls. Later Steve knocks on Jack's room and Melinda answers. Steve, seeing the girls kicks the door open and Jack shoots him in the eye before knocking out Jennifer a while later. Two cops come visit, and the girls escape in their car, all except Patty who was shot 16 times in the stomach. Jack kills Jennifer with a shotgun, and Melinda and Denise escape in the car. Several weeks later Melinda and Denise are on Melinda's porch discussing the past events and its effect on them. Finally Denise says she must go home to her two dogs. Melinda asks her what dogs she got and Denise replies with a smile, "A Doberman and a pit bull." Later on that night Melinda is in her bathroom washing her face and we see a shadow move behind her. When she stands up straight once more she sees Jack's reflection in the mirror. When she turns around he is gone. Late that night Melinda is asleep with her husband when see wakes to a noise. She wakes her husband and he says it's just the porch gate, but he goes to check it out anyway. He fixes the gate and when he enters the house he is attacked by Jack. Melinda goes to check on her husband and finds him tied to a chair and Jack with a gun to his head. After a heated conversation in which Melinda yells she doesn't love Jack he is about to shoot her, but she shoots him first. He falls to the ground but lifts his gun once more saying, "What goes around comes around." Melinda shoots him again and the film ends.