A drifter named Hogan spots and saves a naked woman from being gang-raped by several bandits whom he shoots and kills. He later learns that the woman, Sara, is a nun working with a group of Mexican revolutionaries who are fighting the French. When Sara requests that Hogan take her to a Mexican camp, he agrees because he had previously arranged to help the Mexican revolutionaries attack the French garrison in exchange for a portion of the garrison's strongbox if they are successful. As the duo heads toward the camp, Hogan is surprised that the nun smokes his cigars and drinks his whiskey. When he attempts to detonate a charge to destroy a French ammunition train, he is shot by an arrow in the shoulder. Sara is able to bandage him, but he is still unable to shoot the charge to disable the train. Sara assists him in angling his rifle, and the two are able to destroy the train together. Eventually the two reach Juarista commander Col. Beltran's camp and Sara reveals the layout of the French garrison. She then reveals to Hogan that she is not a nun but a prostitute posing as a nun, and the two team up, infiltrate the fortress and open the gates for the Mexican revolutionary forces to swarm through. An epic battle ensues; Hogan demonstrates great bravery in the battle by singlehandedly gunning down several French soldiers. The French retreat and the Mexicans capture the fort. As promised, Hogan receives a big portion of the riches in the fort. Now wealthy and his job completed, Hogan and Sara set off together for further adventures.  All along the film, major plot twists revolve around the anachronistic use of dynamite. Both the item and the word "dynamite" were invented in 1867 by Alfred Nobel. The events depicted are supposed to take place during the French intervention in Mexico, between 1861 and 1866, before M. Nobel obtained patents for his invention: in England on May 7, 1867 and in Sweden on October 19, 1867. This anachronism in a 1970 film about a part of Mexican history is to be related with the 1971 Sergio Leone Film Duck, You Sucker! which relates the adventures of a fictional dynamite expert during another Mexican historical period: the revolution of 1911.