Chaney , a mysterious, down-on-his luck drifter during the Great Depression, arrives in town in the boxcar of a freight train. He comes upon a bare-knuckled street fight run by gamblers. After the bout, he follows one of the fight's organizers, the fast-talking "Speed" . Chaney asks Speed to set up a fight. Betting his few dollars on himself, Chaney wins with a single punch. Speed wants to become Chaney's manager. They travel to New Orleans, where Speed intends to enter Chaney against local fighters at long odds. Chaney takes a cheap sleeping room. At a diner, he meets Lucy Simpson , a lonely woman whose husband is in prison. They begin an uneasy affair. Chaney cautions Speed that he wants to make a little money to "fill a few in-betweens," and then move on. Speed recruits a cutman, the medical school dropout Poe . An opium addict - "a dyed in the wool hophead", Poe is relieved when Chaney accepts him. Speed plans for Chaney to take on the city's undefeated street fighter Jim Henry , an intimidating brawler bankrolled by wealthy businessman Chick Gandil . Gandil suspects a setup, so he insists Speed bet $3,000 up front. Speed is forced to obtain a loan from local mobsters. Chaney takes on Jim Henry and proves up to the task, knocking him out. The trio of Chaney, Speed and Poe celebrate at a juke joint with their lady friends. Speed gets into a dice game and gambles away his share of the winnings. The mobsters stalk Speed because of the money he owes. Gandil offers money so Chaney will fight for him. Speed is willing because it will square his debts, but Chaney refuses. He and Speed have a bitter argument. Lucy also splits with Chaney because of his emotional distance and lack of commitment. Gandil decides to hire Street , a black leather coat wearing, top street fighter from Chicago. He fails to draw Chaney into a winner-take-all bout, so he pays off Speed's debt and takes him hostage. If there is no fight, Speed will be killed for the money he owes. Poe visits Chaney at his apartment and tells him the trouble Speed is in. Chaney comes to Gandil's warehouse where the fight will take place. Not only is he forced to fight for Speed's life, but must risk all of his own winnings. Street is his toughest opponent and the two knock each other down, but eventually Chaney gets the upper hand and wins a grueling bout. Speed's life is spared. True to his word, Chaney decides the time has come to move on. He gives Speed and Poe a generous amount of the money and walks alone towards the railroad tracks. As he disappears into darkness, Speed says, "He sure was something." This film is highly allegorical both in the characters and story. As Poe stated "some are born to fail, others have it thrust upon them". Chaney - strong in character and commitment, daunting and invincible. Speed, a huckster, inveterate gambler, weak in character and commitment and Poe, a philosopher, addict and failure with a sense of Chaney's strength. A remarkable first effort by Hill.