In the 1916 Mexican Revolution, American mercenary Wilson  checks into a hotel in Northern Mexico during a battle. Equipped with a suitcase full of Mk 2 grenades; he throws a few "samples" at the Federal troops in the square, turning the tide of the battle. Revolutionary Col. Escobar  and his men praise Wilson's efforts, calling him "El Alacran"  for the sting of his grenades. Col. Escobar is still a bit wary about why an American would want to help them. Wilson informs Escobar of a plot by an American gun runner, Kennedy  to sell a large shipment arms and explosives to Federal forces—but he's not sure where they are. Encouraged by Wilson to capture Kennedy, they attack his train and stop it. Kennedy lies; saying the arms are at his fishing lodge. Wilson make time with Kennedy's flirtatious wife, Lisa . After the capture of Kennedy, Wilson takes his leave of Escobar. He goes to the fishing lodge to find nothing but Lisa, whom he saves from Escobar's firing squad and encourages to flee north to the U.S. Angered by what he perceived as treachery, Gen. Escobar imprisons Wilson in with Kennedy, who is now held in an old mission awaiting the firing squad. Wilson, inexplicably, still has two hand grenades, which he uses to blow their way out of the mission. With Escobar chasing them through the jungle and over a waterfall, they both escape, but Kennedy is shot and later dies. Taking the secret of the arm's location the dying Kennedy has given him, Wilson, and Escobar, ride to the coast and Kennedy's fishing villa. The arms were to be delivered by barge in a day or two. They then encounter federal troops who are going to ambush Escobar's rebel force which is approaching by the beach. Wilson then offers Escobar a "compromise"; no more "deals" by getting a M1917 Browning machine gun out of the arms barge and offering to blow up the explosives barge to save his troops. Raking the troops to force them back, the explosives barge is now cut free of its moorings to drift towards the troops on shore. A few rounds into this barge by Wilson and the Federals are blown up. After his men then load up with the arms, Escobar releases Wilson, saying; "Adios, El Alacran!" Wilson heads North to rejoin Lisa.