Mirabelle Buttersfield , a transplanted Vermonter, is an aspiring artist and saleswoman at the evening gloves counter at Saks Fifth Avenue in Beverly Hills. Her quiet, orderly existence - filled with both the mundane  and the serious  - is disrupted by the sudden appearance of two disparate men. Jeremy  is an immature, awkward, socially inept, penniless twenty-something graphic designer for an amplifier manufacturer and aspiring typographer who enters Mirabelle's life first . Mirabelle, aching for any kind of meaningful contact with someone else, gives him a chance, but it quickly fizzles after a half-hearted date  followed by a woefully underwhelming sexual encounter. Ray Porter  is a considerably older, suave, well-dressed, wealthy, divorced logician. Ray charms Mirabelle over the course of a few dates, one of which ends at his house. Mirabelle offers herself to him, and after they have sex, the next morning Ray tells her that he does not intend for their relationship to be serious due to his constant traveling between L.A. and Seattle. Both have different understandings of this talk: Ray tells his psychiatrist that Mirabelle knows that he is going to see other people, and Mirabelle tells her acquaintances that Ray wanted to see her more. Mirabelle and Ray embark on a lengthy affair, during which time Jeremy is working as a roadie for the band Hot Tears. He attempts to have one last liaison with Mirabelle before leaving, but she spurns him due to her relationship with Ray. While on tour, the band's lead singer introduces Jeremy to the world of self-improvement and how to better relate to the opposite sex. Mirabelle becomes increasingly devoted to Ray, who showers her with expensive gifts  instead of emotional affection. When Mirabelle's depression hits her hard , he takes her to the doctor and cares for her, further deepening her reliance on him. Ray is spurred to invite Mirabelle on a trip to New York for which Ray has her fitted in the dress shop at Armani. During a business trip, Ray has dinner with an old friend. During dinner she propositions him and he accepts. Ray immediately confesses on return to L.A. and a devastated Mirabelle cuts things off with him, cancels her trip to New York and decides to visit Vermont. While she is basking in the warmth and familiarity of home, Ray calls. He apologizes for hurting her and asks her to come to New York. She accepts and attends his function. She is the youngest person at the party and is for the most part, alone and out of place. When they return to the hotel room, Ray wants to be intimate, but Mirabelle is not ready. A while later, Mirabelle meets Jeremy by accident on the way to an art gallery showing and her coworker Lisa  mistakes him for Ray when they walk in together. Jeremy is a new man and all he has learned during his time away is evident to anyone but Mirabelle. After the showing, Mirabelle goes home with Ray and Lisa goes home with Jeremy thinking he's Ray. The next morning Ray devastates Mirabelle by announcing that he plans on looking for a bigger house in case he "meets someone and decides to have kids". Jeremy calls Lisa thinking they have made a connection, but quickly finds out she has no interest in anything but Ray Porter . Mirabelle decides to stop postponing the inevitable and breaks things off with Ray for good. After taking time to grieve the loss of the relationship, she quits her job at Saks for one as a receptionist in an art gallery. Jeremy then begins to pursue her again, this time the correct way. Over time they fall in love with one another and eventually make love. Mirabelle receives an invitation to show her work and at the opening, Ray shows up with his new girlfriend. Their interaction is noticeably strained as they search for shallow things to chat about. At the end of their conversation, Ray apologizes for how deeply he hurt her and admits  that he did love her. A shocked and touched Mirabelle smiles through her oncoming tears and turns to walk away. As Ray watches Mirabelle run into Jeremy's loving arms, he remarks on how he feels a loss although he purposefully kept Mirabelle at arm's length so that when they broke up it would not hurt him, which it inevitably does.