Two months after a mutated strain of mad cow disease has turned most humans into cannibal zombies, unaffected college student "Columbus"  is making his way to Columbus, Ohio to see whether his parents are still alive. He encounters "Tallahassee" , another survivor who seeks Twinkies. They travel together. They later meet "Wichita"  and her younger, 12-year-old sister "Little Rock" . The sisters were con artists before the catastrophe, and have little trouble tricking the two guys into handing over their weapons and stealing their vehicle. Later, the two men find a Hummer loaded with weapons, but when they meet the girls again, the girls once more gain the upper hand, taking their weapons and car. Tallahassee manages to wrestle away Little Rock's gun, resulting in a Mexican standoff. Columbus negotiates a truce. The girls are going to the "Pacific Playland" amusement park, which is supposedly free of zombies. Columbus does not want to go along at first, but when Wichita informs him that his hometown has been destroyed, he stays with the group. When they reach Hollywood, Tallahassee takes them to Bill Murray's mansion. Tallahassee and Wichita meet Murray himself, uninfected but disguised as a zombie so he can walk  safely among the infected. When Murray attempts to scare Columbus and Little Rock as a practical joke, Columbus shoots and kills him, believing him a real zombie. Later, Columbus realizes Tallahassee has been grieving for his young son, lost to the zombies, rather than his dog as he had earlier led Columbus to believe. Wichita nearly kisses Columbus, but fearing attachment, she leaves with Little Rock for Pacific Playland without warning. Columbus persuades a reluctant Tallahassee to follow in one of Murray's vehicles. At Pacific Playland, Wichita and Little Rock activate all the rides and lights, attracting nearby zombies. A battle ensues, leaving the sisters trapped on a drop tower ride. Tallahassee and Columbus arrive just as the sisters' ammunition runs out. Tallahassee lures the zombies away, then locks himself in a game booth, shooting zombies at his leisure, while Columbus goes after the sisters. In thanks, Wichita reveals her real name, Krista. Tallahassee eliminates the remaining zombies, then joyfully eats a Twinkie that Little Rock has found. The group leaves Pacific Playland together after Little Rock and Wichita pretend to leave them behind, Columbus having realized he's finally found what he's been looking for: a family.