 In the 1960s,<ref namehttp://suckerpunchmovie.warnerbros.com/sp_production-notes.pdf|titleWarner Brothers}} a 20-year-old woman nicknamed "Babydoll"  is institutionalized by her widowed stepfather  at the Lennox House for the Mentally Insane after she is blamed for the death of her younger sister. The stepfather bribes Blue Jones , one of the asylum's orderlies, into forging the signature of the asylum's psychiatrist, Dr. Vera Gorski , to have Babydoll lobotomized so she cannot inform the authorities of the true circumstances leading to her sister's death. During her admission to the institution, Babydoll takes note of four items that she would need to attempt an escape. During her time in the asylum, Babydoll retreats into a fantasy world in which she is newly arrived in a brothel owned by Blue, whom she envisions as a mobster. She befriends four other dancers&nbsp;&ndash; Amber , Blondie , Rocket , and Rocket's sister, Sweet Pea . Dr. Gorski is envisioned as the girls' dance instructor. Blue informs Babydoll that her virginity will be sold to a client known as "The High Roller" . The "High Roller" is actually the doctor scheduled to perform the lobotomy. Gorski encourages Babydoll to perform an erotic dance, during which Babydoll further fantasizes she is in feudal Japan, meeting the Wise Man . After she expresses her desire to "escape", the Wise Man presents Babydoll with weapons and tells her that she would need to collect five items: a map, fire, a knife, a key, and a fifth, unrevealed item that would require "a deep sacrifice". She then fights three samurai giants. As her fantasy ends, she finds herself back in the brothel, her dance impressing Blue and other onlookers. Babydoll convinces her friends to prepare an escape. She plans to use her dances as a distraction while the other girls obtain the necessary tools. During her dances, she imagines adventures that mirror the escape efforts. These adventures include infiltrating a bunker protected by steampunk World War I German soldiers to gain a map ; storming an Orc-infested castle to cut two fire-producing crystals from the throat of a baby dragon ; and boarding a train and combating mechanized guards to disarm a bomb . During the last fantasy, Rocket sacrifices herself to save Sweet Pea and is killed when the bomb detonates, which is paralleled by the cook fatally stabbing Rocket while she's trying to protect her sister. Blue overhears Blondie relaying Babydoll's plan to Madam Gorski. He has Sweet Pea locked in a utility closet and confronts the other girls backstage. He shoots Amber and Blondie and attempts to rape Babydoll, but she stabs him with the kitchen knife and steals his master key. Babydoll frees Sweet Pea and the two start a fire so the institution's doors unlock. They escape into the courtyard, where they find a throng of men. Babydoll deduces that the fifth item needed for the escape is in fact herself. Despite Sweet Pea's protest, she insists on sacrificing herself by distracting the visitors, thus allowing her friend to slip away. Back in the asylum, the surgeon has just performed Babydoll's lobotomy. The surgeon is confused by Babydoll's expression and asks Dr. Gorski why she authorized the procedure. Gorski realizes that Blue has forged her signature and summons the police, who apprehend Blue as he attempts to sexually assault a lobotomized Babydoll. While being led away, Blue shouts that it is the stepfather that wanted it done. It is revealed that the events in Babydoll's dream parallel events in the hospital. At a bus station, Sweet Pea is stopped by police as she tries to get on a bus to Fort Wayne, but she is rescued by the bus driver , who misleads the police and allows her to board the bus. During the end credits, Dr. Gorski and Blue perform "Love is the Drug" in a musical/fantasy sequence that includes all five female leads.