In Ancient Greece in the land far away, when people read Greek mythology came the time of legend – the greatest son of Zeus – Hercules. Hercules was once destined to be the King of Mycenae as his father Zeus had planned but his jealous stepmother Hera had other plans. Hera not willing a bastard son of Zeus should overshadow her, decided to let another boy, Eurystheus, his cousin born first which deprived Hercules of the right. Hera tried to kill Hercules with two serpents but he strangles them both. As the years go by, Hercules displayed strength like no other boy his age which unknown to many, his father is really Zeus. Eurystheus was then declared king after winning a race. Unable to accept his defeat, Hercules challenged Eurystheus to another round which accidentally takes away the life of his mother Alcmene. Feeling guilty even with all the consolation Megara gives him, he goes to the oracle and consults Apollo who tells him he must perform the "Twelve Labors" for Eurystheus. He refuses at first until the guilt goes so deep that he gives in to the challenge. Hercules is given a series of challenges each one was designed tougher by the other by his stepmother Hera. He was first sent to kill the Nemean lion which he succeeded into turning his coat. He also drove away the Stymphalian birds with the help of Athena's cymbals. Each one was made difficult by the other as his stepmother hopes to see the last of him. A series of labors are shown like the slaying of the Lernaean Hydra, catching the stag of Artemis, the Cathmanian boar, the Cretan bull, cleaning the Augeean stables, getting the girdle of Hippolyte, the man-eating mares of Diomedes and the Cattle of Geryon . When asked to get the Golden Apples of the Hesperides, he does not get permission so he goes to Atlas who gets the apples for him. He carries the world for awhile and tricks Atlas into holding the sky again as soon as the apples are retrieved. The last was the most dreadful as he is forced to go down to the Underworld to take Cerberus. He gets Cerberus and takes him back to Eurytheus. The two then reconcile after the labors have ended and he has pacified the wrath of his stepmother Hera who worked to make his life miserable. In the end, he marries Megara.