The film opens with a documentary-like scene in which white and black students argue about an impending student strike. Mark  says he is "willing to die, but not of boredom" for the cause, which draws criticism from the young white radicals. Following a mass arrest at the campus protest, Mark visits a police station hoping to bail his roommate out of jail. He is told to wait but goes to the lock-up area, asks further about bail for his roommate, is rebuffed, calls out to the arrested students and faculty and is arrested himself. He gives his name as Karl Marx, which a duty officer types as "Carl Marx." After he is released from jail, Mark and another friend buy firearms from a Los Angeles gun shop, saying they need them for "self defense" to "protect our women." In a downtown Los Angeles office building, successful real estate executive Lee Allen  reviews a television commercial for Sunny Dunes, a new resort-like real estate development in the desert. Instead of actors or models, the slickly produced commercial features casually dressed, smiling mannequins. In the next scene Allen talks with his associate  about the greater Los Angeles area's very rapid growth as the two drive through crowded streets. Mark goes to a bloody campus confrontation between students and police. Some students are tear-gassed and at least one is shot. Mark reaches for a gun in his boot and a Los Angeles policeman is seen being fatally shot, although it is unclear by whom.<ref name9E04E2DB1F3FE034BC4852DFB466838B669EDE Screen: Antonioni's 'Zabriskie Point'], The New York Times, 10 February 1970, retrieved 2 February 2010 Mark flees the campus and rides a city bus to suburban Hawthorne where, after failing to buy a sandwich on credit from a local blue collar delicatessen, he walks to Hawthorne Municipal Airport, steals a small plane and flies into the desert. Meanwhile Daria , "a sweet, pot-smoking post-teenybopper of decent inclinations,"moviecrazed.com, Out of the past, retrieved 2 February 2010 Later a California highway patrolman suspiciously questions Daria. Hidden behind a portable toilet meant for tourists, Mark takes aim and almost shoots the policeman but Daria stands between the two of them to block this, apparently saving the policeman's life before he drives away. Mark tells Daria the gun is unloaded, then shallowly buries it. Getting back to the stolen plane, they paint it with politically charged slogans and psychedelic colors. Daria pleads with Mark to travel with her and leave the plane, but Mark is intent on returning and taking the risks that it involves. He flies back to Los Angeles and lands the plane at the airport in Hawthorne; however, the police  are waiting for him. Patrol cars chase the plane down the runway. Rather than stopping, Mark tries to turn the taxiing plane around across the grass and is shot to death by one of the policemen. Daria soon learns about Mark's death on the car radio and drives to her boss Lee's lavish desert home, "a desert Berchtesgaden"