In West Chester, Pennsylvania, Bam Margera, his wife Missy Margera, and friends get ready to celebrate Christmas. After destroying friend Brandon Novak's new car, Bam realizes that he has to get Missy a special present: Santa Claus. When discussing how to find Santa, Bam states that he lives in Lapland, Finland and that the common misconception is that he lives in the North Pole. Disagreeing, he makes a bet with Mark The Bagger that he will find Santa and bring him back to West Chester as a present for Missy. Novak also makes a side-bet with Bagger that he can sleep with more women in Finland than Bagger can in Pennsylvania, even with the help of friend Jimmy Pop. After traveling to JFK airport for a new passport, Bam and friends arrive in Helsinki, Finland to find directions to Santa's house. Their first stop was at the rehearsal area for HIM, Bam's favorite band and personal friends, who draw a map on Mark Hanna's chest with marker, then play "Dead Lovers' Lane" to close for Bam. Before leaving, Bam decides to get the map drawn by Ville Valo tattooed on the man's chest so it doesn't get lost. With complete directions, they all leave on a train north to Tampere where they run into The Dudesons Jarppi and Jukka. During a night in the Finland wilderness, Bam cuts off Joe Frantz's long hair while Frantz sleeps by the campfire. Frantz wakes up, trips, and falls into the fire pit. The next morning, before heading towards Santa, Novak persuades the group to go to a Hanoi Rocks concert where friend Andy McCoy tells them they must hike about nine hours to reach Santa once they've reached Rovaniemi. Meanwhile, back in Pennsylvania, Bagger and Jimmy Pop attempt to pick up women, unsuccessfully, and also assist Missy and April preparing for a Christmas party. Upon leaving southern Finland, Bam and the rest of the group hike through the snow for several days until they finally reach Santa's workshop above the Arctic Circle in Finland. Searching the workshop, they find that Santa has gone on vacation to the Bahamas and so Bam has lost his bet. Before traveling back, Bam and the group meet back up with Andy McCoy, Jonne Aaron Liimatainen of Negative and Jussi 69 of The 69 Eyes at Corona bar in Helsinki, where they find a stranger who looks similar to Santa to agree to come back with Bam to America and pose as the real Santa. Upon arriving back in Pennsylvania, Bam presents "Santa" to Missy and she gives him a tour bus and invites pro skateboarders such as Kerry Getz and others to attend the Christmas party. Missy also arranges for a local band called The Moxy to play in the skate barn. The party ensues and Bagger admits he lost both of his bets. After the party, the Finnish Santa disappears and Bam attempts to give Novak a poorly refurbished car to amend destroying it before, although he does not accept it. Before the credits roll, Chad I. Ginsburg informs Seth Meisterman that it was merely a stranger they found in a bar rather than the real Santa.<ref namehttp://www.bammargeradvd.com/ | titlebammargeradvd.com | year | last 2009-08-07}}