Spencer Armacost  is a NASA astronaut. While on a space-walking mission with fellow astronaut Alex Streck, an explosion results in a communication loss for two minutes between the astronauts and Earth. After returning to their respective spouses, the two astronauts never speak about their ordeal and Streck grows increasingly hostile towards Armacost, constantly saying that he is not his friend. Not long after their return, Streck bleeds to death during a party. His death is ruled as a rare hemorrhagic stroke by NASA. While still in mourning for her lost husband, Streck's wife commits suicide by sitting in a running shower with an AC powered radio. Spencer retires from NASA and takes an executive position in New York City. His wife Jillian  becomes pregnant with twins. She begins to notice changes in Spencer's personality and becomes suspicious. She questions him about what happened during the time they lost contact, but he did not answer her. Sherman Reese , a former NASA employee who had been fired after the astronauts' return, contacts Jillian. He tells her that Spencer is not her husband. Originally, Jillian doesn't believe Reese, but she starts to recognize similarities between his accounts and her husband's behaviour. Reese makes arrangements to meet Jillian again so that he can show her more proof, but before that happens, it is implied that Spencer kills Reese. Spencer takes possession of a satchel belonging to Reese which contains the information that can explain what's going on. Jillian does, however, receive the information that Reese intended to pass her in the form of a video tape. Despite the film's earlier ambiguities, Spencer turns out to have been possessed by an extraterrestrial. Fellow astronaut Streck was as well, but the possession was incomplete and his body rejected the entity, which led to his death. In order to keep the secret, Spencer kills Jillian's sister Nan, who confronts him when she sees Spencer in possession of Reese's satchel. Jillian attempts to electrocute both her husband and herself. During the confrontation it is confirmed that Spencer is possessed. Spencer is electrocuted and his true alien form, a tentacled energy being, is revealed briefly before "transmitting" itself into Jillian through her eyes and stopping her from being electrocuted. Years later, Jillian has re-married and sends her twin sons off on their first day of school. It is implied that she is now possessed and that the children, who are also alien, were conceived after Spencer had become possessed. Her new husband is a fighter pilot, a career which Jillian intends for her sons as well.