The film follows Cody  and his motorcycle gang, the Skulls. A gang member by the story of how Butch Cassidy and his gang lived in a town called Hole-in-the-Wall, where there were no police. Inspired, Cody tells the gang that they are all going to Hole-in-the-Wall to live forever. After breaking their buddy Funky out of jail, terrorizing a store owner at a gas stop, and destroying the RV of a couple who inadvertently knock over a motorcycle, they arrive in the town of Brookville, as it is celebrating its annual picnic. The mayor, sheriff, and other townsfolk immediately want them to leave. The sheriff is more conciliatory, and comes to an agreement with Cody that the Skulls can camp on the beach if they agree to stay there and get out of town in the morning. A local girl, fascinated by the gang, joins them on the beach. Meanwhile, the mayor and other townsfolk have decided that the sheriff is not doing a good enough job protecting the town, and that he should have run the gang out of town. The gang gets the local girl high and then begins to grope her. Frightened, she runs back to town. The mayor seizes on this as a pretext and falsely claims to the sheriff that she has been raped. The sheriff arrests Cody and has the rest of the gang run out of town. The gang decides to enlist the help of a larger motorcycle gang. Meanwhile, the sheriff realizes that he has been lied to and releases Cody. Reunited with his gang, Cody tries to convince them to continue on to Hole-in-the-Wall, but they are committed to returning to Brookville for revenge. The gang gathers up the girl and her family, the mayor and another prominent citizen who wanted to run the gang out of town, and the sheriff, and gathers them together for a mock trial. The mayor and his companion are sentenced to being beaten up. The gang claims that they are owed a rape, and ignore Cody trying to stop them. Meanwhile, the other motorcycle gang has begun to terrorize the town. Cody asks his gang member where Hole-in-the-Wall is, and is told that it is made up. He tries to get his girlfriend to leave with him, but she does not want to go. Cody drops his president's cut off jacket/colors in the dirt and rides away on his motorcycle. As he rides away, police are visible converging on Brookville.