Foghorn Leghorn is filing his nails when Widow Hen comes by and asks curmudgeon old rooster Mr. Cackle to watch her young son, Junior, while she goes out. Mr. Cackle refuses, claiming Junior is destructive, disrespectful and incorrigible; in fact, Mr. Cackle says Junior "makes Dennis the Menace look like an angel." Mr. Cackle also points out that Junior is "Bad, Bad, BAD!". Foghorn overhears the proceedings and - hoping to silence Mr. Cackle from accusing Junior of things, and prove a point that " there ain't no such thing as a bad boy" - volunteers to watch Junior, who snickers : "Oooh, he don't know me vewy well, do he?". Just as Widow Hen goes, Foghorn promises that he and Junior will be friends, but Junior deliberately pokes Foghorn's foot with a needle. Foghorn attempts to strangle Junior, but Mr. Cackle laughs at Foghorn's expense. Foghorn defends Junior by saying he was merely being "playful." Foghorn first takes Junior to a box full of toys to play with while he takes a nap, but Junior scoffs and, after declaring them "widdle kids' stuff," decides to cause trouble. First, upon finding a cement mixer in the barn, Junior decides to call a false alarm, which leads to Foghorn landing in the cement mixer; he comes out posed as Rodin's "The Thinker" statue . Foghorn recovers and threatens to report Junior's misbehavior to Widow Hen, but Junior counters by warning that he'll tell his mother that Foghorn is still "booking the horses". Foghorn tries to laugh this off, and does - but Junior says "And they're off!", causing Foghorn to briefly mimick watching a horse race, only to realize in shock that he's been tricked again. Junior leaves the farm while Foghorn is taking a nap in his hammock, and goes into a weather station to find a weather balloon. Junior ties the harness around Foghorn and puts the rooster into orbit. Eventually, Foghorn awakens and panics when he realizes he is flying high above the farm. When he demands that Junior help get him down, Junior sends a dart to puncture the balloon. Foghorn falls to the earth, landing on a bed spring, and Junior gives him a landing pad ... a landmine. Once Foghorn regains his senses , his mind is made up about Junior: "I still say he's not a bad boy. He's a WORST boy. WORST, THAT IS!"