The plot revolves around a young boy named Travis  who learns from his master that he is the key to saving the world from an evil plot. Tee joins the secret organization of the Delta Knights and embarks on a quest to attempt to recover the lost treasures inside the fabled Lost Storehouse of Archimedes. The plot is markedly similar to that of Robert Heinlein's Citizen of the Galaxy, including its essentially identical setup of a young slave boy—who is really the lost heir of a powerful family—being bought for a pittance by a seeming beggar, who is himself really a spy, and who suspects the boy's true identity. The cinematic accomplishments of the movie are decidedly meager, such as the completely unexplained casting of David Warner as both the hero's mentor and the chief villain, in addition to providing the narration. The dialogue is decidedly campy  and the movie has a definite low-budget atmosphere. Also noteworthy is the extreme confusion the film displays with regard to setting, both in terms of time period and location. The story would seem to take place in medieval England; however, a number of plot elements contradict this. Vultare's henchmen wear headgear strongly resembling  Viking helmets. Leonardo da Vinci, a figure from Renaissance Italy, appears as a major character in the plot. Finally, Leonardo and Tee are searching for the lost storehouse of Archimedes, a figure from ancient Syracuse, Sicily whose storehouse one might reasonably think unlikely to be found in England. A document held by Archimedes seen in a flashback is also clearly held together by staples. A large portion of this movie was filmed at the Renaissance Pleasure Faire in Black Point, Novato, California. Performers from the Faire were employed as extras in various scenes throughout. Exterior scenes of Archimedes' storehouse were filmed at the Palace of Fine Arts, San Francisco, California. Exterior scenes of the prison were filmed at Petaluma Adobe State Park, Petaluma, California. Some interior scenes of the Mannerjay's palace were filmed at the Scottish Rite Temple, Oakland, California. The opening theme is a re-use of the theme from the 1980 science fiction film Battle Beyond the Stars.