Television writer and director Elliott Nash  is being blackmailed by Dan Shelby over nude photographs of his wife Nell , taken when she was eighteen years old. Elliott does not inform Nell, the star of a Broadway musical, what is going on, but works feverishly to make enough money to pay off the ever-increasing demands. Finally, Elliott decides that murder is the only way out. He makes preparations, incorporating some advice from a friend, District Attorney Harlow Edison . When the blackmailer shows up at the Nashs' suburban home as arranged to collect his latest payment, Elliott shoots him, then hides the body in the cement foundation being poured for the antique gazebo his wife has bought. He has to keep Sam Thorpe , the contractor hired to install the structure, and Miss Chandler , the real estate agent trying to sell the Nashes' house, from stumbling across his scheme. Then, Harlow brings news that Shelby has been shot and killed ... in his hotel room, leaving Elliott wondering who he murdered. Nell's name is on a list of blackmail victims belonging to Shelby, so both she and Elliott are suspects.  They are cleared when the murder weapon is found to belong to Joe the Black, an associate of Shelby's. It is clear to Lieutenant Jenkins  that Joe decided not to split the money. Elliott is relieved to discover his victim was a criminal. However, there were two others in the gang. The Duke  and Louis the Louse  kidnap Nell and take her to her home. They followed Joe the Black to the Nash house, and know he did not come out. They want the briefcase  he was planning to disappear with. They eventually figure out that the body is in the gazebo's foundation, now crumbling due to unexpected rain. They find the briefcase and leave. When Elliott gets home, he unties his wife and confesses what he has done. While they are trying to figure out what to do next, Lieutenant Jenkins shows up with his prisoners, the Duke and Louis. From what they have told him, Jenkins is sure that Elliott is a murderer. Just as Elliott is about to confess, he sees that the bullet he fired missed Joe and ended up lodged in a book. A doctor confirms that Joe actually died of a preexisting heart problem, and Elliott's pet pigeon Herman flies off with the bullet, so there is no evidence to tie him to the death.