The film centres on Benjamin Stanfield and his unpopular, bespectacled friend, Arthur Dyson, who wears a leg brace; their form master, Father Goddard, and a travelling motorcyclist named Blakey.<ref namehttp://www.anthonyshaffer.co.uk/screenplays/absolution.html|title|date |publisher30 August 2012}} The opening scenes feature Connolly’s character, Blakey, arriving at the school on his motorbike. He asks Father Goddard  whether there are any odd jobs he can do but Goddard tells him that there are none available and that he should try in the town. Later, Father Goddard is watching the handicapped boy, Arthur Dyson, rehearse in the school’s version of the Gilbert and Sullivan operetta Patience. From his expression, it appears that he does not like the boy. Benjamin Stanfield, known as Benji to his friends, is later seen in Father Goddard’s room. He is looking somewhat embarrassed as the priest reads poetry and enthuses about youth and beauty. They are interrupted by Arthur and some other boys seeking permission to watch the World Cup on television. Goddard refuses and the boys, including Benji, head off to the dormitories. While the school production of Patience is taking place, Blakey, who has set up camp in the woods surrounding the school, breaks into the kitchens to steal food. His camp is discovered the following day by Benji and some other boys who are out on a cross country run. Dyson is not among the boys as presumably his leg brace prevents him taking part. There is a minor altercation between Blakey and one of the boys, Crawley, but after the others leave, Benji stays behind and strikes up a friendship with Blakey and his girlfriend, Louella. Benji, who has befriended Blakey and his girlfriend, begins to spend less time with Dyson. He returns to the school late one night having spent the whole day with the couple, but disturbs Dyson, who is keen to know what Benji has been doing. Their conversation is overheard by Goddard, who reprimands Dyson for being out of bed but ignores Benji, who is pretending to be asleep. The priest feels Benji’s shoes, finding them to be wet and muddy. The police have indeed been notified and turn up to destroy Blakey’s camp, kicking out his fire and searching through his possessions. They knock him about and tell him he has to move on. When Benji arrives later, Blakey is still upset and tells him to "Fuck off!" Benji picks up a rock, but what happens next is not revealed. Father Goddard catches Benji as he runs back to his dormitory and punishes the boy by making him scrub the floors, for which he is ridiculed by the other boys. Benji finds Arthur and tells him he can take credit for the joke if he likes and later while the two boys are in the chapel, Arthur enters the confessional to tell Father Goddard that he was a willing accomplice. The priest tells him to pray for forgiveness and Dyson leaves. An unseen person then enters, but it is Benji’s voice that can be heard confessing that this time he really has murdered Blakey. The priest refuses to give absolution, fearing he may be the butt of another joke, but takes a spade to the woods anyway and after some digging, discovers Blakey’s dead body. He then returns to the chapel, where again he hears Benji’s voice in the confessional expressing a desire to kill again and that Dyson would be the next victim. Realising that he cannot tell anyone without breaking the seal of confession, the priest tries to keep an eye on Dyson and Stanfield. When he sees the boys heading for the woods, he becomes concerned for Arthur’s safety and sets off in pursuit but loses them both. Father Goddard again sets off with his spade to the wood, where he finds what appears to be Arthur’s braced leg half exposed in the ground. He hears laughter and demands that the boy come out. When Benji appears, the priest strikes him in the face with a spade. The boy falls to the ground and the priest continues to attack him with the spade until he is dead.