Continuing from where the first film ended, Wing Chun master Ip Man and his family move to Hong Kong in the early 1950s after their escape from Foshan. There, Ip desires to open a school to propagate his art, as well as to make his living, but he has difficulty attracting students due to his lack of reputation in the city. One day, a young man named Wong Leung appears and promptly challenges Ip to a fight, but is easily defeated. Wong leaves humiliated, only to return with some friends to gang up on him. Ip beats them as well. Stunned and impressed by his skills, Wong and his friends become Ip's first students, bringing more disciples to help the school thrive. Wong is later caught posting promotional posters for the school by some Hung Gar students. One of them challenges Wong to a fight and loses, but his friends take Wong hostage in revenge and demand a ransom from Ip. Ip goes to the local wet market as directed, but the meeting ends in a confrontation with a growing mob of Hung Ga students. Ip and Wong fight their way outside to meet Jin Shanzhao — the martial artist and former bandit in the first film — who comes to their rescue with his own gang. The students' master, Hung Chun-nam, arrives to break up the fight. Ip introduces himself, and Hung informs him that before setting up a school, he needs to attend a special fighting ceremony to test his skill. Ip, Wong and Jin are subsequently arrested by Officer Fatso for disturbing the peace but are later released on bail. Hung and Fatso are then shown to be acting as reluctant collectors for the martial arts schools  as part of a protection racket headed by Superintendent Wallace, a corrupt officer in the Hong Kong police. Ip attends the ceremony and defeats his first challengers, and then strikes a draw with the last challenger, Hung. Ip is allowed to keep running his school on the condition that he pay the monthly protection fees, but he declines. Hung thus has his students loiter in front of the Wing Chun school and harass anyone interested, causing a street brawl between them and Ip's disciples. Ip is thus forced to close up and move the school nearer to home. Ip soon confronts Hung, who blames him since he wouldn't pay the protection fees, with Ip telling Hung that he chose to work with the Westerners. Hung insists that they finish their fight, but during this last encounter, Ip stops Hung from accidentally kicking his son as he suddenly appears, earning his respect from Hung. Ip leaves, and the next day, Hung invites him to a British boxing match he had helped to set up, quietly coming to terms with him. The boxing competition begins with the various martial arts schools demonstrating their skills. However, the event's star boxer, Taylor "The Twister" Milos, a Chinese-hating sociopath, openly insults and attacks the students, causing chaos as the masters try to restore order. Hung accepts Twister's challenge to a fight so that he can defend his culture. Although Hung has the upper hand at first, in the second round he suffers a sudden, misfortunate and devastating blow that severely disorientates him. As he fights on, he begins to weaken from his asthma and is eventually beaten viciously to death by the British boxer, as he refuses to go down and allow the man to insult his culture. News of Hung's death rapidly spreads throughout the enraged Chinese populace, causing a scandal that spurs Wallace to hold a press conference, where he states that Hung's death was an accident, that Twister held back during Hung's challenge and that he was too weak to survive more than a few punches. Twister announces that he will accept any challenge from the Chinese in order to get rid of his bad reputation, yet remorselessly gloating that he is going to murder every Chinese Warrior in Hong Kong to prove the supposed superority of western boxing. Ip Man has already arrived to challenge Twister to a fight. As his wife goes into labor, Ip finishes training and begins his fight with Twister. Ip exchanges blows with the boxer and seems overwhelmed by the westerner's sheer muscle at first, but begins to make a comeback using his more diverse techniques. He receives a sucker punch from Twister after the second round's bell, and is also told he will be disqualified for using kicks due to the judges changing the rules during the match. When it seems like the end, Ip remembers Hung's patriotic spirit and determination to defend Kung Fu, and is spurred to go on. He changes his strategy and attacks the boxer's arms to disable him. This fight is brought to a climactic finish as Ip Man rains blow-after-blow into the knocked-down Twister's face , with flashbacks reflecting the latter's killing of Master Hung. Ip nearly kills Twister in his rage and fury, but manages to restrain himself before the final punch. While the Chinese audience cheers, Wallace is arrested by his superiors for corruption, as Fatso had secretly reported him. Ip then gives a speech to the audience, stating that despite the differences between their races and their fighting styles, he wishes for everyone to respect each other. Both the Western and Chinese audience then give him a standing ovation while Twister's manager walks away unhappy at the west's failure to defeat China. Ip goes home and reunites with his family, including his newborn second son, Ip Ching. A final scene shows Ip being introduced to a boy named Bruce Lee who wishes to study Wing Chun. Ip smiles and simply tells the boy to come back when he is older.