Derek Thompson  is a minor league hockey player nicknamed the "Tooth Fairy" for hitting opposing players so hard that he knocks out their teeth. One night, Derek steals a dollar from his girlfriend Carly's  six-year-old daughter Tess  that had been left for her lost tooth. Later that night, he receives a summons under his pillow. He magically grows wings and is transported to the realm of tooth fairies. There, he meets his case worker, Tracy , and the head fairy, Lily . Lily tells Derek that he is a "dream crusher", due to his unsympathetic dealings with children, and Tess in particular. He is then sentenced to serve two weeks as a tooth fairy. He returns to his bed and wakes up, believing that it was a dream. That night, Derek slowly realizes it wasn't a dream after he receives a text message from Tracy for his first appointment. He then meets Jerry , who gives him the tools he needs in order to carry out his duty, which include "Shrinking Paste" , "Invisible Spray" , "Amnesia Dust" , "Cat Away" , and "Dog Bark Peppermints" . The next day, Carly and Tess go to a party, leaving Derek to take care of Carly's teenage son, Randy , who wants to grow up to be a rockstar. Randy dislikes Derek for being similar to his mother's past boyfriends. Later, Derek defends Randy against a bully and Randy grows to like him. Derek had a busy schedule, at morning, he practices with Randy while in night, he is the mentor of Tracy, training him like a tooth fairy or sometimes practicing hockey. Derek visits several children and tries his best to become a good tooth fairy, but ends up ultimately causing more harm than good. Lily states that he is the worst tooth fairy ever and denies him more supplies for the remainder of his sentence. He buys black market supplies from another fairy named Ziggy , but they malfunction during his next assignment, causing him to be seen by the child's mother and arrested. While behind bars, Tracy tells Derek that because of this, his duty is extended to 3 weeks. Soon after, Carly comes to bail him out. After Derek attempts to score a goal during a hockey game and misses, Derek's coach threatens to bench him the next game. That night, frustrated over what happened at the game, Derek tells Randy that he will never become a rock star, angering Randy into smashing his guitar. With her son upset, Carly breaks up with Derek. Later, Tracy comes to Derek's house and announces that he is a tooth fairy in training. The next game, Derek gets back on the ice and sees Tracy. Tracy, in an attempt to teach Derek the importance of dreams, wants Derek to score a goal—and to go get Tess' tooth. Derek scores the goal, gets into his tooth fairy costume, and flies away while Tracy spreads Amnesia Dust on the audience to cover up the event. At Carly's, Tess sees Derek taking her tooth, but she promises to keep it a secret, and Derek uses his magic wand to grant Randy a new guitar, as an apology. Downstairs, Carly sees him as a tooth fairy, but assumes that he rented a costume for Tess' sake . He then flies Randy to the talent show, but throws Amnesia Dust on him. Derek heads back to the fairy realm to give Lily the tooth, and is told that he has been relieved of his fairy duties. Lily throws Amnesia Dust on him, then transports him back to the talent show. There, Randy outperforms everyone and ends up forming a band with other kids in the show. Derek proposes to Carly, and she accepts. During the credits, Derek is shown playing left wing for the Los Angeles Kings, and when he sees Jerry in the crowd, he doesn't recognize him. Jerry reports back to Lily—also attending the game—that their secret is safe. Jerry then uses shrinking paste and gets on the puck. He uses Cat Away on the goalie to enable Derek to score a goal.