{{plot}} A violently depressed Madhan  arrives at a hospital seeking psychiatric counselling, claiming to be emotionally affected by a love failure. This proves to be a ruse, however, and he craftily seduces the psychiatrist . Subsequently, he kills her. Madhan Kumar is shown to be an accounts manager who also studies music. A shy college student Mythili  has a nightmare of Madhan  raping her, and fears him when she meets him in real life. Intrigued by her behaviour, he approaches and befriends her. She soon realizes that he is by all accounts a good person, and starts to love him. However, every night Madhan stalks various women who are morally corrupt, seduces and kills them. Every time he embraces a woman with the intent of seducing her, his nose begins to bleed . Assistant Commissioner Deva  is assigned to bring the serial killer to justice. Mythili eventually discovers proof that Madhan is the killer and hands him over to the police. Held in police custody, Madhan reveals that the killer is actually his younger brother Madhan Raj . Madhanraj's motives are explained in a flashback: Madhan Raj, a simple village youth arrives in Coimbatore to attend college, sharing a room with an irreverent student Bobby ([[Santhanam . He is approached by his classmate Vaishnavi  and soon starts to love her unconditionally. His love is fueled by his innocence and ethical values. The relationship progresses as far as a marriage proposal; however, a squabble starts as Madhanraj suspects an affair between Vaishnavi and her classmate Seenu. He arrives at Vaishnavi's house to ask her forgiveness. By chance, Madhanraj looks into her bedroom window and finds her sleeping with Seenu. He also overhears her saying that she never loved him, and merely accepted his proposal to divert his suspicion of her affair. Heartbroken and revolted, Madhanraj confronts her, saying he knows the truth. When she denies it, he lashes out and accidentally kills her. Initially he grieves over his act, but realizes that she deserved it for cheating, and intentionally kills Seenu as well. He arrives at his brother Madhan Kumar's house and reveals his crime. He also reveals that he will further continue his killing spree and murder all unfaithful women. Madhan Kumar looks on helpless as Madhanraj dons the identity of "Manmadhan"  and flees into the night. Madhan Kumar ends his flashback, and is released. Mythili apologizes for believing him to be a killer, and admits that she loves him deeply. However, the actual events that spurred the birth of Manmadhan are revealed : After killing Vaishnavi and Seenu, Madhanraj was, in fact, remorseful and depressed over the events that led to this. He confesses to his brother and soon afterwards, locks himself in his room and prepares to commit suicide. Madhan Kumar watches horrified and helpless, as his younger brother hangs himself and loses his life. Madhan Kumar enters the room and embraces his brother's corpse, and suffers a nosebleed. He swears to avenge his brother's death by killing unfaithful women everywhere; thus it was Madhan Kumar himself who became Manmadhan. It is hinted that his exploits will continue. This can be seen in a short scene from Venkat Prabhu's 2010 comedy film Goa, where Simbu appears in the epilogue, talking to Suhasini ([[Sneha_, a corrupt businesswoman. His nose bleeds as he hugs her, revealing the fact that he is Manmadhan and he still continues to hunt down girls who are bad.