The film begins with on-screen captions explaining that a medical breakthrough in 1952 has permitted the human lifespan to be extended beyond 100 years. The first shot shows a young man lying on an operating table smiling at a woman observing from the other side of the glass window. The woman is 28-year-old Kathy H , she narrates the movie and reminisces about her childhood at a boarding school called Hailsham House, as well as her adult life after leaving the school. The first act of the film depicts the young Kathy , along with her friends Tommy  and Ruth , spending their childhood at Hailsham in the late 1970s. The school seems to be somewhat unusual. Students are encouraged to create artwork such as paintings and poetry instead of science and maths normal for school children, and their best work gets into "the Gallery." There is also a strong emphasis on "keeping yourselves healthy inside" especially when it comes to smoking. At one point, a new teacher, Miss Lucy  quietly informs the students of their nature: they exist only as organ donors for transplants, and will die - or, rather, "complete" - in their early adulthood. The following day Miss Lucy is "no longer working at Hailsham." As time passes, Kathy and Tommy fall in love, but Tommy falls into a manipulative relationship with Ruth. Ruth and Tommy stay together throughout the rest of their time at Hailsham. In the second act of the film, the three friends, now young adults, are rehoused in cottages on a farm. They are permitted to leave the grounds if they wish but are resigned to their eventual fate, seeing it as inevitable. At the farm, they meet former pupils of schools similar to theirs, two of whom one day sight a woman in a nearby town who they believe to be a "possible" for Ruth, her "original" - the person she was cloned from. Ruth is ecstatic at the prospect, but when she, Kathy, Tommy, and the two witnesses travel to the coast to re-examine the woman, it turns out there is very little resemblance. Ruth, bitter and disillusioned, rages that all donors are "modeled on trash", meaning that they are cloned from the people lowest in society, or, in her words, "in the gutter." From the others, Kathy and her friends hear rumors of the possibility of "deferral" – a temporary reprieve from organ donation for donors who are in love and can somehow prove it. Tommy becomes convinced that the Gallery at Hailsham was intended to look into their souls and that artwork sent to the Gallery will be able to verify true love. Hoping to hear a declaration of love from him, she is visibly distressed when he reveals that his failure to send artwork to the Gallery as a child means he cannot apply with Ruth for a deferral. The relationship between Tommy and Ruth becomes sexual, putting a strain on Kathy's friendships with the two. Kathy, feeling the need to distance herself, leaves the cottages to become a "carer" – a clone who is given a temporary reprieve from donation to do the job of supporting and comforting donors as they give up their organs. Tommy and Ruth's relationship ends shortly before her departure, though it is not depicted but revealed through Kathy's narration. In the third and final act of the film, ten years later, Kathy is working as a carer. She has watched many clones gradually "complete" as their organs are harvested. Kathy has not seen Ruth or Tommy since the cottages. While working as a carer, Kathy happens to meet Ruth again, who is frail and unwell after two donations. They find Tommy, who is also weakened, and the three of them drive to the sea as a short trip at Ruth's request. There, Ruth asks for their forgiveness for keeping them apart. She admits she has always known that Kathy and Tommy were meant to be together because their love for each other was real, whereas Ruth was with Tommy because she was jealous of his closeness to Kathy and afraid to be "left alone." She tells them it was the worst thing she ever did and now she wants to put it right, then claims she has found a means to do so: she has found the address of the gallery owner, "Madame" from Hailsham, whom she thinks may grant deferrals to couples in love. With some reluctance due to skepticism, Kathy accepts the opportunity. Shortly afterward, Ruth dies on the operating table when her liver is extracted. Kathy and Tommy finally begin a relationship, sharing a passionate kiss after a night of Kathy's reading to him, before getting into bed together. Tommy explains to Kathy that he has been creating art in the hope that it will convince Madame to give them a deferral. He and Kathy drive to visit Madame, who lives with the headmistress of Hailsham. The two teachers sympathetically tell them that there have never been any such deferrals. They also explain that the purpose of the Gallery was not to look into their souls, but to determine if they had souls at all. Hailsham had been, in fact, the last remaining place to consider the ethical implications of the donor program. It had closed down owing to lack of funding. As Kathy and Tommy leave, it is strongly implied that Madame is Kathy's original. Kathy and Tommy take in the news and as they drive away, Tommy requests Kathy to stop the car to let him out and subsequently breaks down in an explosion of rage and frustration. Kathy consoles him, just as she had done during their days at Hailsham when Tommy would fall into fits of rage when bullied, and the two weep in each other's arms. The ending sequence of the movie returns to the first shot of the movie where Tommy is being anesthetized on the operating table for what would be his last organ donation, while looking and smiling at Kathy who is standing on the other side of the glass window. The film ends with Kathy still living, but knowing that her organ donations will begin in one month. She has come to an acceptance of her fate. Contemplating the ruins of her childhood, her voice-over ponders whether her fate is any different from the people who will receive her organs; after all, "we all complete."