{{plot}} The film opens with head girl Justine Fielding  being escorted out of Fairview High School by the police, as other pupils look on. There is then a flashback to five days earlier, where Justine is reading at the funeral of unpopular, asthmatic student Darren Mullet . She starts to talk about him, when Mullet's equally unpopular friend, Jason Banks , stands up in church and angrily calls her a hypocrite because she did not really know him. He is then thrown out of church by the sadistic PE teacher. Later on, Justine is talking to her friend Helena  about staying in and watching a Keira Knightley DVD when school heart-throb Alex  decides to invite her to a party that his popular friends, Bradley , Tasha , Khalillah , Sophie , and Marcus , are having. She decides to go to the party, rather than staying in with Helena. At the party, when Justine arrives, Tasha tells Jez , the DJ, to say something about her appearance. He begins to rap about her in an unflattering manner. When Alex tells him to stop, he is literally thrown out of the party by Bradley. Later, Alex and Justine go to one of the bedrooms where Alex he tells her they are on a date, at which point they kiss. Meanwhile, Bradley, Tasha, Khalillah, Marcus and Sophie all receive insulting and degrading text messages from Mullet's number. During this, someone puts on a clown costume and grabs a chainsaw, before heading up to the room in which Alex and Justine are kissing. The figure is revealed to be Bradley, who is playing a prank on them. Jez goes to the cemetery to celebrate Mullet's death and urinates on his grave . He is then killed by an unseen figure, who stabs him with a cross. Later, the 'in-crowd' have a toast to Mullet's life, and Justine admits that she didn't even know who he was. The next day, the group arrives at school, and the headmaster mentions that Jez never came home the night before. Bradley threatens Nasser ([[James Floyd , the leader of the school's emo clique, about removing a website he had put up about Mullet. Justine is persuaded to hang around with the popular crowd, and tells Helena that she won't be able to make it to her DVD night. She finds a teddy bear  in her locker and assumes it is from Alex. He asks her on another date after this, which she agrees to. She goes to see Jason and he tells her that Mullet was in love with her, and hands her his suicide note. While she is reading the note, a teacher tells her that she will make a great pupil at Oxford University. In the school's recording studio, Nasser is then attacked, and sees Mullet's ghost. The ghost increases the volume of Nasser's music and forces him to listen, rendering him deaf. He is taken to the ambulance, yelling to everyone; "Mullet's back!", but no one believes him. Over the course of the day, the gang get more messages, and Bradley believes Jason is sending them. Jason, meanwhile is in art class, and the teacher tells everyone that the guillotine is faulty and they shouldn't touch it. A boy sent by Bradley fetches him out of class, and then Bradley and Marcus chase him into the gym, where they give him a wedgie and assault him, but are interrupted by another message, meaning Jason cannot have sent it. The sadistic PE teacher then arrives and unfairly gives Jason detention. Later, Justine confronts Jason about the note, but he denies forging it, and breaks down in tears about the horrific bullying that caused Darren Mullet to kill himself. He tells Justine about the vicious emails and texts sent to Mullet, and also tells her about the website that Bradley's gang created about him. When Justine asks who was responsible for Mullet's suicide, Jason fearfully glances over at the popular kids she has been hanging out with. She shows Alex the suicide note, but his friends tell her she cannot hand it into the police, because as it accuses Justine of hating him, she would implicate herself in his death. The girls decide that Helena has been sending the messages and attack her in the bathroom, with Tasha smashing her phone. After swim practice, Sophie tells Justine that she should sleep with Alex that night, but goes back into the swimming pool, where she is attacked by Mullet's ghost, who throws her into the pool and drags her underwater where she drowns. Later that night, Justine and Alex slept together, but are seen by Mullet who had lovingly brought some flowers for her, who tears the badge from her uniform, and re-arranges her fridge magnets, calling her a "dirty slut just like the others". Marcus is then in PE class, where he sees Mullet's ghost, and the teacher tells him to go and have a shower, just as the art teacher arrives and tells the head that they have found Sophie's body. In the shower, he is led to a mirror with "moron" on it which Marcus hates being called, then is brutally whipped with a towel by the ghost of Mullet while nude. He manages to fight him off with a cricket bat after painfully popping his bloodied eye back into his skull and heads outside, running into Helena, who accuses him of trying to rape her because he is semi naked. He manages to get outside, and is impaled upon a fence by the ghost. Later on, the gang are at Bradley's house, and they have an argument about who killed their friends, ending in Tasha and Justine getting into a fight, and Justine is thrown into the swimming pool. Bradley decides to go and dig Mullet's body up at the cemetery to prove that Mullet cannot be responsible for the murders. Justine goes home, and demands that Alex shows her the website, where she tearfully witnesses the diabolical stunts inflicted on Mullet by Bradley and his friends - including Alex . Justine is even more revolted when she realizes that she was rude to Mullet because he interrupted a conversation about her going to Oxford, and ignored his pleas for her to stop the in-crowd torturing him. She tells Alex that he is deceitful and a liar, and that their relationship is over. Tasha becomes drunk in Bradley's car as he took her to dig up Mullet. After attempting to dig up Mullet's corpse, Bradley breaks down, and begins to cry with grief over the death of his friends. Tasha consoles him, and the two have sex in the back seat of Bradley's car. Tasha sees Mullet's ghost and tries to get Bradley off her. Despite her desperate attempt to get Bradley's attention, Mullet drags Bradley out of the vehicle and rips off his penis  killing Bradley due to blood loss. Tasha gets free and runs into an open grave. She explains that she lied to Mullet, telling that she loved him ever since they met each other. Mullet stands behind her with a shovel and decapitates her. The next day, she arrives at the art class, where Jason has painted Munch's "The Scream" painting, and tells him that she was responsible for Mullet's death. He tells her that it has been his fault, because he was scared of being bullied, so he told Bradley that Mullet fancied her. She leaves the room, and Mullet appears, and kills him by jamming two pencils up his nose and slamming his head against the table. Justine approaches Helena and tells her that she is sorry, that her friends, including Alex were all horrible. Khalillah runs over and asks her where Tasha is, but Justine tells her she doesn't care. Khalillah then gets a text message from Tasha telling her to meet her in the art room. Before Justine can follow, she is confronted by Alex, who tells her he is going to kill Mullet for what he has done to everyone. Justine tells him that Khalilah is in danger. Khalillah gets to the empty art room, and sees "The Scream" with her name on it, at which point Mullet puts a plastic bag over her head, before using the guillotine to slice her hands off. She tries to call the head teacher, but he is too busy with the police, who tell him that Justine's badge has been found near the bodies of Bradley and Tasha. They get to the art room, and find Jason's and Khalillah's bodies, but are attacked by Mullet. They break free, by stabbing him in the stomach with a screwdriver and head to the common room, where Mullet follows them. Alex tries to stop him, but is stabbed in the hand with the screwdriver and his hand is tightly nailed in the floor. Justine gets him to stop, but he begins to choke her to death. She grabs his inhaler and throws it across the room, telling Alex to smash it. He does, and the ghost begins to die. Justine tells Alex to leave, but he starts being a bully again and punches Mullet, knocking a sofa over, and finding Mullet's other inhaler which Alex had hidden from Mullet when he was alive. Mullet then uses it and then stabs Alex in the throat with the screwdriver. Mullet flees just as the police arrive. Justine is then led out and into the police car seen earlier, having been arrested for the murders. She sees Mullet's ghost but then it disappears, what happened next to her is never revealed. During the credits, there is a sequence where the foul-mouthed PE teacher is telling students off, and Mullet is shown getting ready for revenge on him.