{{Plot}} A homage to the Atlantic City boardwalk parade and bathing beauty contest  of the 1920s and 30s. The various sweets and goodies of Cookietown are preparing to crown their new Cookie Queen. Contestants include Miss Peppermint, Miss Coconut, Miss Banana Cake, Miss Strawberry Blond, Miss Peaches and Cream, Miss Licorice, Miss Pineapple Upside-down Cake, Miss Orange Crush, and likely several others that aren't featured. Far from the parade route, on what would appear to be the wrong side of the peppermint stick railroad tracks, a gingerbread drifter overhears an impoverished sugar cookie girl crying. Upon hearing that she cannot enter the parade because she hasn't any pretty clothes, he hurries to remedy this, concocting a dress of colored frosting and candy hearts. He covers her brown hair with golden taffy ringlets and adds a large violet bow to her dress as a finishing touch. Thus attired, she is entered as the final contestant in the parade: Miss Bonbon. The judges, who have thus far been disappointed in the candidates, all promptly declare Miss Bonbon the Cookie Queen on sight. The gingerbread man is practically trampled in the sudden surge of the crowd as they carry Miss Bonbon to her throne, where they place a golden crown on her head. She is then presented with a large layer cake which appears to be a carousel of different vaudeville acts. A Queen must have a king, and so the newly crowned Cookie Queen must choose a husband from those featured. After being presented with a duo of tap dancing candy cane men, a pair of Barbershop singing Old Fashioned Cookies, a pair of effeminate angel food cakes, two scat-singing devil's food cakes, some acrobatic upside-down cakes, and three tipsy rum cookies, she refuses each and every one with a giggle and a shake of her head. The judges, with no other suitors to present, make their own proposals. At that moment, the gingerbread man, who has been attempting to gain a closer vantage point, sneaks up onto the dias. He is accosted by the guards who split his cupcake paper hat and tear off a piece of the jelly roll red carpet so that he looks as if he's wearing a crown and an ermine-lined cloak. The Cookie Queen calls to the guards "Stop! I say! Don't crown the King that way!" The gingerbread man is immediately released and takes his place beside his beloved sugar cookie. Their closing kiss melts the lollipop intended to screen them from view.