Vishwanathan  is a rich estate owner in Chinnamalai . He has a son Chellappa  and two daughters Kanchana and Nirmala. Vishwanathan's son  aspires to become a great cinema director and always demands money for his cinema production  from his father. Vishwanathan has two daughters - Kanchana who is doing her B.Sc and Nirmala who is doing her P.U.C in Madras. After their exams, they both come to their father's i.e. Vishwanathan's home in Chinnamalai. Vishwanathan wants his daughters to get married to rich grooms. Kanchana is in love with Vasu , the only son of a rich businessman Sachidanandham. Ashok  works as Asst. Manager in Vishwanathan's estate. His father is a teacher. Ashok and Vasu are friends. Ashok drives his old and battered car straight into Kanchana's and Nirmala's car. He gets into an argument with the girls. The girls get provoked by Ashok and complain to their father and ask him to fire Ashok. Vishwanathan complies at his daughters' insistence. Ashok gets angry with Vishwanathan. He pitches a tent in front of Vishwanathan's house and keeps demanding his job back. Love flares up between Ashok and Nirmala. As Vishwanathan wants his daughter to get married with a rich person, Ashok decides to pose as a rich man. For this he seeks his friend Vasu's help. Now Vasu comes to Vishwanathan disguised as a rich businessman Chidambaram. He impresses Vishwanathan by saying that he owns Chidambaram Shipping Agency in Madras and he has many ships, grandhouses, etc. in Madras. He says Ashok is his son and the only heir to all his properties, but that Ashok left him because he once scolded Ashok. Ashok pretends to ask for forgiveness from Vasu. Vishwanathan asks Vasu and Ashok to stay in his guest house for some days and tour Chinnamalai, and they both accept Vishwanathan's invitation. Now Vishwanathan is keen for either of his daughters to get married to Ashok and he expresses his wish to Ashok and Vasu. Ashok says that he will marry Nirmala, which makes Vishwanathan very happy. Chellappa who was in quest of a heroine for his film production meets Meena , the daughter of the manager of Vishwanathan's estate. Soon Nagesh and Meena fall in love with each other. Vasu has told his father Sachidanandham that he is going to Coimbatore for a business contract. But now Sachidanandham comes to Chinnamalai to buy an estate. Vasu , Kanchana, Ashok and Nirmala go for a picnic where Vasu and Ashok reveal their deception to their respective lovers. Now Sachidanandham meets Vishwanathan. Vishwanathan and Sachidanandham are childhood friends. They both recognize each other and Vishwanathan takes Sachidanandham to his house. Sachidanandham wanted his son Vasu to get married with Kanchana. When he mentions this to Vishwanathan, Vishwanathan readily accepts. When Vasu  enters Vishwanathan's house, Sachidanandham does not recognize his own son. Kanchana hesitates to accept the marriage proposal but later relents after Vasu says to her that he was the person she her father wanted her to marry. Things go well as per the plan of Ashok and Vasu amidst confusions. In Madras, Sachidanandham while returning from a tea party stops before a house as his car gets repaired. That was the house of Ashok's father who was a teacher. Ashok's father invites Sachidanandham to stay in his house till the car is repaired by the driver. In that house Sachidanandham sees Ashok's photo and he finds that Ashok was the son of that teacher. He realises that Ashok and the man posing as Chidambaram  were deceiving Vishwanathan. He thinks they were doing this to acquire Vishwanathan's property. He tells this to Vishwanathan and they both file a complaint with the police. The police convey the complaint to Chinnamalai Police Station and Chinnamalai Police arrest Ashok and Vasu. Ashok and Vasu confess to the police that they staged the deception to win Ashok's love, but they are put behind bars. Back in Chinnamalai, Sachidanandham finds out it was his son who was disguised as Chidambaram. He urges Vishwanathan to retract his complaint to get Vasu released. Vishwanathan retracts the police complaint and both Ashok and Vasu are released with a warning from the police. Vasu explains to Sachidanandham why they staged the deception. Vishwanathan is insistent that he was cheated. He is consoled by Sachidanandham. Vishwanathan convinces himself by saying that in the past, he too resorted to deceptions to win his love. Vishwanathan accepts Vasu and Ashok to be married with his daughters Kanchana and Nirmala and is convinced by Sachidanandham to accept Meena to be married with his  son Chellappa. The lovers  get married. The film ends with the three married couples posing for a photo with Vishwanathan in the middle.