The film is set in Amsterdam. Elisa "Lisa" is a poor Doeluttel but brutal flower seller from the lower class, with a flat Amsterdam accent. Professor Higgins, a linguist and speech teacher, was shocked by her manner and speech articulation when he encountered Lisa. He looks down on her and even mentions that they have no right to exist if not as a respectable young lady can speak. The next day, Lisa looks in on him in his house on the Prinsengracht. She wants to get diction lessons, so she once as a saleswoman in a store can buy. Higgins was convinced that the girl has no chance of success, but Colonel Pickering wagers that he is unable to make her into a proper lady. Higgins likes a challenge and bets that he will succeed within three months. His housekeeper, Mrs. Snijders is not happy with her arrival and will prevent notes that Lisa him three months to withdraw. Even so, she offered a room and begin classes for the first lady to her training immediately. But she struggles against, making it immediately clear to him that it would be a proper job. He also gives the courage, until her father a visit and Higgins realizes that he longed for his daughter wants to change. After a bad, Lisa gets a new wardrobe. Then begin her voice lessons. They will soon discover that it is more difficult than thought to the strict teachings and method of Higgins difficult treaties. Nevertheless, Lisa begins to make progress. She learns how to properly articulate. Higgins decided that the time has come for her to drink tea with his mother for her distinguished teaching to the test set. Lisa knows a flawless accent to apply, but shocked the guests occasionally with her talking points. Not much later they also invited as a guest for a greenhouse. Just before her departure, Mrs. Snijders advises her that the less they say, for how pleasant it will happen. At the ball to the rumors that she is of noble descent. Lisa comes across as successful neat lady at the ball and Higgins wins the bet. If her business with Higgins to an end, she thinks he's only used for the bet and can not wait to throw her on the street again. She is furious and tells him that she wished he had never taken her to his house. Higgins feels hurt and angry. It results in a quarrel, after which they leave the house unnoticed. Once back in her simple home, she feels that she no longer belongs. She leaves her default and seek refuge in her mother Higgins, who received her with open arms. Higgins has now been informed that they trace and begin a quest. When he finds Lisa in her mother's house, his concern turns quickly in all bluntness. It is now surprised by the arrival of her father, his life as a drunkard has left behind a career as toespreker. Later she tries to explain her quarrel with Higgins, but it results again in a shouting match. Their anger quickly turns into love.