Pelias , under the protection of the god Zeus , usurps the throne of Thessaly by storming the palace of King Aristo and killing him; but learns a prophecy that he will be overthrown by a child of Aristo wearing one sandal. In an attempt to thwart the prophecy, Pelias angers the goddess Hera  by killing one of Aristo's daughters, Briseis , despite having her protection and while praying in her temple. Twenty years later , Jason , Aristo's son grown to manhood, saves Pelias from drowning during a chance encounter, but loses a sandal into the depths of the river such that Pelias recognises him. Upon learning that Jason means to obtain the legendary Golden Fleece, Pelias encourages him, hoping he will be killed in the attempt. Men from all over Greece compete for the honor of joining Jason; men who, because their ship is named the Argo after its builders Argos  and his helper, the goddess Athena, are dubbed the Argonauts. Among those chosen are Hercules  and Hylas . Acastus , the son of Pelias, is sent by his father to sabotage the voyage. Jason is taken to Mount Olympus by the god Hermes  to speak with Zeus and Hera. The goddess wishes him well, but adds, as decreed by Zeus, he can only call upon her aid five times. She directs him to search for the Fleece in the land of Colchis. On the first occasion of summoning Hera's help, she guides Jason to the Isle of Bronze and warns him to take nothing but provisions; but exploring the island, Hercules steals a brooch pin the size of a javelin from a treasure chamber surmounted by a statue of Talos, which comes to life and attacks the Argo. Jason again turns to Hera, who guides him to open a cylindrical plug on the back of Talos's heel, releasing the latter's vital ichor. Defeated, Talos falls to the ground, crushing Hylas; whereupon Hercules refuses to leave until he ascertains the latter's death. The other Argonauts refuse to abandon Hercules, so that Jason calls on Hera again. She confirms that Hylas is dead and that Hercules is not to continue with the others, and directs them to seek the blind soothsayer Phineas , whom they find tormented by two Harpies sent by Zeus to punish him for misusing his gift of prophecy; these winged females would steal Phineas' food leaving him only noisome scraps. In return for imprisoning the Harpies, Phineas gives Jason directions and presents him with an amulet. To reach Colchis, they must sail between the Clashing Rocks which come together and crush any ship attempting to pass them. When Jason undertakes rowing through these dark rocks, his ship becomes trapped in the violent sea. In despair, Jason calls upon the end of the gods and throws Phineas' gift into the water; whereupon the god Triton rises from sea foam and holds the rocks in place long enough for the Argo to pass. They pick up three survivors of another ship, among them Medea . At Colchis, Acastus and Jason disagree on how to approach the King of Colchis, and eventually fight. Disarmed, Acastus jumps into the sea to escape. Believing him dead, Jason and his men accept an invitation from King Aeëtes  to a feast, where they are captured and imprisoned. Thereafter Medea, enamoured of JasonHera convinces Aphrodite to persuade her son Eros with a golden toy made for Zeus by his nurse Adrasteia; Desiring the toy, a thing so wonderful that when "you throw it up with your hands", it sends a flaming streak across the sky like a falling star, Eros shoots an arrow at Medea, causing her to fall in love with Jason., helps him and his men escape. Acastus tries to steal the Fleece himself, but is fatally wounded by its guardian Hydra, whom Jason kills to take the Fleece. Æëtes, in pursuit, sows the Hydra's teeth, producing a skeletal warrior from each. When Medea is wounded in the resulting battle, Jason uses the fleece to heal her. He then orders his Argonauts to take Medea to the ship, while he and two of his men fight off the skeletons. When his two companions are slain, Jason escapes to the ship; whereafter he, Medea, and the surviving Argonauts begin their return to Thessaly. In Olympus Zeus tells Hera that in due time he will call upon Jason again.