The film follows three men who meet in a foxhole during the waning days of World War I: Eddie Bartlett , George Hally  and Lloyd Hart , and depicts their trials and tribulations from the Armistice through the passage of the 18th Amendment leading to the Prohibition period of the 1920s and the violence which erupted due to it all the way through the 1929 crash of the stock market to its conclusion at the end of 1933, only days after the 21st Amendment brought an end to the Prohibition era. Following World War 1, Eddie Bartlett returns home from the war only to find his old job at a car shop is occupied. While naive Eddie  is pulled into the boot-legging business by Panama Smith , he remeets Jean Sherman , a girl he formerly spoke to during the war while she was in high school now working at a nightclub. She is an undiscovered star that Eddie generally takes under his wing. But when Bartlett runs into Hally on a boat raid, they agree to work together . They also meet Hart again who has turned into a successful lawyer. He falls hard for Jean, not knowing Eddie has a thing for her. Due to a bad business deal with Hally however , Eddie's bootlegging empire crumbles and he's back to driving cabs and having hangovers. Quite by chance, one day Jean steps into Eddie's cab. Eddie is now angry at her for leaving him for Hart and marrying him, so he's stand-offish at first. But after talking, as well as meeting Jean and Lloyd's four-year old son, Jean and Eddie agree to be friends and leave it at that. But, after talking to Hally again, Eddie learns Hally is going to murder Hart because he "knows too much". Eddie adamantly protests and after talking to Jean again, goes to Hally's house to convince him not to bump Hart off. This results in a shootout in which Eddie kills Hally {"Here's one rap ya' won't beat..."} and some of his men, redeeming himself. After running outside, he is shot in the back by another cohort, runs a little ways, knocks over a mail box, and then dramatically collapses on the steps of a church. As the police arrest the remainder of Hally's gang, Panama runs to Eddie and, after being interviewed by a cop whilst she cradles Eddie's lifeless body, she informs the officer, "He used to be a big shot."