The film concerns four characters, three of whom are mathematicians and one an inventor, receiving letters from an anonymous source using the name Fermat. The letter states that Fermat is organizing a meeting of brilliant intellectuals, and to attend, the recipient of the letter must solve a certain "enigma." Upon completion of the puzzle, a second letter is received with instructions to show up at a given time and place, alone, without a cell phone, to work on the greatest enigma. All the recipients receive pseudonyms, Galois, Hilbert, and Pascal. We are then introduced to a fourth character, known as Oliva. When they are all at the meeting place, at a river, a car on the other side flashes its lights, and they use a row boat named Pythagoras to reach it. Inside is a PDA with GPS directions that they follow to an abandoned warehouse in the middle of nowhere. Upon entering and searching, they find a room resembling what Hilbert describes as a room that intellectuals would meet in. After a short waiting period, a man enters and introduces himself as Fermat. They begin to talk and discuss things, but eventually Fermat receives a phone call about his daughter, whom he claims is in a coma at a nearby hospital. Fermat leaves, but forgets his coat. Pascal chases after him, but Fermat has already driven off. Fermat's wallet drops out of a pocket in the confusion. Pascal picks up the open wallet, and notices a picture of a girl. He returns to the room. Upon Pascal's return, the PDA emits a sound and displays the first enigma, along with a deadline of one minute for its solution. Hilbert, Oliva, and Galois work on the problem, exceeding the one-minute deadline but eventually Pascal reveals it to be a clichéd problem and solves it. Meanwhile, Pascal had noticed that the room had begun to shrink when the deadline was reached. He finds an inventory sales order for 4 industrial strength presses. The group then realizes that the presses are set to compress the room when time on the enigmas is exceeded. As the occupants of the room continue to work on more and more enigmas, details about their pasts begin to emerge. Meanwhile, Fermat is shown at a gas station, and then at a hospital. He is shown upset when it turns out that the hospital didn't call him. The nurses suggest that he go home, but he realizes he left his house keys in his jacket, and must return to the warehouse. The group then tries to use the furniture in the room to stop the moving walls, but the furniture shatters. When they discover an invitational letter addressed to "Fermat" with unique instructions, one of them makes the suggestion that Fermat was not their host after all, but merely another pawn of the true host. One of the group theorizes that since all this was a revenge plot, the person wanting revenge would want to see it happen. As there were no visible cameras or viewpoints, the person trying to kill them has to be in the room.