K and Cream first meet each other in high school & both are orphans; K was abandoned by his mother after his father died of cancer who nevertheless left him a sizable sum of money, while Cream lost her entire family in a traffic accident. The two become soulmates and come to share a home, though Kay watches Cream switch from boyfriend to boyfriend as he keeps his own feelings for her to himself. Knowing that Cream's biggest fear is to be left alone, Kay keeps the fact that he has terminal cancer a secret, and instead he urges her to marry a kind and healthy man. When Cream announces that she is in love with affluent doctor Joo-hwan, Kay is left heartbroken, but is satisfied that she has met her ideal partner. The audience later learns that Cream accidentally learns about K's illness when she takes what she thought were K's vitamins but in fact turned our to be pain medication for terminal cancer patients. It was shown earlier in the movie that Cream has asked K what his wish was; Cream finding a good and healthy man to spend her life with was what K wished for. Wanting to fulfill K's wish, Cream fakes falling in love with Joo-hwan. This part of the movie is shown at the end from Cream's perspective. Believing Cream has really found someone she loves, K asked Joo-hwan's fiance to break up with him. Joo-hwan's fiance agrees under the condition that K lets her take photographs of him. The night before Joo-hwan and Cream's wedding, K found the courage to tell Cream that he loves her while Cream replies "me, too." In the end, Cream believe that they are married because they walked down the aisle together when Kay is handing Cream off to Joo-hwan at their wedding. At the very end we see Joo-hwan at a burial site where he is visiting the grave of Cream and there he leaves a photograph of K and Cream as well as Cream's recorder. On it is a recording Cream made for K right before her suicide telling him to wait for her on the other side so that they can be together with "no more tears"