A police officer responds to a 911 call that came from a large home, upon his investigation he comes across an old woman who had apparently died of fright, holding a set of rosary beads. Bryan Beckett  is an overly analytical lawyer, whose lack of true emotion has caused a rift in his marriage. When he gets word that his old aunt had died, he assumes he inherits her home as a result of being her remaining kin. He makes it clear he does not believe in life after death, or many other superstitions and treats her death and funeral like everyday events. His friend and partner at the law firm Sully  has a seizure when they visit the home and warns Bryan not to enter the closet behind the cross. He recovers having no recollection of saying this. Wanting a separation from his wife to "scare her" into accepting his behavior, Bryan decides to spend a few weeks at his aunt's home, while he is there several strange occurrences are ignored by him that might hint at haunting behavior; a chest in the upstairs bedroom falls unaided, a large shrine is found in the closet behind a crucifix, and the house is filled with strange unexplained noises and glimpses of what appears to be a woman. Bryan learns that the house was willed to an institute that studies in sleep disorders. Upon investigation, the director Koven shows him another department that deals with psychic energy for scientific research. Though he maintains that they do not believe in the paranormal, Bryan decides to contest the will. But the sounds of whispering about an old trunk send him back. After Koven discounts his theories of voices in his house, Bryan goes to his psychiatrist Shepard (Edward Herrmann who decides that Bryan's stress-induced insomnia is to blame. The visions become more vivid, and Cassie  a psychic specimen of Koven's arrives to scan the house. She comes to several conclusions that Bryan hadn't disclosed, and the strange sound of someone falling down a flight of stairs that only he can hear clearly disturbs him. While going through an old trunk he found in the basement, Bryan and Cassie come across a doll who absolutely terrifies him into an emotional outrage. The next day, he begins to sense recurring memories of his mother abusing him and locking him in the same closet that seems to be the source of the hauntings. Shepard confirms this, and allows Bryan to remember that as a five-year-old, due to the harsh treatment of his mother he consciously placed toys on the stairs, causing her to fall down them to her death. Shepard and Bryan's father used Bryan's repressed memories to forget about the event entirely and it is this that makes Bryan realize that it is the ghost of his mother haunting the house. He returns to his aunt's home, but decides against going in. He sees Cassie's car parked in the driveway, but he is unable to reach her and enters the home searching for her. He calls her cell phone only to discover she had not been there that night and her car was gone from the driveway. Bryan storms from the room to escape the house and finds his mother's body lying on the floor at the foot of the stairs. The shock causes him to faint and he falls down the stairs, landing where she had died. It is then that he receives a vision of the picnic he had missed on the day before his mother's death that she had denied him and locked him in the closet for leaving a sock on the floor when he cleaned his room. It is impressed in this vision that she is apologizing to him for her deeds; then all goes dark and Bryan finds himself at the foot of the stairs as the screen goes dark.