Harry Mitchel  is a criminal who gets out of prison. He is propositioned by his friend and former partner-in-crime, Billy Norton , to live in apartment, but he has to work for Billy's criminal gang. On his way to a welcome back party, Mitchel saves a woman, Penny , from being mugged. At the party, Billy propositions Mitchel again. Mitchel is told by Billy and their contact, Danny ([[Stephen Graham , that his sister, Briony  is in the basement, and he "saves" her from sleeping with a drug addict. After the party, Mitchel meets Penny again, and she offers him a job to help her friend, retired actress, Charlotte. Mitchel goes to a train station to visit his friend Joe, a blind homeless Big Issue salesman and gives him a knife to protect himself. The next day, Mitchel meets Charlotte  and her friend, Jordan . He is given the job and Jordan gives him a tour of the mansion, including a garage full of Charlotte's ex-husband, Tim's cars. At his apartment, DS Bailey  visits Mitchel and tells him to avoid Billy and forces Mitchel to bribe him. Mitchel talks to Billy about DS Bailey, whom Billy can't stand. Joe is mugged, then brutally beaten by two young footballers and left for dead. At the hospital, Dr. Sanji Raju  lets Mitchel visit Joe, who wants Mitchel to avenge his death. The next day, Billy tells Mitchel that he knows about the car collection and that his boss wants them. At Joe's funeral, Dr. Raju tells Mitchel that he wants to date Briony, which Mitchel accepts. Mitchel goes to the pub and asks Danny to find as much as he can about the two footballers. That night, Mitchel is kidnapped by Billy and taken to his boss, Rob Gant , who tells Mitchel that he will be collecting money. Charlotte and Mitchel escape from the paparazzi to her mansion in the countryside. Charlotte mentions to Mitchel that something happened to her in Italy, which is implied to be a drug overdose. Jordan tells Mitchel that the Italy incident is that she was raped by a drug addict in Italy, who never got caught and is currently on life support after overdosing on quaaludes. Gant threatens DS Bailey not to force Mitchel to bribe him. Later that evening, Mitchel and Billy meet Gant in a garage, where he shoots a black teenager, whom Gant was led to believe by Billy to be on of the Nation of Islam members who beat up Mitchel and scared off Billy whiling collecting for Gant. Gant yells at Billy, Mitchel protects Billy and yells at Gant, who claims Mitchel said to kill anyone. Gant tells Mitchel to meet him at a restaurant the next night, for an unknown arrangement. Charlotte tells Mitchel she loves him. Later, Mitchel and Gant meet and Gant puts Mitchel in charge of collecting money in Streatham, Clapham and Kennington. Gant reveals that the footballer has a future in professional football and is being scouted by professional teams. Mitchel tells Gant that if he was a gangster, Gant would be the first person he killed and Mitchel would take everything that Gant has, claiming that he isn't a gangster. The next day, Mitchel tells Jordan he won't take the job. Gant orders his henchmen, Fletcher ([[Matt King  and Beaumont  to kill the doctor who owns Mitchel's apartment. Mitchel follows the footballer into a tunnel and plans to shoot him when he stops, but the boy walks off. Mitchel visits Charlotte and tells her that he loves her and the two sleep together. Mitchel sees Billy's van and attacks Billy who says Gant sent him to kill Mitchel and warns Mitchel to look for "a big Bosnian fucker". Mitchel borrows one of Charlotte's husband's Rolls Royces and confronts Billy at a pub. He beats Billy, who says Gant will kill everyone who Mitchel loves and Mitchel steals the money Billy collected for Gant. Mitchel tells Briony to get out of the country and go to Paris, telling her she is in danger. Mitchel and Jordan find Billy's dead body in the front garden and the Bosnian, named Storbor, outside the gate. Mitchel asks Jordan to help him and Jordan agrees to help kill Storbor. The two follow Storbor to a nightclub where they meet him and the drug addict from the party named Whiteboy . Mitchel takes the two to his van where Jordan, who has been hiding in the van the whole time, garrotes Storbor through the throat. They drive to the countryside mansion and Whiteboy begs Mitchel not to kill him, but Mitchel shoots Whiteboy in the head. Mitchel lifts up a gate, causing the pit where they dumped Storbor and Whiteboy, to get flooded. Meanwhile, Briony had laughed off hiding in Paris and is in her London flat having sex with Dr. Raju, when Gant comes by, and offscreen kills them both with a hammer. DS Bailey  visits Jordan, who was expecting him based on Mitchel's advice, and leads him at gunpoint into a darkened stairway, killing him. tells Bailey to go down the stairs. Charlotte is shown in LA, where police are on TV talking about paparazzi stalking Charlotte. Mitchel enters Gant's house and knocks out Gant's wife, while Fletcher and Beaumont are outside. Mitchel walks into Gant's bedroom and shoots Gant in the head and takes the £60,000. He goes home and hides the box under the floorboards. As he leaves the house, he is stabbed repeatedly by the footballer who says someone, heavily implied to be Gant, told him Mitchel was looking for him, and leaves Mitchel for dead. We then see Jordan sitting on a bench at the countryside mansion with a gun, while two police officers are walking towards him in the distance. The screen cuts to black and we hear 4 gunshots, either implying Jordan killed himself, killed one of the police officers and was shot by the other, or killed both of the police officers.