It's been 17 years since Oscar Madison and Felix Unger have seen one another. Oscar is still a compulsive gambler and an untidy slob, now living in Sarasota, Florida, but still a sportswriter. One day, he is called by his son Brucey with an invitation to California for his wedding the following Sunday. A second shock for Oscar—the woman his son is marrying is Felix's daughter, Hannah. On the flight from New York to Los Angeles, it becomes clear that Felix hasn't changed his ways—he's still a fussy, allergy-suffering nuisance. Oscar and Felix are reunited at the airport and very happy to be together again—at least for a few minutes. They take a rental car to San Malina for the wedding. But the trip begins with Oscar forgetting Felix's suitcase at the Budget car rental, including the wedding gifts and wardrobe inside. Oscar also loses the directions to San Malina when his cigar ash burns them. He and Felix become hopelessly lost on their way, unable to even remember the name of the town where they are headed. They end up in the desert, where the car rolls off a cliff and catches fire. If that were not enough, they get arrested several times by the local police, first for driving a truck carrying illegal Mexican immigrants, and then for being inside a $150,000 vintage Rolls Royce Silver Wraith with a dead man. Irritated, exhausted and convinced that they'll never get to the wedding, they get arrested yet again for consorting with armed Rednecks who believe Oscar and Felix were flirting with their wild women Thelma and Holly. The boys are freed and driven to the local airport by the police, who are only too pleased to be rid of them. Felix and Oscar make it to the wedding, but not before Felix falls for a woman on the airplane. Her name is Felice Adams, the sister of Oscar's ex-wife, Blanche.  They arrive to find that Brucey is having second thoughts about the wedding due to his parents' bad history with marriage. Felix and Oscar argue with their ex-spouses, after which Oscar persuades his son to go through with it. Felix's suitcase is returned and the wedding goes off without a hitch. The next morning, Felix and Felice leave on one flight and part ways with Oscar, who returns to Florida. Oscar is telling his poker friends about the wedding when the door bell rings. It is Felix, who says things with Felice didn't work out. Felix wonders if he could move in with Oscar until he finds his own place. Oscar says no, but eventually he relents. Before long Felix is cleaning up the apartment and Oscar is overcome with a sense of having been through all this before after thirty years.