Naina  is a chivalrous girl. She comes across Kalyan , a typical boy, who always looks for a kick in everything. He doesn"t want to happen something as it is and he looks for a kick for achieving something. He could not work in any particular job for long as he feels that the kick is missing after working for some months or days. Naina's sister  tells her that she is in love with Kalyan. As Naina knows very well about Kalyan, she tries to spoil the alliance and Kalyan falls in love with Naina. However, neither Kalyan nor Naina admits that they are in love with the other and both of them pretend that one hates another but they have liking against each other. Once, Naina tells Kalyan that she likes him and they become good friends. Following Naina's suggestion to settle in one job, Kalyan tells her that she is working in a software firm, though he resigns it. One fine day, Naina comes to know that Kalyan is lying. This irks Naina and she chides him like anything. She tells Kalyan that she loves him and at the same time hates him. After this episode, Naina leaves for Malaysia, where her parents are staying. One day, Naina's father  brings an alliance, and the boy Kalyan Krishna  is a sincere police officer in India. Naina's father arranges the encounter in a local train and Naina reveals all her friendship and love story with Kalyan, and the latter gets very impressed and agrees to marry her. In fact, Kalyan Krishna reaches Malaysia in search of a thief, who robbed bigwigs worth crores of rupees. Kalyan Krishna realizes that the thief is very intelligent and is doing everything in a planned manner. Kalyan Krishna learns that Kalyan reached Malaysia with the hint given by the latter. After reaching Malaysia, Kalyan calls Kalyan Krishna and challenges him that he is going to rob huge money, which is in fact unaccounted and is being invested in a foreign firm. After robbing that money, again he challenges that he is going to rob huge party fund, which is about to be circulated during elections and successfully completes the same. At this juncture, Kalyan's father reveals the flashback to Naina that his son is doing all those robberies to help hapless children, who are suffering from diseases, which need lakhs of rupees for surgeries and are left by their parents in an orphanage. In the climax, there is another twist that the defense minister appoints Kalyan in place of Kalyan Krishna to nab the thief. By that time, Kalyan completes his mission and helps several destitute children and re unites with Naina.