Cossack Vasyl  prepares himself for a mounted voyage to Peterburg, the capital of the Russian Empire. Vasyl carries a hramota  given to him by the hetman through his secretary, Pereverny-kruchenko, that is rumored to cost ten Poods of gold. Vasyl's wife sews the hramota into his hat and his father  gives him magic tobacco to repel evil and an advice to find a good co-journeyman. The film depicts the adventures of Vasyl in sequences that are filled with Ukrainian culture, and shows Ukrainian cuisine, costumes, traditions, mystical and comedy-filled situations, anecdotes, and plethora of obstacles which Vasyl must overcome. One his way together with an evil servant  he comes to a river crossing where a ferry carries people from one side to another. There he finds his partner in arms, Andriy, a zaporozhian cossack. Further along the way, something happened to the papers when they stopped at an inn to rest. When Vasyl and Andriy arrive in St. Petersburg they handed over the hramota to the baroness von Likhtenberg who passed them to the empress. The documents did not carry any information and Vasyl had to leave without results. On the way home, both of them decided to shoot each other. As they were saying in unison the Nicene Creed  they heard a voice that identified itself as Kudz coming from a nearby rock saying he was the same chort and the witch turned him into a rock after he helped Vasyl. Kudz asked them to throw him in a nearby marsh so as not to cause any further harm to random travelers on the road. As Vasyl arrived with his friend near their village, Dykanka, they met a little boy who asked them to let him go to see the cossack, Vasyl who had supposedly returned from having seen the empress. Then they arrived and were met by the rest of the village population. Moments later, everybody awaits Vasyl again by his house to tell the story of his rendezvous with the empress. In the last scene, he wishes the little boy to have a loyal horse, an open field, and always be at people's service. The scene is accompanied by the triumphant Cossack march of the Ukrainian folkloric song about Sahaidachny.