Kyle Kingson  an arrogant and vain son of a wealthy news anchor Rob Kingson  bullies Kendra Hilferty  who magically transforms handsome Kyle into a bald, tattooed and scarred shell. If he does not find someone who loves him by the next spring he would remain in his ugly state forever. Kyle is taken to live in a private house with their maid Zola  and a blind tutor Will Fratalli . Both are a comfort to Kyle when his father begins to neglect him. As spring draws closer, Kyle finds himself infatuated with Lindy Taylor , a girl whom he had kept distance from in his former school. He sees her father, a druggie, engaged in an altercation with two drug dealers and shoots one dead while the other vows to kill Lindy. Kyle persuades Lindy’s father to allow her to move in with him. Lindy is furious about hiding and doesn't speak to Kyle, but eventually, Kyle reveals himself and they begin to warm up to each other. Kyle writes a letter professing his love for Lindy but does not give it for fear of rejection. He visits Kendra to plead for more time and she refuses but agrees to restore Will's vision and grant citizenship to Zola's three children in Jamaica if he gets Lindy to fall in love with him. The criminal who threatened Lindy’s life lands up in jail. Lindy’s father is overdosed and is in hospital. Kyle permits Lindy to leave and see her father and drives her to the station. He gives her the letter but regrets doing so as she tells him he’s a good friend. Lindy calls him after reading the letter but being heartbroken Kyle does not answer them. Persuaded by Will and Zola, Kyle goes to meet Lindy one last time before she leaves on a school trip to Machu Picchu. Lindy professes her love, and departs for Machu Picchu. Kyle’s normal self is restored but Lindy does not recognize him until she calls his phone and finds that it is the phone of the restored Kyle that rings. Will wakes up one morning and can see again and Zola finds three green cards for her children in the mail from the government. Kendra approaches Rob Kingson's office as a new intern, implying that Kendra will likely do the same thing to Rob as she did to Kyle. At the end credits, vacation photos show Lindy and Kyle passionately together after high school, living happily ever after.  In the alternative ending of the film that is seen on the DVD, Kyle receives a voice message from Lindy telling him she loves him. However she has left on the school trip and Kyle believes he has lost his chance with her. He then receives another call from Lindy, who is being abducted by Victor, a drug dealer. Kyle runs throughout the city to save her and, upon reaching her and finding her in Victor's hold, leaps forward to save her but is shot in the process. Lindy goes to get help, but Kyle asks her to stay and she tells him she loves him as he dies. Lindy's tears, however, bring him back to life and restore him to his former self. At first, Lindy refuses to believe it is him but soon realizes it is really him and the two kiss. Kyle and Lindy then go to Prom together and Kyle thanks Kendra for what she has done. Afterwards, like the original ending, Kendra is taking an internship at Rob Kingson's office.