The movie begins with a prison inmate, Luther , speaking directly to the camera to an unseen individual, telling the story of Dizzy Gillespie Harrison , an 18-year-old high school senior and nerd. Dizzy is friends with Nora , Kirk  and Glen ,<ref name http://www.mahalo.com/the-new-guy/| title  Mahalo| date  2012-04-02}} The school librarian  would eventually "break" it after Dizzy refuses to "hand" over the "weapon" to her. Dizzy's white briefs were yanked from underneath his pants and placed around his head<ref name http://www.screenit.com/movies/2002/the_new_guy.html| title  Screen It!| date  2009-07-22}} - revealing the erect penis in plain sight to nearly everyone instead of "covering it." Dizzy is misdiagnosed with Tourette syndrome; he is then placed on medication by the school counselor who advises his father  to spend every moment possible with him. While at the mall's food court, the heavily medicated Dizzy makes a fool of himself at a church revival and gets arrested. In an attempt to wipe the slate clean, Dizzy gets himself expelled from his old high school, then undergoes a makeover with the help of the prison inmates and guards. The action has an intended effect, and head cheerleader, Danielle , welcomes the newcomer to school. Reaching the state championship, where they play Rocky Creek, Dizzy's antics on the sideline cost Rocky Creek the game, although Barclay recognizes his old punching bag. At school the next day, he attempts to beat up Dizzy, and is in turn attacked by the entire student body. After the attack, Connor helps up Barclay from the ground, telling him he wants to know what he knows . The homecoming dance, which Dizzy's funk band is supposed to play, is crashed by the students of Rocky Creek. Barclay and Connor, who have joined forces to set a trap for Dizzy, play an embarrassing video of the librarian incident. However, Luther and the other inmates arrive to save Dizzy and tie up the two bullies. Nora admits longstanding feelings for Glen, and Dizzy and Danielle reconcile. Luther ends the film, and the man he is talking to is revealed to be David Hasselhoff.  In the uncensored version of the movie, Dizzy appears to be a "child of divorce. Miss Kiki Pierce talks about Dizzy's excessive masturbation and becomes his stepmother in the uncensored version .