The film opens on a voyeuristic shot of college student Samantha Hughes  as she looks at an apartment. She cannot afford the security deposit, but the landlady agrees to accept the first month's rent instead. Samantha needs the apartment because her roommate in her college dormitory is a slob who frequently has sex with her boyfriend all night long. When she sees a flyer advertising a babysitting job, Samantha calls the number and leaves a message on the answering machine. The pay phone rings after she has hung up, and Mr. Ulman  arranges to pick her up outside the Student Affairs office. However, he never shows up. Ulman leaves a message with Samantha's roommate, and when Samantha calls him back, he apologizes for standing her up and offers her $100 to babysit that night. Seeing the money as the only way to afford her first month's rent, Samantha agrees, and her friend Megan  drives her to the house which is in the country. Megan is very skeptical, and begs Samantha to let her stay with her. When they get to the house, Ulman is very evasive when Megan asks him basic questions about who he is. He mentions the evening's lunar eclipse and how the town is the best place on Earth to see it. Eventually, he confesses that there is no child to babysit, only his mother. He agrees to pay Samantha $400, stressing that it was very important to have a sitter for the night. Megan is furious with Samantha for agreeing to stay. She does not trust Ulman, especially once he admitted to lying. As she drives away, she is so flustered that she pulls over to light a cigarette. A man  appears out of nowhere to offer her a light, visibly frightening her. After she lights up, she asks where he came from. He asks, "You're not the babysitter?" When she admits that she is not, he unexpectedly kills her by shooting her in the head, then calmly picks the lit cigarette from her fingers to finish it. Back at the house, Ulman promises that his mother is independent enough that Samantha might never even see her, and he mentions twice that there is a phone number on the fridge for a pizza place. Ulman leaves with his wife . Alone, Samantha spends some time going through the many rooms of the house. She decides not to enter one of the rooms, which is shown to have three dead bodies inside. She orders a pizza and plays pool. Eventually, she finds old photographs of the house showing a different family posing in front of it. The discovery unsettles her so much that when the pizza arrives, she throws the money at the delivery man and slams the door. The delivery man is the same stranger who killed Megan. After a few bites of the pizza, she throws it out and tries to wash the taste out of her mouth. At the sink, she hears someone else running a tap somewhere in the house. She goes upstairs to investigate, ending up in the attic, where she becomes frightened by the sounds of someone behind a door. The pizza has been drugged, and Samantha passes out. When she wakes up, she is tied to a satanic altar in the basement. The Ulmans and the stranger are there as well as a deformed priestess, all of them in hooded cloaks. The priestess draws a pentagram on Samantha's belly with blood and then pours more blood down her mouth. Samantha manages to free herself, stabbing Mr. Ulman and poking the stranger in the eye. She runs upstairs and trips over Megan's body in the kitchen. The stranger chases her up to the second story of the house where he shoots her in the arm. As he prepares to finish her off, she slashes his throat and flees into the attic. Mrs. Ulman appears devastated by the death of the man, and enters the attic. She tells Samantha that it is too late to do anything, threatening "it will work in spite of you". Samantha stabs her in the back as she prays for help. Samantha dials 911, but when the operator answers, she has another, more powerful hallucination of the demonic looking priestess. Terrified, Samantha flees the house, followed by Mr. Ulman who is bleeding profusely. When he catches up to her, she points the gun at him, and he encourages her to shoot him. He explains that he is simply a messenger for someone else. He asks Samantha to listen to the voices in her head and realize that there is no way to fight them. Samantha then shoots herself in the head. The film ends in a hospital room, where Samantha is recovering. A nurse tends to her and says, "Don't worry, you're gonna be just fine." Then, laying a hand on Samantha's stomach, she adds, "Both of you."