The story begins with the opening of the Hong Kong Victoria Harbour tunnel by business partners Paul Wagner and Nigel Griffith . Paul attends with his twin baby sons, Chad and Alex. However, after the celebrations, the family is followed home by a Triad hit squad on orders from Griffith and crime lord Raymond Zhang . A shootout ensues, in which Paul and his wife are killed by the bodyguard Moon . Chad is rescued by the family bodyguard, Frank Avery , and raised abroad. Alex is dropped off on the doorstep of a Hong Kong orphanage. In the present day, Chad  and Frank are running a successful martial arts business in Los Angeles when Frank reveals a new "business" for the two of them in Hong Kong. Soon after arrival, they find Chad's twin brother Alex  and Frank explain their shared past. It is revealed that Alex is immersed in the Hong Kong crime world ruled by Zhang, and has a girlfriend who works for Griffith’s company, Danielle Wilde . After escaping the Hong Kong Marine Police for trying to sell foreign cars with electronics inside, Chad  is taken in by the Triads to discuss the incident. During the interrogation, Chad learns about a drug lab in Causeway Bay. Alex and Chad arrange to destroy the lab by planting C4 in the complex one night, but Chad's clumsiness triggers a massive gunfight. The lab is destroyed, but Chad loses any respect for Alex. Later, Danielle and Alex talk on a ferry and discuss a meeting that will take place soon in a night club in Hong Kong, with Zhang and other bosses in attendance. Alex, Chad and Frank endure their third mission to take down Zhang using Cognac boxes with C4 encased in them. Zhang discover that both Chad and Alex are not only twins, but the twins from 25 years ago. Danielle locates the document that she had been sent to recover, but is stopped by Kara . Griffing assassin and begins to search Danielle in ways she thought were strange since Kara is bisexual and hits on her as well, Chad heads to the Hideout in a bar where Alex has a base, Chad has rescue Danielle after fleeing from the triads, this infuriates Alex and begins to hate Chad even more to the point where Chad leaves the building. Alex reveals that he has no brother on the grounds that he was raised in the streets alone and had no one to help him. After a massive hangover Alex looks at the building as it is being raided by armed soldiers working for Griffin and Zhang, after locating Frank and Danielle they`re taken hostage on the Golden Glory ship's furnace room where they are being tortured, Alex and Chad have joined forces as the infultrate the ship and begin killing off soldiers. Despite ongoing tension between the twins, Chad and Alex eventually team up to start dismantling Zhang’s criminal empire. Towards the end of the movie, Zhang and Griffith kidnap Frank and Danielle to lure the twins into a trap. Chad and Alex fight their way through most of the henchmen sent to kill them and finally pursue and kill Zhang and Griffith. Chad and Alex decide to put aside their differences and become brothers once more.