Marshall Richard "Dick" Dix, a special detective, saves a fast food chain restaurant from a terrorist hostage situation, much to the displeasure of the police chief. He drives away, and back to the police station, where he meets his boss, who is with a police worker, Cassandra Menage. She retells her experience of the cloning of the President of the United States of America, Bill Clinton, who remains unnamed throughout the film. Dix is sent to the cloning facility, a moon base called Vegan. Dix causes a mayhem on the way there. He reaches Vegan, and is met by Lt. Bradford Shitzu at the security check. On the way to meet the main suspect in the cloning, Dr. Griffin Pratt, Dix experiences strange happenings throughout the colony involving certain Aliens who live there. During a very strange incident involving an Alien about to explode, Dix meets Capt. Valentino DiPasquale, with whom Dix will share his quarters. Dix and Shitzu get to Dr. Pratt's quarters, and talk to him. Shitzu leaves, and Pratt takes Dix on a tour of his cloning facility. While on the tour, he meets Dr. Uschi K端nstler, with whom he takes the elevator to meet Ms. Madfeenage. Dr. K端nstler deserts the two, and they make their way to a party where the suspects may be. Pratt and Menage have dinner, while Dix has a bizarre escapade with Pratt's toupe. He leaves the party, and goes to his quarters with Valentino. There, he shows him his huge array of disguises. Dix gets a phone call from Ms. Menage that they are about to raid Pratt's quarters. Dix destroys his Vegan model, and spreads paint all over the place. Then Dix stumbles on the radio and it starts playing the cancan very loudly. Pratt comes back to his room, only to discover that Dix escaped. He goes to his apartment, and threatens him. Dix tells Menage, and soon enough, Menage gets abducted by Pratt's goons. Pratt then pretends to help Dix find the President and rescue Ms. Menage, but Pratt's goons trap them. Ms. Menage uses her martial arts skills, and the President, Dix, and Menage escape back to Earth. The President they rescued then is replaced with the president in the White House, and suddenly Dix finds out that he put the clone in the White House. They find out that Dix's boss is also with Pratt, and Dix, the President, Menage, Valentino, Shitzu, and K端nstler go to a concert by the Three Tenors which are singing Village People songs. The presidents are involved in an onstage fight, and the whole concert is ruined by Shitzu's fumbling with the control panel. K端nstler then doublecrosses Dix, and reveals she is actually an alien. After Menage kills her, the president is replaced, and Menage goes with Dix to a restaurant.