In South Park, Colorado, Kenny McCormick, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman and Stan Marsh are on their way to the local movie theater to see the new film Terrance and Phillip: Asses of Fire which stars the boys' favorite Canadian comedy duo, Terrance and Phillip. The boys learn new words from the movie, which causes the other kids in town to see the picture. The kids of South Park Elementary School begin cursing in class, and Kyle, Cartman, Kenny and Stan are sent to Counselor Mackey's office, where he informs their parents. Learning that the language was from the movie, the parents force the teachers to abandon their previous lesson plans and run a rehab-like center{{dn}} for the kids to get them to stop swearing. After rehab, the boys and the rest of the children see the movie again. After Kenny dies as the result of lighting his fart on fire like in the movie , the boys are grounded, Kenny is sent to Hell where he meets Satan and Saddam Hussein who are gay lovers, the parents of South Park boycott Terrance and Phillip, and Sheila  has Terrance and Phillip arrested for corrupting the minds of America's children. As response to having the duo arrested, Canada strikes back by bombing the house of the Baldwin brothers, killing them. Cartman is implanted with a V-chip by Dr. Vosknocker which will shock Cartman every time he uses profanity. Stan is trying to win back a girl he likes, Wendy, who is hanging out with another boy named Gregory. Stan asks Chef for advice, and Chef tells him to find the clitoris, which is a word Stan does not recognize. Sheila and President Bill Clinton reveal on national news their plans to go to war with Canada in response to the killing of the Baldwins and to have Terrance and Phillip executed at a USO show. Meanwhile, Satan knows that the war is a sign to invade Earth, and if the blood of the two Canadians touches American soil, it will be time for him to rise up. Saddam wants to come with him, but Satan is tired of being bossed around by Saddam. Kenny tells Satan to break up with Saddam to which Satan initially agrees, but Saddam wins back Satan with a song. Kenny haunts Cartman as a ghost and tells him that Satan and Saddam Hussein plan to come to Earth and for Cartman to warn everybody. The boys have a secret meeting to talk about how they can save Terrance and Phillip. They form "La Resistance" and Gregory tells Stan to meet with a kid named The Mole to help them infiltrate the location of the USO show. La Resistance and The Mole infiltrate the USO show, but The Mole is killed by guard dogs. It is up to everyone else to save Terrance and Phillip and Cartman's V-Chip malfunctions due to a power surge. The kids save Terrance and Phillip, but the Canadians unexpectedly show up and a bloody battle ensues. Sheila shoots Terrance and Phillip which results in Satan and Saddam Hussein rising from the ground. The other moms decide to stop what they are doing, seeing as what they and their Mothers Against Canada organization started and head off to look for their sons. Stan finds the clitoris  in the woods who tells him to be confident in order to win back Wendy's love. Satan finally kills Saddam when he gets fed up with all the abuse and brings Kenny back from Hell, telling him can have any wish in exchange for encouraging him to kill Saddam. Kenny wishes for everything to return to the way it was before the War, which means he will remain dead. Kenny is sent to Heaven due to this act, the war has ended, the Canadians and Americans become friends again, and everything returns to normal. Back in South Park, Ike, still hiding in the attic, eats a rat in a post-credits scene