Paandu  is a jack of all trades with helping nature. He is very much impressed with a TV anchor Anjali ([[Sneha , who donates her earnings for the cause of children with heart ailments. Anjali is also a good dancer. This way, Paandu becomes her ardent fan. Home Minister Bhagwan , given to womanizing, takes a look at Anjali while dancing at a function. But, Anjali rejects his advances. Bhagwan sees that Anjali is put behind bars on a false case of drug trafficking. Nobody comes to her rescue, but only one man – That is Paandu, her ardent fan. How he exposes evil deeds of the villain and proves the innocence of Anjali  forms the climax. Jagapati Babu as usual did a neat job. He displayed the much required prowess in his role as a stubborn man who does not care for any risk. Sneha's performance comes as an asset to the movie. Unlike routine heroines, she holds a meaningful footage in the movie and the story revolves round her. Her climax dance is superb. Madhu Sharma's supporting role is convincing, though has certain extra scenes. Sayaji Shinde as villain is impressive. His elevation from a juvenile criminal to a street rowdy to a politician comes as a satire. Showing him as a ruthless villain with good taste for painting and music has some variety. Venu Madhav steals the show with his comedy. Kondavalasa's role as one who is addicted to "Yoga Asanams" is hilarious. Dharmavarapu acted as brother-in-law to the villain and comes out with his typical witty role, equally supported by Krishna Bhagwan as lawyer. Story was straight and simple without any flashbacks, but somehow traditional. Screenplay was equally balanced in the first and second halves, with little boredom. Director Devi Prasad does not disappoint the audiences and at the same there is nothing much to speak about the direction. Songs were above average and music by Mani Sharma passed off unnoticed, but for thumping beats at the climax.Stunts by Ram Lakshman were applauded. Comedy was good and served as good support to the movie.