A teenage girl named Su-mi is being brought to a psychiatrist. Although the psychiatrist attempts to elicit a response from her, she is unresponsive until a picture of her family is shown in front of her. She is taken home by her father, Moo-hyeon, along with her timid sister, Su-yeon. There, they are met by their difficult stepmother, Eun-joo. During their stay, both sisters encounter a ghostly woman at night. Additionally, tensions grow worse between the sisters and their stepmother especially after bruises are discovered on Su-yeon's arms, oblivious to Moo-hyeon. Later, at a dinner party, a guest and relative convulses from a condition she has. The guest, while convulsing, notices the same ghost woman under the kitchen sink the sisters have been seeing. Eun-joo also notices the woman the next day and insists to Moo-hyeon that strange events have become frequent since Su-mi and Su-yeon returned. Her pet bird is killed and found in Su-yeon's bed. Thoughtlessly and in a fit of rage, she locks Su-yeon in the wardrobe, and after Su-yeon is freed, Moo-hyeon asks Su-mi why she is making trouble. Su-mi insists that the stepmother harasses Su-yeon, locking her in the closet. Moo-hyeon informs her that Su-yeon is dead, and that she is not getting better. Su-mi believes her stepmother has killed Su-yeon and placed the body in a bag. A fight ensues between the two and Su-mi is rendered unconscious. Moo-hyeon returns home to find an injured Su-mi, however the stepmother and bag are nowhere to be found. A flashback ultimately reveals that Su-yeon is really dead and that the stepmother has been absent throughout the whole film. In the past, Eun-joo was a live-in nurse caring for the girls' sick mother. The girls sensed that Eun-joo and Moo-hyeon were attracted to each other. Su-mi displays her disapproval toward Eun-joo, who in turn takes her anger out on Su-yeon. Su-yeon then returns to her room and Su-yeon's mother is shown trying to comfort her. In the present, Eun-joo goes into Su-yeon's room, where she hears a noise coming from the closet. The ghostly woman crawls out  and takes vengeance. However, it can be debated on whether this scene happened in real life, or whether it is a "fantasy" imagination scene created in the mind of Su-mi. The flashback picks up again from when Su-yeon, after being comforted by her mother, wakes up and opens the wardrobe door, finding her mother who has hanged herself. Terrified and confused, she accidentally pulls the wardrobe down on top of herself. Eun-joo hears and goes to investigate but leaves rather than helping Su-yeon. She changes her mind and goes back. En route, she passes Su-mi and an argument starts between them. Eun-joo warns Su-mi that she may come to regret this moment. Su-mi dismisses the warning as nonsense and angrily marches out of the house. Su-yeon continues clawing at the wardrobe until she eventually dies. This flashback sets place just before Su-mi goes to the psychiatrist at the beginning of the film after her mother and sister both died.