One year after the conclusion of the last film, a boat's anchor hits an underwater power line cable, causing a short circuit at the bottom of Crystal Lake and resurrecting the undead serial killer Jason Voorhees. He finds the boat's occupants, a high school couple named Jim Miller and Suzie Donaldson having sex. Obtaining the hockey mask that Jim used to scare Suzie, Jason kills Jim with the barrel of a Harpoon. Suzie attempts to hide in a storage hatch, but Jason discovers her and kills her as well. The next morning, the SS Lazarus, containing the senior class of Lakeview High School, is bound for nearby New York City for the school's graduation. The trip is chaperoned by biology teacher Charles McCulloch and Colleen Van Deusen, who has brought along Charles' niece, Rennie. Before the ship sets sail, Jason grabs the ship's anchor and climbs aboard. During the night, Rennie has visions of Jason as a child when he drowned. Jason starts murdering the people on board, starting with a wannabe rock star named J.J. He then kills a young boxer in a sauna. When Tamara Mason goes to take a shower, Jason breaks through the door and strips her. She begs for mercy while Jason kills her. Tamara's corpse is later discovered lying on the floor. Jason kills the captain and the chief engineer of the Lazarus, leaving the two chaperones, Rennie, and the remaining students to try to track down Jason. Jason strangles a female student, then throws a boy over the captain's quarters and onto a deck post. After Wayne accidentally kills another passenger, he is attacked by Jason and thrown onto a control panel, causing a fire that blows a hole in the ship's hull. Jason attempts to kill Rennie by choking her, but she escapes. Charles, Rennie, Colleen, two other students, Julius and the captain's son, Sean Robertson, as well as Rennie's dog, Toby, abandon the ship in a row boat. The group reaches New York City, though Jason has followed them there. The group is mugged by two gang bangers who kidnap Rennie and chase off Toby. Charles suggests the group split up to find help. The gang bangers take Rennie to their hideout and inject her with heroin. They are preparing to rape her, but Jason shows up and kills them both. Julius finds a phone and tries to call for help, but is attacked by Jason, who chases him onto a rooftop. Julius confronts Jason and punches him repeatedly, only to be decapitated with a single punch from Jason, his head falling into a dumpster. Colleen is looking for help when she runs into Charles and a cop, who also run into Rennie and Sean. The cop puts them in the back of his car and they see Julius's head in the front. Jason kills the cop before Rennie gets in the front seat and runs Jason over. She sees an hallucination of a young Jason and tries running it over, but smashes into a brick wall, causing the car to explode. Colleen is killed in the explosion. Rennie has a flashback to her early childhood, when she was learning how to swim in Crystal Lake, was almost killed by a younger Jason, who had already drowned. She remembers that Charles was the one who pushed her into the water, trying to get her to swim. Rennie runs away and Sean goes after her. Charles stays behind and is killed by Jason. Rennie tells Sean that her parents were killed in a car crash when she was young, leaving her in the care of Charles. Jason arrives, making Sean and Rennie run for their lives. Rennie and Sean run onto the New York subway system, but are trapped by Jason. Sean tackles Jason and Jason is electrocuted by the ground wires, seemingly killing him. The two leave the subway and emerge into Times Square, where Jason continues pursuing them. Rennie and Sean run into a diner but Jason crashes through a wall to get to them. They run into the sewers, where Rennie attacks Jason with toxic waste, melting much of his body. After an ensuing flooding of the sewer, all that remains of Jason is a young boy lying at the bottom of the sewer, with a hockey mask floating away on the water. Rennie and Sean reunite with Toby on the streets above, and set out to start a new life.