The film begins with friends from L'Auberge espagnole in Saint Petersburg for the wedding of Wendy's brother William. Xavier begins to reminisce about the past several years. He and Martine split up, and Martine has had a child and become a committed environmental activist. For financial reasons, Xavier becomes a writer for pulp romantic novels and a ghostwriter for celebrities who can't write their own biographies. Martine criticizes his pulp novel work as being unrealistic and corny. Xavier feels just the same about this, but only replies to her that he earns good money. In Paris, Xavier has a brief affair with Kassia, a sales clerk from Senegal. When Xavier's grandfather asks about Xavier's fiancée, he asks his lesbian friend Isabelle  to pose as his fiancée. In Paris, Xavier runs into Wendy , who herself has become an accomplished television writer. She is currently involved in an unhealthy relationship. Later, a TV show assignment takes Xavier to London where he had requested to work with Wendy. In his other job Xavier is given the chance to ghost write a biography of Celia, a model. On one of his visits Xavier and Celia kiss and make love while looking at the boats on the River Seine. In time Xavier and Wendy's attraction to each other becomes a physical relationship. Xavier and Wendy's boyfriend fight, and he throws her prior boyfriend out. Wendy's brother William has fallen in love with Natasha, a Russian ballerina. He learns Russian for a year to try to win her, succeeding, he moves to Saint Petersburg. Xavier and Wendy go to Russia at one point to stay with William and Natasha. Xavier and Wendy's relationship is going perfectly, until Celia calls Xavier to come and visit her, as she is staying in Moscow. Xavier goes to visit Celia, telling Wendy that he has to see the publishers in Moscow and that it is unavoidable. Xavier does not know that Wendy had looked at his cellphone, and saw that the number is not his publisher's, but in fact another woman's. Saying goodbye at the train station Wendy lays her true feelings on the line. Xavier, stunned, doesn't move and stays on the train as Wendy walks away crying. In Moscow, Celia and Xavier meet up and make love again but do not actually consummate their attraction. At one point in a club she asks Xavier to get her a glass of milk but then reluctantly leaves when she sees some old friends. Failing to connect that night via cell phone Xavier and Celia never meet again. Celia represents the perfect girl, the princess, the street of ideal proportions, the impossible dream girl Xavier has been seeking his whole life. Yet his is also aware that like the Street of Ideal proportions, she is ultimately uninteresting. Subsequently he returns to St. Petersburg but now Wendy, convinced that he had an affair whilst in Moscow, avoids him. At the end of the film, William and Natasha are married in front of family members and characters seen in L'Auberge Espagnole. Wendy's divorced parents begin to squabble on the cruise ship during the reception. Wendy has avoided Xavier in the time leading up to the wedding, but she is unhappy at seeing her parents arguing. Xavier comforts her and apologies for his past behavior. The film ends with Xavier and Wendy embracing. The sequel to Russian Dolls, and the third part of the trilogy is Casse Tete Chinois