Running Free takes place primarily in Namibia in 1914. A grey Arabian mare gives birth to a chestnut Arabian foal during the ship journey to Namibia to work in the copper mines. The foal is separated from his mother upon arrival at the mining town and nearly dies of starvation and dehydration. He is rescued by the town stable boy, Richard. The story is always told from Lucky's point of view as he is the narrator. Richard allows Lucky to live in the thoroughbred stable much to the resentment of Caeser, the resident stallion and prize horse of the town's owner. Lucky eventually leaves the town upon the death of his mother but returns due to sustaining a snakebite while wandering the desert. Richard medicates the bite with Ceaser's personal medicine. The owner of the town finds out through his spying son who tells him what Richard has done. Richard is then beaten by the town owner for stealing from his horse. Both Lucky and Richard resolve to leave the town for good on the grounds that nobody would miss them. They decide to look for a hidden lake in the mountains that was mentioned earlier in the film. While they wander the desert, they encounter a native girl. She shows them how to find eggs under the sand that are filled with water and properly treats Lucky's snake bite. Richard is forced to return to the mining town the next morning when three biplanes fly overhead and proceed to bomb the town. Richard releases the horses trapped in the stable. He is then dragged to an evacuation train against his will before the train tracks are bombed which would leave the town's inhabitants stranded. Lucky is left alone in the town. The other horses, especially Caeser treat him with contempt. He decides to leave and find the hidden lake alone. He vows to return one day and vanquish Caeser in the hopes that the other horse's fear of him will be lifted. After meeting various animals in the desert, Lucky finally finds the lake. The story now shifts to approximately two years later. Lucky returns to the town and wins in a fight against Caeser. The other horses, especially Caeser's daughter, Beauty, whom Lucky befriended as a foal, are joyful at Caeser's downfall and follow Lucky to the lake where they live a happy life as a herd with Lucky as their leader. Twelve years pass and Richard returns to the town via his own plane to look for Lucky. The town is in disrepair and devoid of life. He proceeds to fly into the desert in search of the lake. He sees the lake from the sky and lands to look for Lucky.He finds a young colt that looks just like Lucky, but appears to be Lucky's son. Richard follows the colt to the herd, where Lucky was. Lucky does not recognise the now adult Richard and rears up at him and almost tramples him. Richard then whistles at Lucky. Lucky recognises Richard's whistle and they rekindle their friendship.