It is 1973. Members of an undisciplined patrol of Louisiana Army National Guardsmen are meeting in the Bayou's swamps for weekend maneuvers. Corporal Hardin , a cynical transfer from the Texas National Guard, is disgusted with the behavior and arrogance of his new squad. A married man, he wants no part of a date with prostitutes that PFC Spencer  has waiting for the men. Nevertheless, he is befriended by the amiable Spencer, the two seeming to agree that they are the only level-headed soldiers in the squad. In the swamp, the patrol gets disoriented and will need to turn back unless they steal several pirogues . They end up frightening and angering local Cajun hunters as they return in time to see their boats being taken. PFC Stuckey  fires blanks from his M60 machine gun at the Cajuns as a prank. The threatened Cajuns fire back, killing the squad leader, Staff Sgt. Poole . The second-in-command, Sgt. Casper , orders the squad to continue the "mission." The squad discovers that Cpl. Lonnie Reece  secretly brought along a box of live ammunition for hunting purposes. Caspar divides the ammo evenly amongst the squad in order to better their chances of defense. Upon reaching the shack of a one-armed French-only speaking local Cajun hunter and trapper , Caspar orders he be placed under arrest. An emotionally unstable soldier, Cpl. "Coach" Bowden , then uses a jar filled with gasoline to burn the shack igniting the explosives inside, causing the house to be destroyed. The soldiers begin to feel more threatened. Hearing the barking of dogs, they hope they are about to be rescued. But the dogs belong to the Cajuns who are now hunting the soldiers because of Stuckey's stupid prank. A dog attacks Stuckey, but Spencer and Hardin manage to frighten the creature, and send it running away. The squad begins to realize that lethal traps have been set for them. PFC Tyrone Cribbs  walks into one and is speared to death. Cribbs and Poole are buried before the squad camps for the night. In the morning, Hardin sees Reece trying to get the captured Cajun to talk by dunking his head in the swamp. The two soldiers get into a fight. The Cajun directs Hardin's attention to a nearby tree and tells him to kill Reece. Hardin takes a bayonet and stabs Reece against the tree, finally killing him. The Cajun prisoner escapes and the squad buries Reece. The soldiers grow tired of Sgt. Casper due to his strict military regulations and inability to lead them out. Spencer assumes command and they decide to head for the interstate. Suddenly, Simms becomes frightened. He hears a noise and fires blanks fom his rifle. The soldiers run back towards him, but are not pleased and accuse him of wasting time. As they continue on their journey, Simms becomes frightened again, but this time, he sees a Cajun hunter and fires his blanks. The soldiers then discover that the Cajun hunters have dug up the bodies of the three dead soldiers and tied them to a tree. Horrified, they flee directly into more Cajun traps, but this time they are in the form of falling trees. They manage to avoid them all and reach a clearing. There, they fire blanks at the Cajun hunter while Simms and Casper take shelter behind a tree. The two men realise that they have nothing left except blanks. Casper throws a makeshift hand grenade towards the hunters, but he misses them. Spencer and Hardin fire into the maneuvering Cajuns and one goes down behind a tree. The men retreat and see an Army helicopter hovering overhead above the thick mass of trees. Stuckey runs after it, but he drowns in quicksand. The soldiers split up and search for Stuckey for a few hours, to no avail. A Cajun position is spotted, and Casper fixes his bayonet to his M16 rifle and charges, only to be shot dead. Simms  arrives on the scene and breaks down over the situation, only to be shot dead as well. The remaining group of Spencer, Hardin and the addled Bowden  escape and camp for the night. They awaken at morning's light by a freight train and discover train tracks nearby. Bowden is hanging in a noose from the bridge. The escaped Cajun prisoner appears on the train tracks overhead. Now speaking fluent English, he warns the two remaining men to leave the Cajuns' territory while they still can, giving them directions on how to get out. Spencer and Hardin make their way to a remote dirt road where they get a ride from a Cajun couple and are brought to the next town where the local Cajun community is celebrating with a party. As Hardin and Spencer go into a warehouse to get washed up, Hardin believes he spots two of the Cajun hunters getting off a boat. Spencer tells him he is paranoid and not to worry. Hardin is not convinced. He sees the two Cajuns speak to the man who gave him and Spencer a ride, followed by hangman nooses being thrown over a wooden frame. Hardin grabs a large knife and leaves the party. He is spotted, pursued back into the warehouse and shot through the shoulder by a third Cajun trapper, who then prepares to kill him. Meantime, a slaughtered pig is hung by the legs using the nooses and skinned and gutted. Spencer runs in firing blanks from his rifle. The distracted Cajun turns his gun on him, but the injured Hardin stabs the Cajun in the inner thigh. Spencer runs as the two Cajuns Hardin saw on the boat enter the room. Spencer knocks one of them out with his rifle, only to see another Cajun blocking his exit from the warehouse. As the Cajun is about to shoot Spencer, Hardin grabs him and Spencer stabs the Cajun with a fixed bayonet. The pair leave the town and see an Army helicopter overhead and an unidentified truck coming towards them. The film ends as they see the truck bears U.S. Army markings.