Spy School is a movie about a boy named Thomas Miller, who has cultivated an infamous reputation at his school for telling tall tales or what some would call outrageous lies as a way of dealing with the divorce of his parents. No one believes anything he says anymore, not even his best friend Jackie Hoffman . He lives a normal life lying through school, getting in trouble with the principal frequently as a result, attempting to attract the attention of various girls, while ignoring the affection Jackie displays for him. When she overtly displays her romantic feelings for him by kissing him, he reacts indifferently, and she walks away, hurt. However, things take a turn for the worst when one day he overhears a dastardly plot to kidnap the President's daughter, upon her arrival at the school. Now, having spurned Jackie, and no one else believing in him, Thomas sets off to save the First Daughter. Thomas noticed a particular ringtone on the kidnapper's phone, and thus hears it several times as the newly arrived substitutes ringtone, a friendly janitor, and the principal of the school. He begins to see conspiracies everywhere, and with no one to turn to after spurning Jackie, sets off on his own. He hides in the back of the substitutes van to escape being grounded, then proceeds to infiltrate the school on the night of the dance, believing the principal to be the evil mastermind. Before he does, he goes to Jackie to make one last plea, and apologizes for hurting her. Seeing the truth in his words, she agrees to help him. However, they find several twists in who's friend or foe. They run through the school, searching for the mastermind before finally finding the true villain to be a rejected Secret Service Agent named Grissom, who had psychological problems. He captures them, and attempts to seal them away, but they escape. Thomas and Jackie head to the dance floor, enlisting the help of the now befriended substitute, who turned out to be a Secret Service Agent, and find Grissom just as he snags the President's daughter. Grissom drags her to the roof, and only Thomas is able to catch up to him. Grissom manages to capture Thomas too, and drags him onto the helicopter. Thomas's dad, upon realizing where Thomas is, drives his garbage truck right under the helicopter, and convince both of the children to jump, and they land safely in the back of the truck. Grissom is captured by the Secret Service. After everyone has left, Thomas walking the original girl of his dreams home for the night at Jackie's selfless urging, he returns to Jackie, and says "That you're the girl ." Thus, they walk off into the night to return tommorrow for Thomas Miller's celebratory dance as a hero.