{{Plot}} In Bedrock, a drunken and pregnant Toot is informed that someone has come to see her. The visitor turns out to be her old housemate Foxxy Love, who tries to tell her that their lives are in danger. This then flashes back to six months prior. Foxxy discovers that she can swear without being censored. When she discovers the show's control room, she realizes that the TV show Drawn Together has been cancelled. The housemates check their TV listings and find out that their time slot had been taken over by a TV show called "The Suck My Taint Show". Foxxy calls the network to find out why they were cancelled. The Network Head, upon hearing from Foxxy, learns that the housemates are still alive and summons I.S.R.A.E.L. , a robot designed specifically to erase cartoon characters. The Jew Producer warns the housemates before I.S.R.A.E.L. shows up, but he manages to escape just in time inside Foxxy's van. Once they escape from I.S.R.A.E.L., Foxxy insists that the way for them to survive is to get their TV show back on the air, and suggests that they can seek out the Suck My Taint Girl for help. Clara, refusing to believe that she is not a real princess, wants to return to her kingdom, claiming that her father can protect them. Captain Hero, Xandir, and Ling-Ling decide to go with Clara, while Spanky and Wooldoor decide to go with Foxxy to try to get their show back on the air. While the others are arguing, Toot steals the van and drives off alone. Back at the network, the Jew Producer tells the Network Head that he cannot bring himself to have the housemates erased, having become attached to them. The Jew Producer states that he will not help the Network Head with his mission, but the Network Head reveals that he has kidnapped the Jew Producer's son as a threat. The Jew Producer reluctantly agrees to help, and he and I.S.R.A.E.L. take off in pursuit of the housemates once again. Clara, Hero, Molly , Xandir, and Ling-Ling arrive at Clara's kingdom, expecting to find refuge. However, nobody there seems to recognize Clara. She encounters the king of the land, who is not her father, and even more shockingly, she sees a woman who appears to be the "real" princess. The guards end up killing Clara, but the other three manage to escape. Meanwhile, Foxxy, Spanky, and Wooldoor visit the set of The Suck My Taint Show and meet the Suck My Taint Girl, who reveals herself to be a fan of the housemates' show. She tells the group that they were cancelled because vulgar and offensive content is only acceptable when your show "makes a point", and that if they want to get Drawn Together back on the air, they will need to get a point, which they can do by making a visit to Make-A-Point Land. She tells Foxxy that if she will bring the rest of the Drawn Together gang to meet her, she will take them to Make-A-Point Land. After tracking down the others, the remaining group return to the set of The Suck My Taint Show. The Suck My Taint Girl agrees to take the rest of the group to Make-A-Point Land so they can get a point. The wizard of Make-A-Point Land agrees to give the group a point, and presents them with a box containing said point. Spanky protests by claiming that they should not open the box; that he is happier being disgusting for no reason. Some others agree with Spanky. Wooldoor disagrees, determined to get back on the air. He opens the box to find out it contains an eraser bomb which erases him from existence. The wizard explains he was forced to give them the box with an eraser bomb. It is then that the Network Head, the Jew Producer, and I.S.R.A.E.L. show up to erase the remaining cast. Foxxy asks how they knew they were going to the palace, and the Suck My Taint Girl reveals that she blackmailed them and is the Network Head's wife. I.S.R.A.E.L. prepares to kill the housemates, but The Jew Producer manages to convince I.S.R.A.E.L. that they have a right to exist as she does. She then impales the Network Head on a spike. The Network Head then opens his coat to reveal that he had enough explosive erasers strapped to his waist to destroy all of Make-A-Point Land. As The Network Head drops the remote to explode Make-A-Point Land, The Suck My Taint Girl tries to grab it, but the Jew Producer dives on top of her to stop her. The housemates then make a getaway. The Jew Producer and the Suck My Taint Girl struggle for possession of the detonator, in the process dropping it, erasing all of Make-A-Point Land, including themselves. The housemates make it out just in time. The housemates visit the remains of the erased Drawn Together house. The Jew Producer's son shows up to inform them that he might be able to help them by giving them a direct-to-DVD movie. Everyone happily laughs until Spanky accidentally steps on an eraser bomb caught in the ground, erasing them all from existence.