Situated in the early 1980s, the plot focuses on Cindy Fralick, a parking enforcement officer who is uninspired by her job. One day, she witnesses the injuries of an accident and she decides she wants to help people. She considers applying at the fire department, but feels discouraged because there are no female firefighters in Los Angeles. She passes the writing exams, but the people at the oral exams has no trust that she will ever be strong enough for the physical tests. When her husband suddenly files for divorce, she at first changes her mind about her career ambitions, until her best friend Sharon encourages her not to give up. The fire department staff doesn't take her training seriously, but she proves to be one of the best during physical tests. Cindy soon becomes the talk of the town, earning the respect of all her co-trainees. After the training, she becomes the first woman since sixty years to pass the tests. She enters the academy, but is required to cut her hair short. She is treated horribly and she considers dropping out. Her chief encourages her to allow herself to get used to the military treatment, assuring her it will only take nine weeks. After finally becoming an official firefighter, she gets a lot of media attention. This upsets her, as she just wanted a job, not desiring to be anyone's hero. Her colleagues are initially annoyed by her, because they feel they can't be themselves in the presence of a woman. However, she is soon one of the guys and wins the heart from fellow firefighter Mike. On her first real job, she wins the respect of her bosses by not showing any fear of the fire. She starts going out with Mike, but he soon irritates her. She thinks it's because he isn't romantic enough, but Sharon feels that it's to soon for her to be involved with someone since the divorce. Meanwhile, she decides to change to a paramedic, but still has to deal with the prejudice. In the end, she is the one who saves a heroin addict who overdoses. She decides not to end her relationship with Mike.