The film focuses on several characters. One of the main protagonists, Dean , has been a waiter for four years since graduating from high school, and hasn't earned a degree during his four years at a community college. When Dean learns from his mother  that a former high school classmate, Chett , now has a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering, he begins to rethink his direction-less life. Dean's lecherous friend and co-worker, Monty , is in exactly the same situation, but has accepted that his future lies with the restaurant, Shenaniganz. Monty is put in charge of training Mitch , a newly hired waiter who is constantly interrupted throughout most of the film. Also working with Dean is Calvin , a hopeless romantic who cannot urinate in public, and Dan , the uptight manager who is grooming Dean as his protégé. Rounding out the staff are 17-year old hostess Natasha , abrasive waitress Naomi , waitress  Serena , Dean's girlfriend and fellow waitress Amy , stoner bus-boys T-Dog and Nick , head chef Raddamus , the insane, unsanitary chef Floyd , lesbian bartender Tyla , and the pensive and philosophical dishwasher Bishop . The waiters preoccupy themselves with endless gossip, complaining about the customers, seeking covert revenge on particularly rude patrons, and playing a special kind of game which involves flashing genitalia at a fellow worker . Each employee has his or her own problems and stories, which are interwoven with the ebb and flow of business. A common phrase used throughout the film, which is referred to in the Shenaniganz training video is "The only thing different between extraordinary and ordinary, is that little bit of extra!" This phrase is mocked by many of the wait staff during the film. Minutes before the restaurant closes, however, Chett and his girlfriend come in for dinner and leave Dean a hefty tip out of pity. This prompts Dean to quit his job &mdash; turning down an assistant manager position Dan offered him at the beginning of the film &mdash; to seek a more promising future. When the shift ends, the staff head to a party at Monty and Dean's house. At the party, Monty is able to resist having sex with Natasha , Calvin attempts to fix his relationship problems, and Mitch bashes most members of the staff after being constantly interrupted throughout the day. He concludes by giving them all The Goat from the "Penis Showing Game," which Raddimus had told him earlier that if it is achieved, will instantly grant the man god-status. Sure enough, Monty swears his undying allegiance to him. The film ends with the staff talking about the incident with Mitch, Dan showing up at a disgruntled customers' house after Natasha gave him the wrong address to the party, and the hip hop music video debut of Nick and T-Dog.