Patrick and Louise lose their daughter Alice, on her 10th birthday, after a deranged dog mauls her. After one year, they move to Wake Wood, an isolated village. The village leader Arthur, tells them about a ritual to bring Alice back, but for three days. They agree, however, the ritual requires one of Alice's fingers, someone's corpse, and female blood. Patrick and Louise tell Peggy, an eldery neighbor, that they want to bring Alice back, but want to use her recently deceased husband's remains. She tells them they can. They also dig up her grave and pull of one of her fingers. Louise is horrified at this. The ritual starts. The corpse is removed of the spinal cord and severed in the abdomen area. Alice's finger is put in it's mouth. After chanting Alice's name, the corpse is covered in marsh and burned. The head is cut off and Alice emerges, covered in blood and naked. Louise and Patrick take her home and give her a shower. She says she had such a strange dream, people were chanting her name. On the first day, after playing joyfully with Patrick and Louise, she goes to sit by a tree and takes notice of a dead raven, saying why someone would do that. While Louise and Patrick are sleeping, Alice takes some of her toys and pulls a doll out of a garbage bag, similar to the way she emerged out of the corpse. Peggy comes and asks Alice if she wants to ride her pony. After Alice finishes riding it, Peggy tries to record Alice's record on an abacus, bribing her by cookies and a horse. However, Alice tells her parents she doesn't like Peggy and leaves. Throughout the days, Alice starts screaming and passes out for brief periods of time, similar to the way she died, although she recovers minutes later. After accidentally hitting a mutt with his car, Patrick takes it back and with his veternarian skills, is able to heal it. Alice decides to keep it as a pet, although the next morning, its slaughter corpse is hung on the door. Arthur tells them that they need to put Alice back in the ground, because of the strange events occurring, although Louise and Patrick refuse, as now they have their daughter back. On the third day, a woman named Mary comes to the house, saying its the last day and Patrick and Louise have to be strong. Louise discovers she is pregnant, and this is a shock, because she previously thought she had reached menopause. Alice believes they are going to replace her with the baby. Mary gives them a device they can use to calm Alice down during the night, which can clamp her wrists and head. Alice goes to Peggy's house. Peggy uses the device, although it has little effect on Alice and she is killed. They take her to the forest to bury her, although Alice tries all she can to escape, not wanting to be on her own. Finally, Alice dies, and tearfully, Louise buries her, telling her a story about a girl lost in the forest. Louise and Patrick cry together, however, Alice's hand stretches out of the ground and pulls Louise down. Some time later, Patrick returns to Louise's pharmacy and finds a brush with some of Louise's hair. A very pregnant Louise is resurrected with no memory of the events of the film. After taking a shower, Patrick takes the device that Mary gave them and puts it on the night stand.