A centuries long war between humans and vampires has devastated the planet's surface and led to a theocracy under the mandate of an organization known only as The Church, led by the Clergy. The Church has constructed walled cities to protect mankind and developed a group of elite warriors, the Priests, to turn the tide against the vampires. The majority of the vampires were killed, while the remainder were placed in reservations. With the war over, the Clergy disbands the Priests. Outside the walled cities, some humans eke out a living, free from the totalitarian control of the Church. Priest is approached by Hicks, the sheriff of a free town. Priest learns that his brother and his wife - Priest's girlfriend before he entered the priesthood - were mortally wounded in a vamp-attack, and Priest's niece, Lucy, was kidnapped. Hicks asks for Priest's assistance in rescuing Lucy. Priest asks the Clergy to reinstate his authority, but Church leader Monsignor Orelas does not believe the vampire story and refuses. Priest leaves the city and Orelas sends three Priests and a Priestess to bring him back. Priest and Hicks arrive at Nightshade Reservation where humans called Familiars, people infected with a pathogen that makes them subservient to the vampires, live alongside a number of the surviving vampires. After a fierce battle the pair discovers that most of the vampires have taken shelter in Sola Mira, a vampire hive where Priest lost several of his comrades during a major battle in the war. Priestess joins them at Sola Mira, revealing an unrequited bond with Priest. The trio destroys a Hive Guardian vampire, then discover that the vampires have bred a new army and dug a tunnel out of the mountain towards a town called Jericho. The other three Priests have arrived at Jericho, just as night falls and an armored train arrives, unleashing hundreds of vampires upon the population. The vampires are led by a powerful and mysterious human wearing a black hat. When the three Priests reject Black Hat's offer to join him he kills them all. The next morning Priest, Priestess, and Hicks arrive in Jericho and discover the town empty and the three dead Priests. Priest realizes that the vampires have been using the trains to travel by day and attack the free towns by night, with the walled city at the end of the trainline. The Priests tells the others that factories, producing massive clouds of smoke and ash, deprive the city of sunlight, so the vamp-attack would be a slaughter. While Priestess rushes ahead to plant a bomb on the railroad tracks, Priest and Hicks board the train to rescue Lucy. Battling vampires and Familiars, the two are finally overpowered by Black Hat just as they find Lucy. Black Hat reveals that he was among the Priests who were defeated in the final wartime attack on the vampire hive at Sola Mira and that after being captured the vampire Queen gave him her blood, turning him into the first Vampire-Human hybrid. As Priest fights Black Hat, it is revealed to Lucy that Priest is her father. Priestess battles several Familiars, finally placing the explosives on her motor bike and ramming it into the train engine. The explosion kills the vampires and seemingly engulfs Black Hat in fire, while Hicks, Priest, Priestess, and Lucy are able to escape. Priest returns to the city and confronts Monsignor Orelas, telling him of the burnt train containing the vampires' bodies. He proves this by throwing a vampire head onto the floor. Orelas refuses to believe him, declaring that the war is over. Outside the city Priest meets Priestess and she reveals that the other Priests have been notified and will meet them at a rendezvous point. Priest sets off into the sunset.