Mickey Mouse is hosting a radio talent show in front of a live audience. The film opens with Pete singing an ungraceful version of "Asleep in the Deep," but Mickey rings a gong signaling the end of the performance. Despite Pete's determination to finish the song, a pair of robotic hands remove him forcefully. Mickey then introduces the next act, Donald Duck. Donald first presents an apple to Mickey in an attempt to win him over prematurely. But Donald's act, a recitation of "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star", ends badly as he forgets the words. Mickey rings the gong and Donald is removed from stage. Just as Mickey is announcing the next act, a disgruntled Donald returns to take back the apple. The next act, as introduced by Mickey, are "the two Claras: Cluck and Belle." Clara Cluck sings a clucking version of the "Il Bacio" waltz by Luigi Arditi accompanied by Clarabelle Cow on piano. Although Clara struggles with the swinging microphone, the performance is the first to avoid being "gonged." After this Donald Duck returns to stage with a submachine gun and, holding Mickey and the audience at gunpoint, determines to complete "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star" again. But he again forgets the words, and when the audience laughs at him, he opens fire. The robotic hands grab Donald and takes him off stage in a hurry.Some released versions of the film omitted this scene which was determined too violent. The most recent release however is of the film in its original version. Mickey emerges from behind the podium and introduces the final act: Goofy and his "50-piece band" which turns out to be a multi-instrumental contraption/vehicle from which he can play many instruments at once. Goofy begins by playing "In the Good Old Summer Time," and then "There'll Be a Hot Time in the Old Town Tonight."  But the tempo and intensity of the song is too much for the machine which eventually self-desctructs. Goofy emerges from the wreckage and humorously admits "It busted!" But just then Donald Duck breaks out of Goofy's bandmaster hat and very quickly recites a word perfect recitation of "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star." As Donald finishes, the "iris out" effect which ends the cartoon closes on his neck. He struggles to force it open but it finally closes. This is a rare instance of a Disney cartoon breaking the fourth wall.