Barney Panofsky is living with his best friend Boogie  in Rome. He marries the mentally disturbed and unfaithful Clara Charnofsky  after she tells him she is pregnant with his child. Barney later finds out the child is not his, and he demands they separate. Clara commits suicide, and a devastated Barney decides to return home to Montreal. Barney soon gets a job back home and meets the woman who becomes his nameless second wife , the daughter of a wealthy Jewish family. At their lavish wedding, Barney meets Miriam Grant , and immediately falls in love. He tells Miriam his feelings for her that night but she rejects him. Despite his marriage, Barney sends Miriam flowers and gifts. Barney later picks up Boogie, who is in the middle of detox therapy, for a few days at Barney's lake house. He eventually finds Boogie in bed with his wife. Barney is at first overjoyed that he has an excuse to divorce her and pursue Miriam, but questions Boogie's integrity. The two argue, firing rounds from Barney's gun into the air before Barney collapses onto his dock and passes out, and a drunk Boogie falls back into the lake. When Barney awakens, it appears that he has shot Boogie. An abusive detective  tries to beat a confession out of Barney until Barney's father, Izzy , intervenes. Barney is let go when they cannot find a body. Barney continues to believe that Boogie ran away and throughout the movie waits for him to reappear. With his divorce finalized, Barney asks Miriam out on a date. He travels to New York City to meet her, and they finally begin a relationship. They marry and have two children as Barney gets a job producing a television series. Izzy later dies in a brothel, causing Barney to laugh and cry and call his father a "King". Barney and Miriam live happily until, on another vacation to the lake house, Barney meets Blair , who is trying to get a job in Miriam's line of work. Both Blair and Miriam travel to the city to try and use Miriam's contacts. Barney gets drunk at a bar and ends up sleeping with a former actress on his show. Miriam finds out about her husband's infidelity and the two divorce. Miriam later marries Blair, which contributes to Barney's mental deterioration. Years later, Boogie's body is discovered in the mountains near the lake house, apparently dead from injuries suggestive of a sky diving accident. Barney continues his slide into progressive dementia, which causes his daughter to look after him. He realizes he is losing his memory and, while they lunch at their favorite restaurant, begs Miriam to agree to be buried next to him. She agrees to think about it, and begins crying in the restroom. When she returns to the table, Barney is gone. She finds him wandering, whereupon he starts rambling about their life together. Barney's condition worsens until his death. While his children are helping settle some of his affairs at the lake house, they observe a "water bomber" plane scoop up water from the lake, and dump it on the mountain side fire—showing the children  what had probably happened to Boogie.  The final scene shows Miriam visiting his grave, leaving roses at a tombstone bearing both of their names.