The story is set in Indian state of Goa and takes place mainly at a Catholic family home where Steven  and his wife Nancy  live with his parents. When the story opens, it is the day of Steven's father's funeral and, while in the process of organising this event, Steven and Nancy plan to purchase a flat and move away from the parental home. Steven's brother Brian , a renowned novelist living in Mumbai, would rather spend his money on a First Class airline ticket to Goa than help finance the funeral, leaving Steven to cover the burial expenses. As guests begin to arrive at the family home, where a brief service is being held, he struggles to complete a eulogy, although everyone expects Brian the writer will be the one to deliver some appropriate remarks. Steven's cousin Maria  and her boyfriend Michael  are desperate to make a good impression on Maria's uptight father. Their hopes for doing so are dashed when Maria, hoping to calm Michael's nerves, gives him what she believes is Relaxo but actually is a designer hallucinogenic drug manufactured by her rockstar brother, Harry . While on the way to the funeral, Michael begins to feel its effect. A short man named Andrew  introduces himself to Steven, who is too busy to speak to him at that moment and suggests they talk later. None of Steven's relatives can identify the man. The service begins and the hallucinating Michael, certain he hears scratching noises in the coffin, tips it over, allowing the body to spill out onto the floor. During the ensuing chaos, Maria and Harry drag Michael outside, where their father forbids Maria to marry Michael. When Micheal is told why he is reacting as he is, he panics and locks himself in the upstairs bathroom. Maria tries to persuade him to open the door while fending off the unwelcome advances of Jim, who has a crush on her. When the drug overcomes Michael, he steps out of the window wearing just his superman boxers and a tie and sees Jim kissing Maria. Thinking what he sees reflects mutual feelings, he proceeds to climb onto the roof, where he threatens to jump. Hoping to calm him, Maria reveals she is pregnant with their child. While most of the guests are caught up in Michael's seeming insanity, Andrew meets privately with Steven and Brian and reveals he was their father's lover. Unhappy he was left nothing in their father's will, Andrew reveals photographs that prove his relationship, and attempts to blackmail the family for Rs. 20,00,000. The brothers panic and bind and gag Andrew. Steven's best friend Carlos  enters the room and asks what they are doing. The brothers quickly lie that Andrew is having sezures and to calm him down they give him the Relaxing drug they also believe is Relaxo. Harry then enters and seees Carlos holding the Relaxo bottle and freaks out because Carlos, Brian, and Steven gave Andrew three highly hallucinogenic pills. Somehow, Andrew manages to free himself as all four boys are busy trying to calm their guests, but in his drug-induced state he jumps repeatedly on the sofa before falling and hitting his head on a glass coffee table; Harry and Carlos cannot feel a pulse, so they believe Andrew to be dead. Forced to dispose of the body as quickly and surreptitiously as possible, Steven and Brian decide to place it in the casket with their father. The service resumes, and Steven's awkward eulogy is interrupted when the still very-much-alive Andrew who leaps from the coffin and the compromising photos fall out of his pocket for everyone, including the widow, to see. Steven demands everyone stay calm and declares his father was a good man, although clearly one with secrets, and he delivers a loving tribute to the man. Later Andrew reveals that he is not a lover of Steven's father and it was a made up story by him to take the revenge on the family. In the end, Maria's father agrees that she and Micheal should get married, Harry decides to give up his drug habit, Jenny stops accusing Carlos of cheating on her, and Brian agrees to take his widowed mom to live with him in Mumbai.