Richie Bloom  is the last white kid on the block in the tough Stony Island neighborhood on Chicago’s South Side. A sweetly naive 18 year-old guitar player, he dreams of putting together his first band. Richie has the perfect musical collaborator in his best friend, Kevin Tucker , who has a voice second only to James Brown. Richie buys a used Les Paul model electric guitar from Jerry Domino , who owns a tropical fish emporium, but also runs a few other "businesses" on the side. Percy Price  is a local legend on the saxophone. The kids used to listen to him practicing at night when they were growing up. Percy agrees to help Richie and Kevin to form a group, letting them practice at the local mortuary where he works. However, the owner Lewis Moss  wants to sell the business to the local Alderman, who plans to turn it into a disco. Richie, Kevin and Percy begin to put the band together, searching the city for horn players. Richie stumbles upon Harold Tate , a hillbilly sax player, while Harold is washing windows at the music store where Richie works. Harold's mean uncle yanks him away from an impromptu jam session before Richie can get his name or address. Richie scours the city to find the young wunderkind and then hilariously conspires with Kevin to get Harold a horn to play. The band starts coming together, and Percy even manages to set up their first gig in a club where blues legend B.B. King often performs. However, annoyed with the music during a customer’s funeral, Alderman Waller orders Mr. Moss to fire Percy, and the group must find a new place to practice. Fortunately, Jerry Domino lets the kids use a rehearsal space above his tropical fish emporium. During a rehearsal, Percy has a heart attack while playing a solo, and dies. Stunned by their mentor’s death, the kids sadly take his body back to the mortuary for a courtesy funeral. However, Mr. Moss informs them that Percy's insurance policy had lapsed, and callously demands they pay the funeral cost or take Percy's body to the County morgue. But Mr. Moss makes the mistake of calling Ronnie Roosevelt , a man listed as "next-of-kin" on Percy's lapsed insurance policy. Mr. Moss tricks Ronnie into believing that he is the beneficiary of the policy, when in fact, Mr. Moss only hopes to sell him an expensive funeral service for Percy. Ronnie is a New Orleans piano man with a soulful voice and a voodoo attitude. He is outraged to learn that he was duped into coming to Chicago and he threatens Mr. Moss with an especially unpleasant form of death. As if by magic, Mr. Moss is found dead at his expensive home, and the kids decide to take matters into their own hands. When Kevin learns it will be a closed casket ceremony for Mr. Moss, he and Kevin switch Percy's and Mr. Moss' bodies, so that Percy will get the expensive funeral. That night the mortuary is filled with music and musicians as they celebrate a New Orleans style wake. Mr. Moss' body ends up in the autopsy room of the County Morgue. The Stony Island Band’s debut is a smash. The evening is dedicated to Percy, whose spirit arrives just in time to finish the solo he was playing when he died.