The story begins with Hannah, a young Jewish teen, as she is completing her senior year of high school. Her small neighborhood in Brooklyn is falling apart and SING! is one of the only traditions keeping the neighborhood alive. Newly arrived teacher, Miss Lombardo grew up in the neighborhood but returned to be their Sing Leader. One cold Christmas night, Miss Lombardo is leaving a neighborhood party when a young man hails her a cab, then attempts to mug her. In self defense, she bites his hand to release his grip and he screams in pain and terror, quickly making an exit. The cab driver jokes about not starting the meter yet. On the first day of school, Miss Lombardo runs into difficulty when her students are uninterested and misbehaved. One such student was named Dominic who gets scolded for bringing stolen watches to school grounds and putting his feet up on the desk. On the day of Sing Leader elections, Miss Lombardo recognizes Dominic as her mugger by the bandage on his hand and decides to blackmail him into being co-Sing Leader of the Senior class along with Hannah, who was rightfully elected. The school kids work hard to plan their Sing productions. Hannah and Dominic clash along the way as Hannah uses traditional Sing planning strategies while Dominic wants to introduce the flavor of the youth in the neighborhood. In order to put Dominic and Hannah on the same page, Miss Lombardo suggests that Hannah accompany Dominic to a local club. At first, the two are equally hesitant but Hannah agrees on the terms that it is not a date. However, by the end of the night, Hannah uses Dominic to make her ex boyfriend, Mickey, jealous, and due to this, Hannah and Dominic start seeing each other in a different light. Dominic accompanies Hannah on her walk home and the two share a romantic kiss. Once the two are finally uniting and getting along, the Dept. of Education informs the school that it will close its doors forever at the end of this semester and therefore, there will not be enough resources for them to complete this year's Sing. This fuels the kids to work even harder on their productions and the neighborhood comes together even more to help finance the show, despite the school authorities' ban. Ironically, just as things are starting to look up, Dominic reluctantly accompanies his brother on a robbery of Hannah's mother's diner, their sole source of income which already was at risk of failure due to the school's upcoming closure. A classmate saw Dominic standing outside the diner at the time of the crime and informed Hannah of what he saw. Devastated, Hannah confronts Dominic and he promises to get the money back for her. He then steals the money back from his brother and returns it to the diner, restoring Hannah's faith in him. The recent events had discouraged Dominic from fulfilling his co-Sing leader duties and he had been skipping out on rehearsals. In a moment of great need as the senior's main performer falls unconscious, Dominic steps in to save the show. He sheds his bad-boy demeanor and exceeds all expectations. The underclassmen and seniors perform to a record-high sold out audience. At the end of the show, Hannah makes a moving speech motivating the community to rejoice and always remember that despite compromising circumstances, they completed a successful Sing and proved their community's worth.