After the wedding of Eleanor and Bob Lindsay, a doctor named Helen Jackson had a discussion with Detective Nelson ([[Spencer Williams  and Jackson's attorney asking the them to come over to her place so she can change her will. When Dr.Jackson works in her office she is approached by her brother Zeno, who insist that on Jackson's visits to Africa she must have taken gold and hidden it in her office. In response, Dr.Jackson hits a gong which calls upon the monster N'Gina, a missing link monster who she has taken from her previous trip to Africa. Jackson's brother leaves terrified. At the Lindsay's wedding, an explosion erupts, which leads most party-goers to investigate with only Eleanor staying at home. Eleanor is then visited by Dr.Jackson, who explains that she was in love with Eleanor's father and that she had fled to Africa later after he married Eleanor's mother. Later in her laboratory, Jackson works on a potion for the benefit of human race. N'Gina takes the potion and drinks it which causes N'Gina to go on a rampage which kills Jackson. The Lindsays later find that they are beneficiaries in Helen's will, and due to her sudden death they are initially suspected of murdering her. Later, the Lindsays are acquitted of the crime, and move into Helen's manor. Eleanor soon discovers that food is mysteriously disappearing. Bradshaw, the executor of the will, comes to urge them to sell the house, and while rummaging through the desk, he carelessly rings the gong, which summons N'Gina from the hiding place in the cellar. N'Gina reacts to the stranger and kills Bradshaw. Detective Nelson is assigned to solve the mystery of the house and moves into the home. Zeno breaks into the couple's bedroom, but escapes when Eleanor accidentally hits Bob instead of Zeno. After seeing N'Gina emerge from the basement, Zeno follows N'Gina's path to seize Helen's gold. Zeno finds the gold but is caught by N'Gina who drags Zeno upstairs for Nelson to find. Eleanor spots N'Gina and faints at the sight the creature. N'Gina then carries Eleanor downstairs. When Nelson finds Zeno's body he awakens Bob who searches for Eleanor. N'Gina accidentally starts a fire, and Eleanor's screams draw Bob and Nelson into the basement where Nelson fails to arrest N'Gina. Bob, however, succeeds in locking the beast in a cell while the house and N'Gina burn. Nelson emerges from the bushes outside with the bags of gold while Bob and Eleanor escape unharmed.