 In September 2006, young couple Katie and Micah have recently moved to the suburbs. Katie claims that an "evil" presence has haunted her periodically since childhood and believes that it is still following her. Each night, Micah mounts a video camera on a tripod in their bedroom to record any activity that occurs while they sleep. The first night, the camera records running footstep noises. Katie hires psychic Dr. Fredrichs, who assesses that she is being haunted not by a ghost but by a demon. He says the demon feeds off negative energy and its intent is to torment Katie no matter where she goes. He advises them not to taunt or communicate with the demon and to contact demonologist Dr. Johann Abrams for help. Though Katie seems interested in the situation, Micah does not take it seriously. During the third night, the camera captures a low rumble and the bedroom door moving by itself. On the fifth night, demonic noises are heard before Katie awakes from a nightmare before a loud thump is heard from the living room. Micah begins to taunt the demon and the phenomena worsen. On the thirteenth night, Katie is awoken by a noise in the hallway before a screech and a loud thud. The chandelier is found to be swaying when they investigate downstairs. Micah later captures a demonic grunt with a voice recorder. During the fifteenth night, Katie gets up and stares at Micah sleeping for two hours before going outside to sit on the backyard swing. Micah tries to convince Katie to come inside but she refuses. When Micah goes inside to get her a blanket, he hears a bang in the bedroom and finds the bedroom TV turned on. Micah is then startled by Katie, who followed him inside but says that he woke her up. Katie remembers nothing the next day. Katie, irritated by Micah's flippant response to the situation, becomes irate when Micah brings home a Ouija board despite Dr. Fredrichs' warnings. The two go out of the house that evening, leaving the Ouija board in the living room. The curtains and plants start to blow around and the Ouija board's planchette moves on its own and small fire erupts on the board and extinguishes itself. During the seventeenth night, Micah sprinkles talcum powder in the hallway and when the couple is awoken by noises, they find non-human footprints leading to the bedroom from the attic. In the attic, Micah finds a burnt photograph of a young Katie, which was previously thought to have been destroyed in an unexplained house fire when Katie was eight years old. On the eighteenth night, loud footsteps wake the couple up and are heard running out of the bedroom slamming the door. The demon continues to close and bang on the door when they leave to investigate. Dr. Abrams is unavailable when Micah finally agrees to invite him, so Dr. Fredrichs comes instead. Upon his arrival, Dr. Fredrichs immediately has a sense of dread and apologetically leaves despite their pleas for his help, stating that his presence is only making the demon angry. During the nineteenth night, the bed covers move, the closet light turns on and off and a shadow is seen on the door before Katie is woken up by breathing in her face. Micah discovers a woman from the 1960s with the same haunting who became possessed during an exorcism and killed herself. Katie is pulled out of the bedroom toward the closet by an unknown force during the twentieth night and discovers bite marks on her back. Later Micah finds Katie gripping a cross so tightly that it bloodies her palm. Just as he is set to leave for a motel, Katie insists that they will be okay now, her voice flat with another voice in tandem with her own.  The following night Katie gets out of bed and stands beside it staring at Micah for approximately two hours and then walks downstairs. After a moment of silence, Katie screams Micah's name, waking Micah who rushes to her. The camera records Katie screaming incessantly. Then Katie's screaming stops and a brief silence is followed by the sound of heavy footsteps coming up the stairs. After another brief silence, Micah's body is violently hurled at the camera, knocking it over sideways and revealing Katie standing in the doorway. She then slowly walks into the room, her clothing soaked with blood. Crouching over his body, she sniffs Micah's body and then slowly looks up at the camera with a sly smile. As she lunges toward the camera, her face takes on a demonic appearance just as the scene cuts to black. An epilogue text states that Micah's body was discovered by the police on October 11, 2006, and that Katie's whereabouts remain unknown.   In its original version, the film featured a different ending. In this version, after going downstairs on the final night and waking Micah with a scream, only Katie is shown returning to the bedroom, holding a large bloody kitchen knife, her shirt bloodied. She sits beside the bed, holding the knife and rocking herself, until about 2 p.m. the next day, when her friend Amber calls and leaves a message expressing her concern. At about 9:20 p.m. that night, Katie is still sitting and rocking by the bed, and Amber can be heard entering the house. During this short period, Katie stops rocking, but when Amber screams  and runs out of the house, she resumes her motion. Half an hour later, just after 9:50 p.m., police enter the home and discover Micah's body as well. As they are checking Micah for vital signs, a light turns on in the bedroom down the hallway, but before the police see it, the light turns off again. They discover Katie, still sitting beside the bed with the knife. As they call to her, she wakes from her catatonic state and seems confused. As she approaches them, knife in hand, calling for Micah, they ask her to drop the weapon. Suddenly the bedroom door behind the police officers slams shut, startling them and causing them to shoot Katie, who collapses on the floor. The police then call dispatch and check the bedroom at the end of the hall, but find nothing. They discover the video camera, still running. A dedication to and a picture of Katie and Micah are then shown. The original ending for the film was available for a time for viewing on the Internet before Paramount exerted a claim of copyright on the material.{{cite news|urlSo What Was 'Paranormal Activity's Original Ending?|lastWilliam |dateHorror Squad|accessdate"oreninterview">{{cite web}} In this ending, Katie gets out of bed and stands staring at Micah, as she did in the theatrical ending, except she does not move to Micah's side of the bed. About three hours pass, then she finally goes downstairs. She lets out a blood-curdling scream, which wakes Micah up and he runs downstairs. The screaming continues, and the sounds of a struggle are heard before the noises abruptly stop. There is silence for a short while before loud footsteps are heard on the stairs. Katie then walks into the bedroom, Micah's blood covering her shirt, with a knife in her hand. She closes and locks the bedroom door, before walking up to the camera, standing idle briefly. She then lifts the knife and slits her own throat, then falls to the floor, dead.