In 2415, after a virus in 2011 wiped out 99% of the Earth's population, all of the survivors inhabit Bregna, a walled city-state, which is ruled by a congress of scientists. Although Bregna is idyllic, people are routinely disappearing and everyone is suffering from bad dreams. Æon Flux is a member of the 'Monicans', an underground rebel organization who communicate through telepathy-enabling technology and are led by The Handler. After a mission to destroy a surveillance station, Æon comes home to find her sister Una has been killed for being mistaken for a Monican. When Æon is sent on a mission to kill the government's leader, Trevor Goodchild, she discovers that both she and the Monicans are being manipulated by council members in a secret coup. This discovery causes Æon to question the origins of everyone in Bregna; and in particular, her own personal connection to Trevor. It turns out that everyone in Bregna is actually a clone, grown from recycled DNA. With the dead constantly being reborn into new individuals and still bearing partial memories of their previous lives, there has been an increase in the troubling dreams. Recycling and cloning became necessary since the original viral antidote made humans infertile. Trevor's ongoing experiments, as with all his clone ancestors, has been trying to reverse the infertility. Æon learns that she is a clone of the original Trevor's wife, Katherine and is the first Katherine clone in over 400 years. One of Trevor's experiments, Una, was successful as she became pregnant. However, Trevor's brother, Oren Goodchild, had her killed and all of Trevor's research destroyed so he could stay in power. In a confrontation with Trevor and Æon, Oren reveals that humanity itself has corrected the problem and that some women were becoming naturally pregnant. Oren had them all killed to maintain the Goodchild reign. Æon is now forced to go up against both her former allies, who want to kill Trevor, and Oren. She manages to convince the other Monicans to ignore The Handler and help her instead to kill Oren and his men. Æon goes to destroy the facility where the cloning DNA is stored - The Relicle, a dirigible constantly floating in the sky. There she meets the old man who monitors everything. She also discovers he preserved her DNA for years, even though Oren ordered it to be destroyed so Katherine could not influence Trevor in any way. The dirigible crashes into the city wall breaking it down to reveal, for the first time in centuries, a lush and fertile land as opposed to the wasteland they were taught about.