At a small college, Quaid and his friend Stephen do a "Fear Study" as a school project, recording people talking about their greatest fears. Quaid however is quite insane and wants to take the fear to 'the next level'. Quaid had seen his parents killed by an ax murderer as a child; this is his greatest fear and he wants to learn what makes others afraid and what it takes for them to overcome their fear. Stephen's brother had died while drunk-driving, and Stephen wonders if his brother would still be alive if he had driven instead. Cheryl, who is the project's editor, was molested by her father as a little girl. He worked at a meat-packing plant and smelled of meat while molesting her; to this day, she can't stand the smell of meat and refuses to eat it. Quaid kidnaps her and locks her in a room with a huge piece of beef. After about a week, she finally eats the entire piece of rotten beef. Joshua is a student whose his fear is becoming deaf again because he temporarily lost his hearing after a childhood accident. The following night, Quaid knocks him out and fires a gun next to his ears, shattering his eardrums and leaving him deaf again. Abby, another student, has a dark birthmark covering half her face and body, which she doesn't want anyone to see, terrified of being teased or shunned because of it. Quaid sets up video footage of her stripping naked before sex on every TV on campus, showing her naked and covered in birth marks. Humiliated, Abby fills her bathtub with bleach and starts scrubbing off her skin with a Brillo pad. Stephen finds her naked and bleeding and gets her to the hospital. He then goes after Quaid with a fire ax. Joshua follows him, assuming Stephen and Quaid are working together. When Stephen confronts Quaid, he is knocked out and awakens tied to a chair. He manages to break free but runs into Joshua, who stabs him with the fire ax. Quaid shoots Joshua, killing him, and watches Stephen die from the ax wound. He drags the body to a room in the basement, where Cheryl is. He throws Stephen's body in along with a switchblade and says, "Let's see how hungry you have to be to get through that". He leaves her crying with Stephen's dead body with only a matter of time before she starts eating his flesh from hunger.