Mrinalini, an ageing actress, writes a suicide note. As a performer, the first lesson she had learnt was timing – the perfect moment for making an entrance or an exit on stage. On the stage of life, her entrance had been outside her control; but she wants to choose the moment of her exit at least. However, before taking the pills that will put her to sleep forever, she decides to destroy all her memorabilia – letters, photographs, newspaper cuttings, knick-knacks pertaining to the past – lest they fall into the hands of the press. She has been a victim of media attention all her life and wishes to be spared that at her death. As she looks through the old box that contains relics from her past, memories flood the night... Incidents that she had forgotten or had relinquished to the furthest corners of her mind now return to haunt her and, through these memories, an entire life is revealed – a life of loves lost and gained, friendships and betrayals, successes and failures, accidents and awards, agonies and ecstasies. Mrinalini relives her past, as night gradually turns to dawn. An azaan  starts up somewhere. Slowly early morning light fills the room. The moment has passed and the death she had wished for so intensely no longer seems a priority. Her German Shepherd comes and rubs its head on its mistress’s feet and squeaks to be let out. Mrinalini smiles, tears up the suicide note and takes her dog out for a walk. On the street, she meets morning walkers, old and young, joggers, a group of school children. A young man runs past her. He seems to be escaping from something. Mrinalini gets a glimpse, and a doubt crosses her mind - she seems to recognize him. He resembles her first boyfriend, from her college days. Maybe he's a thief, or some gangster. She doesn't know. Neither do we. And then, a gunshot rips through the air. Everyone on the street gets startled. Mrinalini stands still, shocked. The young man checks himself. He is safe. Only this time, she has taken the bullet on her back, and not the man who had resembled her first love. He runs off, as she - the one who had wanted to control her exit from the stage of the world, collapses on the ground...