Bex is the leader of the West Ham United football firm, that travels up and down the country to fight other firms. Dom is a normal teenage lad who hangs around with his mates, and one night they go to a nightclub, where his friend Tel walks into Bex and after the two share words, Tel is headbutted in the face by Bex. The morning after, Tel tells Dom that Bex is after him, the two then go to the local pub the Lord Nelson where the firm hangs out, Dom walks in and apologises for the two of them. Bex then tells Dom that he has a lot of guts walking in there like that. Dom finds out where Bex works and goes to visit him. They become acquaintances, visiting a sports shop where Bex purchases a pair of Adidas Trimm Trab trainers. He then asks Dom if he wants to play in his football team. Dom accepts. Dom asks his Dad for money to buy the same pair of trainers. Dom arrives late at the football game and is put in goal. After he saves a vital penalty, the rest of the boys begin to take a liking to him especially Jay, who asks if he is coming to Portsmouth at the weekend. Dom agrees. One of the boys comes to visit Bex at work, where he tells him that Millwall's firm and Portsmouth's firm are meeting to discuss the up and coming matches between the three teams. Dom persuades his parents to buy him an Ellesse tracksuit. Saturday comes and the firm are at the station getting a train to Portsmouth. When they get there they meet the Portsmouth firm at the pub. Police arrive and try to break up the two teams. Dom is punched in the face but stays on his feet and punches back. Bex visits Dom at work and tells him to not make any plans for the weekend. Dom sees Tel who criticises his tracksuit, but Dom tells him that he is part of the West Ham firm now. Dom meets Jay, the two go to the sports shop and steal a load of gear. Some of the firm go to Bex's house to talk about a possible national firm, with the UEFA European Football Championship a dream that Bex has, that he talked about to two other firms earlier in the film. He asks Dom if he would like to go to Europe, and Dom agrees. Bex says he has to get blooded first, which means he has to get the firms symbol engraved on his forearm. Bex pulls out a Stanley knife and starts to engrave on Dom's arm. When the rest of the firm lick their hands and rub off the symbol that is on their arms he realises that it is a joke. After Dom is mocked for wearing the same tracksuit as Bex, he does not go to the game. Bex then visits him at work and tells him to stand up for himself, and invites him to a night club. Dom also gets invited to Crystal Palace on the weekend, but the firm end up going to Millwall. They get attacked by the Millwall firm and suffer a humiliating defeat. Bex, along with Dom and some other members of the West Ham firm go back later and ambush a Millwall fan as he leaves the pub. They return home only to find that their cars have been smashed up. A calling card has been placed on Bex's car saying "Congratulations, you have just met the Yeti"