A patient of Chicago psychoanalyst Dr. Judd Stevens is murdered after a session, stabbed while wearing a raincoat belonging to the doctor. Police detectives McGreavy and Angeli come to Stevens' office to break the news. McGreavy bitterly resents the doctor from a previous case in which Stevens' testimony led to a cop killer being institutionalized rather than sent to prison. The patient's personal problems are in question until Stevens' secretary is also found brutally murdered. Stevens comes to realize that he is the murderer's target, while the detectives treat him as their prime suspect. A widower, Stevens expresses concern to his physician brother-in-law about the cops' behavior. McGreavy in particular is so aggressive in his interrogations, Angeli reports him to a superior and gets McGreavy thrown off the case. A pair of men posing as doormen break into Stevens' apartment, armed with guns. Stevens holds them off until his brother-in-law and two paramedics arrive. Not trusting the cops, Stevens made an emergency call to the hospital for help. Choosing a name out of the Yellow Pages at random, he hires an old, quirky private investigator named Morgens who lives in a rundown apartment filled with clocks and cats. Morgens saves his life by finding a bomb planted in Stevens' car. Angeli promises to lend Stevens a more sympathetic ear than his partner had in finding out who is behind these murder attempts. McGreavy, however, has secretly cut a deal with their captain to keep an eye on the case from a distance. A call from Morgens that he has discovered the killer's true identity leads to a late-night meeting at Navy Pier. But when Stevens and Angeli arrive, they find the murdered body of Morgens, holding a cuckoo clock. Deciding the time has come to hide Stevens in a safe house, Angeli instead drives him to a mobster's home where the phony doormen appear. Angeli draws a gun but points it at Stevens, telling him he trusted the wrong cop. A crime boss whose wife, Ann Blake, has been seeing Stevens as a patient informs the doctor that he simply can't have anyone knowing his private business. Stevens is taken to a remote location to be done away with permanently. Angeli, expecting a payoff, is killed instead. Stevens is then beaten savagely by the crime boss until McGreavy and a team of cops arrive just in time. At a cemetery where Stevens goes to visit his late wife's grave, Ann Blake turns up to apologize for causing Stevens all this trouble at the cost of so many lives. He has quit private practice, so she asks if that means he can see a former patient socially. It does and they begin to leave together, but the doctor is in for one last shock.