It is Halloween night, and Shrek's family is celebrating by scaring trick-or-treaters. Inside their house, Donkey, Puss, Pinocchio, the Three Little Pigs, Big Bad Wolf, and Gingy fail to scare the ogres, and Shrek claims that nothing can scare an ogre because ogres are "the kings of Halloween". To prove him wrong, Donkey proposes a challenge to see who can tell the scariest story, but Shrek amps it up by choosing to hold their contest in Lord Farquaad's abandoned castle Duloc. Gingy starts first with a story about his girlfriend dumping him and asking the Muffin man for a new girlfriend, made with loads of sugar, thus giving her the name Sugar as revealed in the credits. Gingy becomes happy with her but ends up becoming freaked out of all her love for him. After running away and pushing her in a big container of batter, he finally becomes free of her and decides to go home, but the batter that Sugar was dropped in ended up creating thousands of zombie-like versions of herself, surrounding Gingy and eating him. The Three Little Pigs get scared and run away with Big Bad Wolf who claims they are his ride. Shrek comments on the falsehood of Gingy's "true" story, saying that he cannot be there if he was eaten, and he runs off as well. Next, Donkey and Puss in Boots tell a story about them taking shelter from a thunderstorm at Boots Motel. Their story starts off well but they end up fighting over how the story should be told and better to tell, generally making each other look bad. Donkey gets Pinocchio to spray Puss with water, making him run away. At last, Shrek tells the final story about him as a baby-sitter trying to sort out a crazed, seemingly possessed, Pinocchio, but after continuously getting beaten up by the living puppet, Shrek tries to catch him but Pincocchio jumps out of the window. After landing on the streets, a talking cricket pops out of Pinocchio's head, claiming to be his conscience and the voice in his head making him go crazy, only to be squashed under Pinocchio's foot. Pinocchio denies that the story is true, but when Shrek shows him a dead cricket , he screams and runs out. Now alone, Donkey and Shrek hear the wind moving about, and a walking suit of armour calling Donkey's name. Scared out of his wits, Donkey admits defeat and runs away. Fiona reveals it was her and the babies who planned the ghost act and then they, along with Shrek, celebrate by egging the seven dwarves.  *The Bride of Gingy told by Gingerbread Man  *Boots Motel told by Donkey and Puss in Boots (a spoof of [[Psycho  *The Shreksorcist told by Shrek (a spoof of [[The Exorcist