Shane is very into nature and is a vegetarian, while her estranged twin sister Lizzie has a driven, type A personality. They are complete opposites, or so they think. Unknown to each other, both have entered to be in a TV reality show called The Challenge and, as part of a deceitful scheme to boost the flagging ratings , the producers think it would be fun to put both twins on the same team when they hate each other. Shane lives in Los Angeles with her mom and Lizzie in Washington, D.C. with her dad; they haven't seen each other in two years. The girls are both put on Team Mayan, and they have to try to get along for the sake of both the team and their college scholarships. They do, of course, break some romance rules with some guys. The Contestants: Shane Dalton: A vegetarian who lives with her single mother in California and is the estranged sister of Lizzie. Very peaceful and Zen-empowered, is easygoing, unless it involves her sister, and she works to get her team in 'the right place' for the tasks by teaching them yoga. She is afraid of heights. She and her sister make up in the middle of the movie and seem as if they were never apart. She wants to be a earth scientist. Elizabeth "Lizzie" Dalton: A modern city girl living with her father in Washington DC, is the more uptight twin. She's typical "city girl" although she is very detailed-oriented, which proves to be a bit of an advantage during later tasks in the game. She has a major fear of snakes. She falls for the head intern Marcus they have a romantic relationship and go out on double dates with Shane and Adam. Adam: A laid-back, average boy who plans to go to college to study journalism. He grows close to Shane early on the flim. Hes parents split as well. Kelly: An extremely athletic, over-competitive girl from Nashville, Tennessee. She is seen to have special talents in swimming, but her overly competitive nature makes her out to be a bit anti-social and a bit antagonistic of not only the other team but her own team. Later she is shown to be a nice a person she apoliges to Shane and Lizzie. Anthony: An Italian-American boy who plans to use his winnings to go to culinary school. His goal is to be like Emeril, and he is very fond of eating as well as cooking. He may be second-generation Italian immigrant, as during one scene, he thinks he sees his mother, who has a heavy Italian accent. He seems to have a crush on Lizzie but its only seen a few times in the whole movie. He becomes best friends with Justin. Justin: A typical 'surfer dude.' Though he seems to be nothing but a fun-loving skater-boy from the start, he is shown to have a very high IQ, as he plans to study astrophysics and can easily answer questions during one task pertaining pharmaceutical chemistry. He and Anthony become best friends, he seems to have a crush on Shane while Anthony seems to have a crush on Lizzie. he becomes best friends with Anthony. JJ: A self-proclaimed "triple-threat", is the contestant with dreams of stardom. It's hinted she may not be very intelligent, as she initially thought she was auditioning for American Idol. In the end, she receives an invitation to be on a same show. She was on Kelly's team along with Adam and Charles like the others she couldn't stand Kelly. Charles: A very calm, intuitive boy who plans to study psychotherapy. He is the one who tries to keep his team together mentally. He also is the one who tries several times to bring Kelly back down to Earth when she lets her competitiveness get the best of her. He may have a crush on her, but this is only hinted once. The Crew: Max: He's the host of the show and will do anything to get ratings for the show he is obsessed with ratings as proven when he chases Shane, Adam, Lizzie, and Marcus in a bike chase. In the end Shane and Lizzie with the help of Adam and Marcus get revenge by dumping beans on him. Sash: She seems to Max's assistant. Not much is known but she seems very naive to relationships. Big Joe: the camera man or main one. He helps Max chase Shane, Lizzie, Marcus and Adam twice. He ended up with sand in his hair from a dirt bike chase. Marcus: the head and only intern. He's from L.A. he wants to direct films. He likes Lizzie throughout the whole movie and was the one who came up the idea to have Lizzie and Shane on the show. He tells her the truth which Lizzie is deeply hurt by this. When she says she doesn't know how she feels about Marcus he seems very hurt by this. He becomes Lizzie's boyfriend and good friends with Lizzie's twin Shane and Shane's boyfriend Adam.