Fox is a story of a young, successful criminal lawyer, Arjun Kapoor  whose knowledge and aggressive interpretation of the law makes him a name to reckon with. He is reputed to have never lost a case and can get anyone acquitted, no matter what the crime. In the first phase of the movie, Arjun is shown as being famous and successful, someone who spends little time thinking about the moral issues relating to his work as a defense lawyer. After four years of saving all manner of criminals from punishment, the karma of being cursed, often literally, by the victims of his criminal clients, finally catches up with Arjun. Torn with accumulating guilt over time, he flips overnight, showing up in court the next morning and accusing his present client of being guilty of the crime he, as the defense lawyer, is supposed to defend against. After this very public incident, Arjun is thrown out of court, has his license revoked, and he decides to quit his law practice and take time off to think things over. He says good bye to his girlfriend Urvashi , packs his bags and leaves town. In the second phase of the movie, Arjun emerges from obscurity back into national limelight, this time as the author of a bestselling crime novel. While on his sojourn in Goa, he is approached by an old man, a stranger, who claims to be a retired lawyer. The stranger has written a novel, titled "Fix the Fox" and hopes to see the novel printed some day, bringing him fame and redemption. Arjun is invited to dinner and given a copy of the manuscript to read, which he does at home in one sitting. When Arjun returns the next morning, he finds a policeman standing outside the old man's villa. Apparently, the old man was found dead that morning. Arjun is initially confused with this shocking news, but after some reflection, he decides to seek publication of the novel, in memory of the stranger. He offers the manuscript to a sassy publishing house editor Sophie  who likes it and instantly recognizes a potential bestseller. Assuming it is written by Arjun, she publishes it in his name. The novel becomes a national best-seller, bringing Arjun fame and instant celebrity, as a former advocate and author. The third phase of the movie begins with the introduction of local Crime Branch Police Officer Yashwant Deshmukh , who is shown receiving Arjun's novel in the mail from an anonymous source. After reading the entire novel, Officer Deshmukh checks some old crime files and then contact with Arjun. He asks Arjun repeatedly whether he was actually the one who had written the novel. When an irritated Arjun insists that it is indeed himself, Officer Deshmukh proceeds to arrest Arjun, pointing out, to the former's surprise, that the five murders in the novel match precisely in detail to five unsolved murders on police files. Thus, Arjun lands in soup. He must now save himself before it’s too late. Now Arjun is in jail. with Urvashi's help, he manages to get bail. Inspector Yeshwant strongly believes that Arjun is the mastermind behind the murders. However, Arjun tells him that if he is free, he will try and find the real culprit behind the murders, and proves his innocence within 5 days. Yeshwant agrees to that.