    A giant demon-possessed boar attacks an Emishi village. The last Emishi prince, Ashitaka, is forced to fight and kill him. In the struggle, Ashitaka receives a curse on his right arm,<ref nameClements|firstThe Anime Encyclopedia|yearStone Bridge Press|location1-933330-10-4|coauthorsEnglish}} which grants him superhuman strength but will eventually kill him. Under the advice of the village oracle, he leaves to travel to the west in search of a cure. On his journey, he meets Jigo, a wandering monk who tells Ashitaka that he might find help from the Forest Spirit of a mountain range populated by giant animal-gods. Iron Town, located in that range, continually clears the nearby forests to make charcoal to smelt ironsand and produces advanced firearms, leading to battles with the giant forest beasts. Among these animals are giant wolves accompanied by San, who the villagers of Iron Town call "Princess Mononoke." She is a young human woman who was adopted by the giant wolf goddess Moro. Ashitaka discovers two villagers injured by the wolves near a river. He returns to Iron Town, passing through the forest, where he catches a glimpse of the {{nihongo}}, a kirin-like creature by day and a towering "night-walker" by night. In Iron Town, Ashitaka learns from Lady Eboshi, the manager of the settlement, that she created the boar-demon by killing the giant boar god Nago, one of the protectors of the forest. Though angered, Ashitaka also finds out that Iron Town is a refuge for ancient Japan's social outcasts, including prostitutes and lepers, and thus finds himself unable to condemn Eboshi. That night, San infiltrates Iron Town to kill Eboshi. Ashitaka intervenes and stops the fighting between Eboshi and San. While leaving the town with San, he is shot through the chest, badly wounding him. San takes Ashitaka to the Forest Spirit, who heals his gunshot wound but does not remove the curse. San starts to develop romantic feelings for Ashitaka. Boars, led by the boar god Okkoto, arrive to attack Iron Town, and San joins them. Meanwhile, Eboshi prepares for the assault and sets out to destroy the Forest Spirit. Jigo, now revealed to be a mercenary-hunter, intends to give the head to the emperor, who in turn promises to give Jigo a fortune and grant Iron Town legal protection from local daimyos. During the assault, the Imperial hunters kill the boars, and Okkoto is corrupted by a gunshot wound. Despite San's attempts to stop Okkoto from becoming a demon like Nago, she is swept up in the corruption pouring out from his body. However, Moro, who was mortally wounded in the assault, rescues San, with Ashitaka's help. The Forest Spirit appears and takes Okkoto and Moro's lives away. Lying in ambush, Eboshi shoots several times and decapitates the Forest Spirit during its transformation into the "night-walker". Jigo collects the head as the Forest Spirit's body transforms into a "mindless god of death" that begins destroying everything in its vicinity in search of its head. Ashitaka and San chase down and take back the head from Jigo, returning it to the Forest Spirit just as the sun rises. It collapses into the lake, healing the land as well as the lepers and accursed, including Ashitaka and San. Though Ashitaka means much to San, she still despises humans for their actions and decides to continue living in the forest. Ashitaka decides to stay and help to rebuild the town. However, Ashitaka tells San that he will visit her in the forest. Eboshi, amazed by the efforts of Ashitaka, San and the wolves to save her and the people of Iron Town, vows to rebuild a better town. The film ends with a Kodama appearing in the rejuvenated forest.