There are five story lines which are presented in a non-linear and non-chronological fashion. Some of the events are shown multiple times from different perspectives. Impressions are created of characters, positive and negative, which, subsequently, turn out to be incorrect. A young Israeli Arab boy, Nasri, who lives in the Ajami neighborhood of Jaffa, narrates the film. As the movie opens, Nasri's neighbor is killed in a drive-by shooting while working on a car in the street. The hit man had intended to kill Nasri's older brother Omar, as revenge for Nasri's uncle's shooting and severely injuring of a Bedouin gang member and extortionist. A leading member of the Jaffa community, Abu Elias, brings Omar to a Bedouin court session, in which a "judge" decides that Omar has to pay tens of thousands of dinars - equivalent to tens of thousands of dollars - to end the chain of revenge killings of which he could be the next victim. A young Palestinian  does not approve of their relationship. Binj , a cook at the restaurant, is forced by his brother to hold drugs for him when a neighborhood dispute over bleating sheep results in the stabbing of a Jewish Jaffa neighbor. Binj's house is searched by the police, who are called away and do not find the drugs. When he is found dead and the house ransacked, it appears he was murdered. We later learn that Binj died of a drug overdose after throwing away the remaining drugs and replacing them with sugar. Malek, thinking the drugs are real, takes them and, with Omar, tries to sell them. Abu Elias learns of their plans and sets a trap so that Omar will be caught trying to sell the drugs and be arrested, thus ending the relationship with Abu Elias's daughter. Abu Elias fires Malek but does not want him to be caught in the trap, and warns him what is going to happen. Malek, not convinced, wants to go anyway because he needs the money for his mother's operation, therefore Abu Elias advises him to go along with Omar, but not touch the drugs, then the police will let him go. Omar's younger brother Nasri insists on accompanying Omar and Malek because he is worried that something will happen to Omar. When they get to the place where they will meet the "drug dealers" , Nasri is told to stay in the car. At Malek's urging, Omar leaves his gun in the car. The officers discover the drugs are fake. One of the officers, Dando, sees Malek with a pocket watch that he thinks belonged to his brother Yoni  and suspects that Malek had a hand in killing him . Nasri, who hadn't stayed in the car but followed behind Omar and Malek instead, sees Dando aiming his gun at Malek and, not realizing they are police, he shoots Dando and is then shot and killed by another officer. Thus, Nasri's dread of future tragedy, predicted at the beginning of the film, is fulfilled as the story arcs come together in the last scene.