In the backdrop of organized terrorism threatening world peace, Atithi tries to simulate the same situation at a micro-level by putting a terrorist and peace-loving doctor together under the same roof for a few days and examines the outcome of their complex interactions. 'Atithi', as the title suggests, means 'Guest'. The film is about an un-invited guest, played by Prakash Rai, who is terrorist. The film is set in a picturesque small malenadu village which is surrounded by mountains, creeks and greenery.http://www.videogirmit.com/atithi-the-guest/synopsis-of-the-movie-video_fafb50ee3.html A terrorist gang, who are involved in bomb blasts, enter that silent village. The leader of that gang, played by Prakash Rai, who is referred to as 'Dost' throughout the film, gets hurt in an explosion while they are making bombs in the forest, and comes to a doctor's house in the village. The doctor’s wife is taken away as a hostage to ensure the secrecy of the whole deal. The doctor’s house turns into an operating base for the terrorists. A casual entry of a small child into that house adds a new dimension. Later 'Dost' befriends the child who happens to be the doctor's neighbor. While 'Dost' is recovering from his injury, his teammates plot to blow up a dam which is to be inaugurated by a minister. Amidst all this confusion, the doctor goes through agonizing moments living with the terrorist. Towards the end, the child is given sweets for her birthday and is invited to the inauguration of the dam, where she will perform a dance along with her friends. What is the nature of their interactions during that period? What kind of internal conflicts do they go through even while exhibiting their respective outward stance? How they react to each other’s views, and how will they affect each other in commonplace situations? How does an innocent child transform the whole complexion of their relationships, thinking patterns and behavioural patterns? These are some of the elements that Atithis tries to examine at the human level, leaving the viewer free to create his own socio-political context as the backdrop based on his own life experience.http://www.bollywhat-forum.com/index.php?action25520.0 As the director, P. Sheshadri puts it, Atithi is not a stated position on terrorism; it is not about the destructive power of terrorist activities; it does not even offer 'the' solution to eliminate terrorism. It is more in the nature of an examination of human behavior under a set of circumstances- be it that of a confirmed terrorist or that of a peace-loving doctor.