For four young people; Katie, Mike, Eric, Nicole; speed is a way of life. But the four soon come to realize that living life in the fast lane carries a very high price. On the streets debts are not settled with cash, they are settled in blood. Each character has a different motive and a different goal but when they get behind the wheel they are all the same. It is the speed that connects them, but the one thing they all have in common will be the one thing that tears them apart. The movie starts with bank giving Katie warning about the debt on her garage. They then order pizza for lunch which is to be delivered by Mike, a pizza delivery guy. On his way to delivery his way is blocked by Nicole's broken down car and then by a police chase between Eric and Wolf  making him run out of time for delivering pizzas on time. On the roads Katie's Subaru is driven by a mysterious Phantom driver in the illegal racing events thereby earning her extra money for paying her debts. Meanwhile in garage Mike sees Nicole's BMW which he steals to prove he is a good racer to Katie by participating and winning in illegal racing. There he races against Wolf and ultimately wins the race but wrecks the BMW. Next day when Nicole sees what has become of her husband's car, Mike apologizes saying that a car can be fixed but one can't buy what it feels like after winning. This earns Katie Nicole's contract for building her a luxury sports car. Meanwhile Mike is hired by Gargolov as a wheel man in place of Wolf. Eric is investigating the bank robberies and figures out that Wolf is the former wheel man of Gargolov and also comes to know that Mike is the new one. He investigates Mike's background and comes to know that he is a wanted convict. As ordered Nicole's new sports car is made by Katie on which Mike teaches her how to race, drive and drift. In the proceeding later Mike and Eric becomes friends and races against Wolf for the last time where Wolf's car crashes at the end of the race thereby killing him.