Manoj 'Manu' Sharma  is a NRI doctor living in London. He comes to India to find an Indian bride and get married. The day he arrives, he is taken to Kanpur by his parents and his friend Pappi to meet Tanuja 'Tanu' Trivedi . While at Tanu's house the parents talk and decide they like family very well and if Manu likes Tanu they should officialise the relationship the very same day. But before anyone can meet Tanu, her mother tells Manu's family that she was ill since yesterday and asks if Manu would mind going up to meet her. While Manu talks to Tanu, who seems shy and quiet behind her Ghoonghat, Manu realises that she is in fact asleep. Yet he likes her, and tells both the families that he is willing to marry her. Soon after the families go on a pilgrimage, and during the train ride Tanu takes him away from their family members, and confesses that she had intentionally taken five tablets to fall asleep so as to be rejected by him. She tells him in rather rudely that she loves someone else, and that she has his name tattooed on her chest; she also tells him the thugs who had roughed him up when he initially came to Kanpur were sent by her boyfriend. She demands that Manu rejects her. Manu considers the odds, and though he likes her, he asks his father to announce that he cannot marry her. Weeks pass, and Manu sees different girls, but cannot forget Tanu. Among all the girls, he meets Ayushi , who has trouble using her left hand, and her brother Raja , a small thug. When Raja asks him about his thoughts of getting married to his sister, Manu says that he does like Ayushi, but can't marry her because he loves someone else. Though Manu decides to return to London, Pappi tells him that their friend Jassi  is getting married, and asks him to come to Punjab with him. Upon arriving, Manu finds out that Tanu is present there, and she is a friend of Payal , Jassi's bride-to-be. Over the course of few days, he becomes close to Tanu, but their new friendship is shattered when Tanu's parents arrive, and Tanu thinks that Manu called them. Due to this, Manu decides to return back. However, Tanu realizes her errors, and asks him not to leave, as her lover is coming tomorrow, and she wants help in eloping and marrying him. It turns out that Tanu's lover is Raja. They are about to be married, but are not able to find a pen to sign the papers. Though Manu has one, he lies about not having it, and the marriage is postponed. Raja confesses that he doesn't want to be married this way, but no one in Tanu's family will accept him, that's why they are eloping. Manu talks to Tanu's father, and convinces him to accept Raja. During Tanu's wedding preparations, Tanu sees Manu's wedding gift , but does not realize that he loves her. Raja is not able to buy Tanu a wedding dress due to time shortage, so he asks Manu to help him out. After Manu gets Tanu her dress, he confesses to Tanu that he did have a pen, but did not want her to be married, that is why he lied. At that precise moment, Raja appears, and takes Tanu with him. Now Tanu has mixed feelings, and after reaching home, when she confirms with Manu that he loves her, she decides to marry him, not Raja. Raja, however, is not willing to call off the wedding, and says to Tanu's father that if the wedding does not take place, he will kill him. Manu still prepares for the wedding. By bribing the Inspector, the family of Tanu get Raja arrested. However, Raja arrives to the wedding place at the same time as Manu, and he threatens to kill him. Manu however refuses to be scared and proceeds with Tanu for the wedding. It is then when Raja realizes that Manu is the right choice for Tanu, and allows them to get married.