The story opens in a town called Doughnut Center with a caption that reads "What A Hole" and Sam reading a newspaper indicating that a local widow ([[Granny  has just inherited $50 million. Sam plots to marry Granny, take the money, close the orphanage and get rid of the police department, but Bugs overhears him and plots to foil the plan by disguising himself and posing as a rival French suitor. Granny is very excited to have two suitors, but Sam is not. Challenging Bugs by throwing down a gauntlet, he slaps him with a yellow glove ; Bugs slaps him with a brick-filled glove. Bugs then challenges Sam, who puts on a Daffy Duck beak, a Porky Pig bowtie and a Donald Duck hat, to a shooting round at ten paces. Timing the steps, Bugs waits until a bus  arrives for Sam to fire, causing him to be run over by it . Bugs then disguises himself and poses as Granny, teasing him and pushing a piano down the stairs on him . The real Granny arrives and offers a cup of black coffee. While Sam waits for his coffee, Bugs returns disguised again, and asks whether Sam wants one lump or two . Sam replies two, and receives two blows from a mallet . The real Granny returns with Sam's coffee, and Sam violently kicks the cup after she asks the same question, causing her to gasp: "He's flipped his lid!" Hiding in an upstairs room, she acts like Elmer Fudd and shoots at Sam whenever he tries to enter. Outside the room, Bugs whistles at him and  suggests they elope after Sam says he wants the lumps. After Bugs hits him on the head with the mallet, Sam spins around like the Tasmanian Devil, dons a pair of Wile E. Coyote ears and says, "I LIKE IT, I LIKE IT!"  Bugs then begins throwing down things  he wants them to take along. So many things are thrown down that Sam says, "That dame's takin' everything but the kitchen sink and the cat!" The kitchen sink and Sylvester are then promptly thrown down as well. Sylvester says Tweety's quote, "Bad ol' puddy tat!" Sam says, "I'm not the "puddy tat", you are!" The last to go is the safe, which falls on Sam, and he and Bugs go to get married. At the church, Bugs' gown bottom gets caught by a nail in the floor and carpet and comes off, and Sam, still dazed, refuses to marry him and runs off. Bugs makes a Trollface and mock cries: "Boo-hoo-hoo! Always a bridesmaid but never a bride. Boo-hoo-hoo-hoo!" Iris out.