The women all candidly speak about the hardships they have been through, about their present and what they expect for the future. Gladys Gutiérrez fought against the Joaquín Balaguer regime along with her husband Henry Segarra. After her spouse mysteriously disappeared, she was exiled and was relocated to Paris, France; and there she kept being vocal about her disapproval of the Dominican government. Because of this, she was subjected to many death threats after her fellow militants were murdered. Josefina Padilla was the first woman candidate for Dominican Vice presidency. Before that she was one of the most notable opponents in Rafael Trujillo's dictatorship, which resulted in her harassment from government officials, and the murder of her husband 'Papito' Sánchez. Tomasina Cabral was brutally tortured during Trujillo's regime, she was the only known woman to have been subjected to that treatment at that time. She was also the friend who accompanied the Mirabal Sisters trough their time in jail. Sina discloses how she copes with the past, and how she still stands for human rights after what was done to her. Dedé Mirabal is the second and only surviving sister. Many describe her as 'The one that lived to tell the story'. She does not only speak about her sisters and the grief of losing them, she also expresses herself, and her own life. She fills in about what happened before and after her sisters' death, being joyful and also moving. Mary Marranzini accounts for the difficult moments when her son fell ill from polio, and she had to fly to the United States for him to get the treatment he required. After that, she decided to look for people who would help her build what is now The Dominican Rehabilitation Association which she has been running since 1959. Ivelisse Prats was the first woman in Latin America to be elected president of a political party. She is a proud member of the Dominican Revolutionary Party , nonetheless, she still harshly criticizes the corruption that some of the members enable and permit. She describes, as they all do, her family life. The loss of her mother at 17, and her marriage shortly after; how she fell ill from depression, tuberculosis and anorexia after a long period of work excess and fasting so she could be able to feed her children.