The film starts with Kailasam , the somber bigwig is performing the last rites of some one dear to him—but the appearance of Kottai , first in the chaotic Koovagam festival and later atop a Veeranam pipe, swinging a scythe maniacally sets the tone for the rest of the film. Cut to the flashback a few months ago:In madurai, where Kottai's mother  is cutting down logs, and boasting about her son: he's a god who deserves to see the outside world and derive its benefits. And so Kottai journeys to big bad Chennai in company with Vellaiyan , who dances with every karagattam dancer on the roadside, makes lewd jokes and appears to have only one thing on his mind. They end up at the massive home of Kailasam, the local terror who slices up people whenever he can—only, our heroes are unaware of the fact. It's a bit endearing when they go on thinking that all Kailasam does is cut up trees, which is why he requires their aruvaal-making skills. And so Kottai goes to work. So you have Kottai feeding crying children milk, helping men with epileptic seizures and falling in love with the first fair-complexioned, slim beauty he comes across, Gayatri . Naturally, Gayatri, as the heroine, is also a wonderfully kind-hearted girl, who wears revealing saris, teaches music to students. Kottai's logic for falling in love with her is that she treats him like his own family—you. Meantime, there's yet another villain, Santhosh, Kailasam's son, who goes playing musical instruments, mouthing punch lines and raping women left, right and centre. There's also a remarkably stupid and one-dimensionally portrayed minister  and a helpless, frustrated cop Surya Prakash  who simply stands like a rock in uniform and he wants to settle score with Kailasam because his son raped and killed his sister. Naturally, Santhosh goes on raping women, Surya Prakash goes on standing still; Kottai goes on making aruvaals ... until Santhosh's catches sight of the ravishing Gayatri, touches her inappropriately and all hell breaks loose. Kottai bashes Santhosh unknowingly that he is the son of the boss. When Kailasam comes to know that Kottai beaten his son to death, he starts revenge on Kottai. But Kottai with the help of Suryaprakash, Minister and Kailasam gets killed. Kottai returns to his home.