A serial killer named Karl Hochman  is known as the "address book killer", due to his habit of stealing the address books of various people, from which he chooses his potential victims. While he is working at a computer store, he obtains the address book of Terry Munroe , after another employee demonstrates how a scanner works by scanning a page of her address book into the computer. After this, Karl leaves work, however he is nearly killed by a head-on collision with a truck. At the emergency room, he is placed in a MRI machine, when a surge, caused by an electrical storm, transfers his mind into a computer. As a network-based entity he plots to continue his killing spree, using the electrical grid, appliances, and the computer network. Because a page of Terry's address book was scanned into the computer, Karl manages to obtain the page and begins to go through the list to kill off her friends. Her co-worker, Frank Mallory , becomes his first victim by making it look like he died in an electrical fire. Elliot Kastner , her friend that works at the DMV, gets burned to death after a hand dryer becomes a flamethrower. His third victim is a babysitter, Carol Maibaum, who dies after both a television and dishwasher explode in a kitchen. When the police do not believe the story about Karl continuing his killing spree even though he is dead, Terry's son, Josh , realizes that there is an order to the list of victims. Terry's mother visits, and it is during this time that Terry and computer hacker Bram Walker  unplug anything electrical in the house. The police receive anonymous reports of an armed robbery, a hostage situation, domestic violence, and a murder pointing to Terry's house. They open fire on the house after mistaking an exploding generator for a gunshot. Noticing what they have done, they cease fire. Terry's mother gets shot in the process, putting her in the hospital. Aided by Bram, however, they manage to fight back and defeat Karl by introducing a computer virus that traps him at a physics laboratory. Karl is then forced to escape. They then proceed to activate an atom smasher which draws Karl in and destroys him after Terry uses a revolver on him. The film ends with Bram telling Terry to turn off a heart monitor in an ambulance.