Ajay  and his parents are estranged from their joint family in Rayalaseema. Ajay belongs to the family of Mahendra Naidu . Seshadri Naidu  is the enemy of Mahendra Naidu. They keep killing each others' family members. The story is about how the free-spirited Ajay puts an end to this and unites both families. The movie begins with the argument for MP post between Mahendra Naidu and Seshadri Naidu. The party decides that the seat should go to Mahendra. Seshadri and his sons try to create mayhem, so that Mahendra's family doesn't move away from the party building. Meanwhile, Seshadri gets a phone call that his brother-in-law was kidnapped by Mahendra's gang, dismayed Seshadri asks his sons and henchmen to leave the Mahendra's family for the time-being. Once Mahendra's family leaves the party building, they order their followers to leave Seshadri's brother-in-law. However, Seshadri's brother-in-law is killed. Now, Seshadri wants to kill all the family members of Mahendra for revenge. So, Mahendra orders to his men to bring each and every member of the family to his house, so they can be secure. Here comes the introduction of the protagonist Ajay. He is Mahendra's nephew. Mahendra has three sisters, one of whom is the mother of Girija . After some comedy and friendly banter, Girija falls in love with Ajay. Mahendra orders his family not to go out of town. Despite this, Ajay leaves the city with his two cousins to get a cake for Girija's birthday. She makes a bet that should he get the cake, she will give kiss him. While returning, the trio stop near a dhaba to get some pakoras. They are attacked by Seshadri's youngest son, who has been staying near the dhaba and maintaining it as his stronghold because he refuses to come home until he fulfills his revenge of killing at least one of Mahendra's family members. Ajay rescues himself and his cousins in time. But Mahendra gets mad and asks him to leave his house. Ajay reaches the railway station to catch the train so that he can go back to his place. Before boarding the train, he watches news that there was a bomb attack on everyone back in town. Soon, he leaves for his Purushottam Naidu's aka "Guruji"  place and takes his advice. Then, Ajay enters into Seshadri's house with the help of his son-in-law  and tries to change everyone. By uniting Seshadri's elder son with his wife and children & his younger son  with his fiancee, he is almost at his goal. One celebratory day, he convinces them that they should not harm Mahendra's family but they can do whatever they wish with Mahendra. One of Seshadri's friends recognizes Ajay and reveals Ajay's secret. Ajay is on the run because Seshadri's family finds out that he is from the enemy camp, and while escaping, Ajay gets stabbed with a knife. He also finds out that Seshadri's brother-in-law was killed by Guruji's henchman. Everyone learns the truth and the movie ends happily with the families together as Seshadri's youngest son gets married to Mahendra's only daughter.