Teenage Billie endures a miserable existence with her alcoholic mother. She is cruelly punished every day, both physically and emotionally just for being born .Family Demons  - Movies - Citysearch She has never been to school, she is not allowed to get a job, and she is not permitted to leave the house… ever. As such, Billie’s bizarre upbringing has resulted in her becoming a virtual prisoner in her own home. No friends, no outside contacts, just her drunken mother.dvd holocaust During one of her mother's three-day drinking binges, a starving Billie sneaks out of the house in search of food as there are no groceries. Billie finds her way to the local store and buys food, but on her way back home she is attacked by a gang of thugs.Family Demons - Film - Inside Film Awards : Australian FIlm Awards Seeing Billie outnumbered and in trouble, the next-door neighbor Sean tries to protect her while she makes her escape and Billie runs home. Unfortunately, her mother catches her coming in the house and she is chained to the laundry sink as punishment.IFM World Releasing Inc Hearing Billie’s cries for help, Sean breaks into the house and frees her. The two of them have a day of fun together, but her mother discovers this and gets angry. A violent struggle ensues and during this, Billie’s repressed anger is unleashed and in her fury she pushes her mother, knocking her head on the corner of the table.Family Demons - Inside Films Sean arrives and helps Billie bring her mother to the hospital. Sean offers to take her away and as she waits at home, her mother suddenly appears and attacks her. Billie runs and eventually kills her in fear, burying the body in the backyard.Family Demons Sean still hasn't arrived and the phone rings. The doctor informs Billie that her mother has passed away. Frightened, she runs into the backyard to dig up the body. It's Sean; she cries. Billie is next shown giving birth in her bathroom, alone. Time skips to a few years later, Billie's daughter, chained up like she was, watches as Billie pours herself a drink and stares drunkenly at her, like her mother did.