The film begins with Mr. A  sky-diving and landing on a train that is carrying the British Queen. He steals her crown by disguising himself as the Queen and escapes. Newly-promoted officer Ali  and Jai Dixit  are introduced to Shonali Bose , a special officer assigned to investigate Mr. A's case, who also happens to be a former classmate of Jai. After the initial investigation, Dixit analyzes the underlying trend in Mr. A's heists. As per his analysis, a theft in one of two famous Mumbai city museums will follow. However, Dixit realizes that the artifact in the museum he is guarding happens to be imperfect. He immediately flees to the other museum when a disguised Mr. A steals a rare diamond and escapes. In a televised challenge to the police, Mr. A announces that he will steal an ancient warrior sword. In response, Dixit, Bose and Khan enforce a strict vigil at the location housing the sword. At night, Mr. A meets his impersonator in the room that holds the sword. The police are alerted, but they manage to steal the sword and escape. The impersonator turns out to be Sunehri , a woman who idolizes Mr. A, and after this they form an alliance. In Rio de Janeiro, Mr. A and Sunehri plan their next heist. As Dixit's analysis has named Rio the location of Mr. A's next heist, Jai and Ali travel to the city. Meanwhile, the relationship between Mr. A and Sunehri evolves into romance. He unveils his real identity, Aryan, to her. However, Mr. A discovers that Sunehri is a spy working for Jai after seeing them together at a theatre and then a parade. Aryan forces Sunehri to play a game of Russian roulette. Sunehri cries and refuses to shoot Aryan because she loves him, but Aryan forces her. However, after six attempted shots from the gun, neither is injured because Aryan had not inserted a bullet into the gun. Sunehri admits she betrayed Aryan and that she loves him. Elsewhere in Rio de Janeiro, Ali develops strong affections towards Monali , Shonali's twin sister. In their final heist, Aryan and Sunehri successfully steal some early Lydian coins while disguised as performing dwarfs. Sunehri indicates that she does not wish to remain allied with Jai, forcing Jai and Ali to go after them. After the chase, all of them end up on the top of a waterfall, where Sunehri is caught by Ali. Sunehri, despite conveying her feelings for Aryan, shoots him. Aryan falls from the waterfall, after which Jai allows Sunehri to go free. After six months, it is revealed that Aryan is still alive and has opened a restaurant in the Fiji islands with Sunehri. Jai meets Aryan and Sunehri at the restaurant and states that despite their crimes, he does not wish to imprison the couple. Aryan shows him where all the stolen artifacts can be found. Jai is aware of the couple's feelings towards each other, but warns them against returning to their life of crime.