The film theorizes a conspiracy upheld by big government through money control by citing books as Tragedy and Hope by Carroll Quigley, Philip Dru: Administrator by Edward M. House, The Strawberry Statement by James Simon Kunen and The Communist Manifesto by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels. The film is summarized in seven conclusions: # There is a conspiracy among some of the richest people in the non-communist nations and that its power is protected by their respective governments. That it is perpetuating its wealth by creating money out of nothing. # In the USA it is perpetuated through the Federal Reserve system. That although it appears that the executive branch controls them it is in fact the other way around. # The capitalist conspiracy in the USA surfaces in the Council on Foreign Relations that influence on the public through television, education and press. # The capitalist conspiracy opposes communism only on the surface because it needs the illusion of a foe. And because the chaos byproduct of the managed conflict advances its own goal of totalitarian world government. A tactic called "pressure from above and below" laid down in Edward M. House's novel Philip Dru: Administrator deliberately create problems and frightful domestic and foreign conditions and provide solutions that result in publicly accepted government expansion at the expense of personal liberties and national sovereignty. # There is "much evidence indicating" that both the capitalist and communist conspiracy is directed by a single master conspiracy that may have continuity with The Illuminati, but that this historical question is not as important as what can be done about it. # The reaction to the conspiracies should be to dismantle the big government and localizing schools and police. # That the root of the evil is that money is created out of nothing. The solution is to reduce the power of the Federal Reserve and returning to the gold and silver standards and thus preventing anyone, in or out of government, to manipulate the money supply. Exposing the conspiracy to public view, by circumventing the establishment's channels of mass communication, would cause it to collapse.