The Griffin family experience another power outage, forcing them to reluctantly go through Return of the Jedi, with Stewie asking, "We're about to do Jedi, aren't we?", with Peter answering "Let's just get through this." Rather than setting up the plot, the opening crawl states that Fox insisted Seth MacFarlane complete the trilogy. It makes reference to his upcoming film Ted in the sentence, "But Fox suddenly had dollar signs in their eyes, and they said, 'Seth, if you don't do Jedi, we're not gonna let you leave to go direct your movie." Darth Vader  arrives on the new, partially constructed Death Star, where Imperial Moff Jerjerrod ([[Roger  informs him that the new battle station no longer has the design flaws of its predecessor, except for a hole that could destroy the station if fired upon. Vader warns Moff Jerjerrod that they should fix that problem before the Emperor  arrives. On Tatooine, R2-D2  and C-3PO  find Jabba the Hutt 's palace in order to initiate a plan to save Han Solo , still frozen in carbonite for posterity. They approach Jabba and play a message from Luke Skywalker , who requests Han's release, and gives him the droids in exchange. Later that night, Princess Leia  continues with the original plan by sneaking into the palace disguised as a bounty hunter. She unfreezes Han who releases a long fart. Their reunion is cut short when Jabba captures her and she is outfitted provocatively, and shackled by Jabba's side. Han, meanwhile, is thrown into a prison cell with Chewbacca , who got caught eating out of Jabba's garbage. Luke arrives at the palace and attempts to bargain for the release of his friends. Jabba opens a trap door and Luke falls into a pit where he battles and kills the Rancor . Afterwards, Jabba orders Luke and his friends to be eaten by the Sarlaac . During the execution ceremony, Luke gives Jabba one last chance to release him and his friends. When Jabba refuses, Luke initiates an assault on Jabba's crew with the help of Lando Calrissian , disguised as one of Jabba's henchmen. Many of Jabba's men are knocked into the Sarlaac including Boba Fett  . Distracted by the carnage, Leia chokes Jabba using her slave chains while her fellow rebels commandeer a transport ship. Luke, Leia, Han, Chewie, Lando, R2-D2, and C-3PO all fly to safety. Luke and R2-D2 fly to Dagobah so Luke can finish his training with Yoda  while the others rejoin the rebel fleet. On Dagobah, Yoda explains the final part of training is to face Vader. In his dying words, Yoda reveals that Luke has a sibling. The spirit of Obi-Wan Kenobi ([[Herbert  appears to Luke and further explains that his sibling is Princess Leia, "the only damn woman in the galaxy." The rebels begin planning an assault on the new Death Star. Admiral Ackbar  explains that the plan will be the same as the last time they destroyed the Death Star, except now they must first destroy a shield generator located on the forest moon of Endor. On the Death Star, Vader informs the Emperor, who has just arrived, that he suspects the rebels are about to attack. The Emperor is aware of this attack and claims it is part of his plan to turn Luke to the dark side. In order to land on the forest moon of Endor, Han uses a stolen Imperial ship and old access code to sneak past the Empire's blockade. Vader allows them passage on to the moon, knowing Luke is aboard the ship. When they reach the moon's surface, the rebels are spotted by Imperial soldiers. The soldiers attempt to retreat to warn others of the rebel attack, but Luke and Leia stop them in an elaborate bicycle chase sequence. Separated from the others, Leia is befriended by Wicket the Ewok . Luke, Han, Chewie and the droids fall into an Ewok trap while searching for Leia. They are captured and brought to the village where Leia is being housed. The Ewoks believe C-3PO is a god and begin to worship him. Luke tells Princess Leia they are siblings, but Leia claims to have already known that. She then introduces a Conway Twitty cutaway. Following Yoda's advice, Luke surrenders to Vader in order to confront him. Vader tries to convince Luke to turn to the dark side. Luke refuses, but is delighted to find out that it is taco night. The two meet with the Emperor, who reveals that Luke's friends are walking into a trap on the forest moon. When this revelation fails to anger Luke, the Emperor begins to mock actor Seth Green . Luke defends Green saying that he's been in successful projects, only to have The Emperor saying the negative side of Green's roles. Luke becomes enraged and begins dueling with Vader. Back on the forest moon, Han leads the rebels to the shield generator. Complaining about a lack of dark plot content, he forces the three technicians inside to dig their own graves with their helmets, then ordering one of them to stab his companion to death and wear his face. Before they can carry out Han's disturbing orders, however, the company is ambushed. The Ewoks help the rebels escape from the Imperial troops and destroy the shield generator, while Lando and Nien Nunb  lead the attack on the Death Star. Luke finally subdues Vader after Seth Green is further mocked, but he refuses to execute him and join the dark side at the Emperor's request. The Emperor then incapacitates Luke with his powerful Force lightning. Because Luke asks Vader politely for help, Vader gathers his remaining strength and kills the distracted Emperor by throwing him into the reactor core. Vader and Luke manage to flee the Death Star before Lando and his crew blow it up. Unfortunately, when Vader asks Luke to help him remove his mask , Luke accidentally twists and breaks Vader's neck. Everyone rendezvous back at the Ewok village to celebrate the rebels victory over the Empire. While the Ewoks kill the wounded Imperials, the spirits of Obi-Wan and Yoda appear to Luke, alongside the spirit of the redeemed Darth Vader , who angrily accuses Luke of murdering him and yells "What the hell, man?" and then "Fuck you! You murdered me, you ass!" The Griffins' power returns just as Peter concludes the story, Meg then asks Peter "What about the prequel trilogy?" with Peter suggesting that The Cleveland Show might do the prequels. After that, Chris asks Peter another question about how come he says in the story that Seth Green is a douche. Peter answers saying that in his opinion that Green has done a lot of unsuccessful projects and that Green sucks. Chris retaliates with saying that he thinks Seth MacFarlane is a douche. Peter, Stewie and Brian  defend MacFarlane as a talented young man with fresh ideas and good humor. Chris tells the three in anger that he got the whole idea of Family Guy off The Simpsons, with Meg and Lois supporting Chris that MacFarlane "only brings ten new episodes of the show a year" and "we get it, he watched a lot of television in the eighties" . The argument ends with Peter claiming that people will just remember the laughter, before the family looks awkwardly at each other.