Childhood friends Dan Walker  and Joe Lynch  along with Dan's girlfriend Parker O'Neill  spend a Sunday afternoon at a New England ski resort on Mount Holliston. Not wanting to pay full price for three ski lift tickets, Dan convinces Parker to bribe the ski lift attendant Jason  to let them all on the ski lift. On the way up, the ski lift shuts down, but starts back up again shortly. After spending all afternoon watching Parker fall over herself because she cannot snowboard, the guys are eager to take one last run down the mountain before they go home. However, it is now evening, and the ski resort decides to close early because a storm is moving in. The friends remind Jason of the bribe and convince him to let them on the ski lift one last time. At this point the resort is almost deserted. Before the group gets all the way to the top, Jason is called into the boss's office and is replaced by a co-worker Rifkin . As Jason leaves, he tells Rifkin that there are only three skiers left and then the ski lift can be shut down. Another set of three skiers comes down the mountain. When Rifkin sees them, he shuts down the ski lift stranding the three central characters in their ski lift chair far above the ground. The friends are first annoyed as they assume that there's another technical difficulty with the ski lift. A few minutes later, however, the lights go out scaring the three skiers. Night has come and a snow storm moves in. After a while, a snowcat comes along and it seems as if the driver Cody  is about to see them. However, at the last second, Cody is called back to base. After several hours, the friends realize that no one is coming to get them and that they could be stuck up there all week, as the resort is closed on weekdays. Parker then loses her right glove while smoking. Dan realizes he has no choice but to jump from the ski lift chair and get help, as they will not survive up there in the bitter cold until Friday. Dan jumps off the lift onto a hard section of the ski path and suffers a compound fracture in both of his legs. Later on, he is approached by a wolf who growls at him, but Parker throws her snowboard at it and it runs away. Joe, now fearing for Dan's safety, decides to climb up and traverse the ski lift cable so that he can get to a chair that is closer to the ground. However, after traversing a few feet, he returns to his chair with his gloves cut and holds Parker, to prevent her watching the scene below. Dan has now been surrounded by a pack of wolves who devour him, horrifying Parker and Joe. Later on, Joe and Parker have a fight in which Joe furiously accuses Parker of being too insensitive and only caring about herself, while Parker blames him for not dissuading Dan from jumping. However, they soon make up. In the morning, Parker wakes up with her right hand stuck to the ski lift safety bar, which she has grabbed in her sleep. She painfully pulls it free, losing skin in the process. In addition, she has developed a bad case of frostbite on her face. After a few hours, Joe climbs up, traverses the ski lift cable, severely cutting his gloves in the process, and this time safely climbs down the ladder of a support pole two chairs back. At the same time, Parker's ski lift chair begins tipping as it has started to loosen from its supporting cable. After fighting off a pair of wolves by using a ski pole, Joe slides down the mountain on Parker's snowboard, planning to return with help for her; the wolves chase after him. Another night passes and no one has shown up to help Parker. She now realizes that something has happened to Joe. The next day, she begins to attempt to jump down herself, but the bolt holding the lift chair fails; the chair drops some twenty feet but is caught by a supporting cable. Parker jumps down, now from a fairly safe height, but is injured after the lift chair falls on her ankle. She then alternately slides and crawls down the mountain, pausing when she sees a streak of blood in the snow and is then approached by a wolf. After sizing her up, the wolf returns to the nearby pack, Parker sees that the pack has caught and killed Joe and is now finishing off his remains. Completely traumatized, Parker makes it the rest of the way down the mountain to a nearby road. Eventually a car appears and the driver stops to assist her. While driving, the man calls the hospital and tells them that he had found a girl hurt outside of the ski resort. The film ends with Parker's eyes closing as she hears the driver telling her, "You'll be okay, baby. You're gonna be okay."