Some months after the conclusion of the previous film, Jason Voorhees  remains dead and chained to a rock at the bottom of Crystal Lake. Ten year-old Tina Shepard  hears her alcoholic father physically abusing her mother at their lake house. The emotional trauma unlocks Tina's previously latent telekinetic powers, which causes the boating dock to collapse, drowning him in Crystal Lake. Ten years later, Tina  is still struggling with guilt and has lived in a series of mental institutions ever since. Her mother, Amanda Shepard , and her therapist, Dr. Crews  convene at the lake house for a field session. Unbeknownst to them, Dr. Crews actually intends to exploit Tina's anguish to study her abilities; because Tina's powers lash out under extreme duress, Crews continually needles her to keep her stress levels high. Despite her suspicions of his true intentions, Tina begrudgingly cooperates with the tests. Meanwhile, several teenagers are residing in the neighboring vacation home to surprise their friend Michael for his birthday. Despite their friendship with Michael, most do not get long with each other: a bookworm named Maddy, the perky Robin, inept science-fiction writer Eddie, a stoner named David, an uptight Ivy League student named Russel and his girlfriend Sandra, Ben with his girlfriend Kate, and a snobbish socialite named Melissa. Michael's cousin Nick  is smitten by Tina and attempts to befriend her, much to Melissa's chagrin. Tina, eager to forge normal relationships with her peers, attempts to make friends with the others, with mixed results. After a particularly stressful session with Dr. Crews, Tina flees the house to the dock to grieve and senses the presence of Jason's severely decayed body in the lake. Mistaking it for her father, she focuses her powers and inadvertently resurrects Jason and frees him. Tina faints upon seeing him, and he swims to shore unobserved; upon hearing the story, Crews dismisses the incident as a hallucination. Michael's car breaks down en route to the cabin and are killed when Jason comes across them; he later kills another couple at their campsite. Tina has a vision of Michael's death and discovers the tent spike used to kill them embedded in the porch door; when she tries to show Crews the evidence she finds it missing and doubts her sanity. Jason begins to kill Michael's friends throughout the course of the night as they venture outside: Russel with an axe, Sandra by drowning, and Maddy with a sickle. Dr. Crews, meanwhile, has suspicions about Tina's vision of a "man in the lake" after it is revealed he has hidden the tent spike, and goes for a walk in the woods, where he comes across Michael's body wedged in a tree. He returns to find that Mrs. Shepard has read his notes and discovered his motives. Desperate to get away, Crews cancels the trip and intends to take Tina back to have her committed and drugged. Tina overhears the argument and flees in her mother's car. She has a vision of Jason killing her mother and veers off the road. Mrs. Shepard and Dr. Crews discover her car and go into the woods to find her. Jason kills Ben and Kate in the party van, while Melissa abruptly cancels a feigned affair with Eddie and leaves in search of Nick; Jason enters the vacation cabin to murder the remaining teens. Tina and Nick reunite in the woods and discover Michael's body. They return to the lake house and discover evidence of Crews' deception, and Jason's true identity. Nick runs next door to warn his friends, but finds them all dead, and Tina runs to the woods to find her mother, unaware that Jason has killed both her and Dr. Crews. She finds Jason's victims strewn across the woods, including the body of her mother. Tina returns to the vacation cabin and finds Jason waiting for her. Distraught over the events, she focuses her rage and attacks Jason with her powers. A house-wide battle ensues between the two, but despite enduring a battery of assaults--including electrocution--Jason proves impervious to their lethality. Eventually Tina collapses the porch roof on Jason and assumes him dead. She returns to the lake house to find Nick and Melissa. Melissa is unnerved by their stories and storms out of the house, but as she opens the door, Jason kills her with an axe and pursues Nick and Tina through the house. Tina fights back, eventually splitting his mask in half and throwing him into the basement, where she uses her powers to immolate him. The fire grows out of control and Nick rescues her. They escape the house to the dock just as the house explodes. Jason survives the blast and attacks them, knocking Nick unconscious and incapacitating Tina. In a last, desperate effort, Tina reaches out with her mind as before. Her resurrected father bursts through the dock and wraps Jason's old chains around his neck and drags him into the lake, ultimately drowning him. The following morning, firefighters douse the remaining blaze and find Jason's mask. Nick wakes up in an ambulance next to Tina and anxiously asks about Jason. Tina tells him that "we took care of him" as the ambulance drives off to town. An alternate ending filmed but cut from the final release, showed Jason rising from the water and attacking a fisherman in his boat dragging him under.