Bernard "Bernie" Fine is a highly successful businessman who moves from New York City to San Francisco for his work at the west coast Wolff's department store. One day, he meets Liz O'Reilly, a single mother who was left by her husband Chandler Scott around the time of her daughter Jane's birth. Although his mother Ruth, a proud Jew, is not enthusiastic about Liz's religious background, Bernie eventually marries her. Soon, she becomes pregnant and gives birth to a son, Alexander. Life is looking great for the couple. Everything changes when Chandler Scott comes back into their lives. Liz, fearing he will be a part of Jane's life, offers him $25,000 to leave without ever returning. This is despite their lawyer's strong advice not to offer him money, explaining it is illegal. Meanwhile, after Alexander is born, Liz is diagnosed with bone cancer. She refuses chemotherapy until Bernie encourages her it's the right thing to do, although Liz tells Bernie she will continue her job teaching at elementary school and finish out the school year. But as Liz begins to lose her hair, Ruth turns around and buys a wig for her, and apologizes to Liz for not giving her a chance. Finally Liz decides to give up on chemotherapy, explaining she does not want to spend her final days on medicine. Even though never showing it, Liz's health detoriates and after an emotional farewell she dies. Bernie buys a vacation cottage in Napa Valley, and hopes to start a new life with Jane and Alexander. Tragedy strikes again when Jane is kidnapped by Chandler. Bernie is furious and desperate to save her. Frustrated by the police's incapability to search for her, he uses the help of private detectives to locate her himself. He secretly brings her back home. While Bernie is handling all his current problems, he falls in love with a single doctor, Molly, who lives in Napa. As they become closer, Jane fears she may lose Bernie's love, until Ruth talks with her about how Bernie will never lose love for her, even if he marries somebody new. After Bernie and Molly have been going out for some time, Bernie then decides on staying and starting a new life in Napa, including opening a new store in an old schoolhouse, which he later names "Fine Things," after all the fine things that have come into Bernie's life. After a long time of no communication, Chandler sets a trial date to demand full custody of Jane. Chandler is about to win the case, until evidence is leaked Chandler was involved with a cocaine smuggle. Bernie wins official custody of Jane and they happily live ever after with Molly, Bernie's new girlfriend Jane initially disapproved, but learns to like. The movie closes with Bernie and Molly taking Jane and Alexander to see his new store, and he surprises Jane with a new dog. Knowing how much she means to Bernie, Jane feels she can finally accept a new life, and chooses to call Bernie daddy.