The documentary consists of interviews with veterans and leaders from Portugual, Guinea and Cape Verde. Those countries lived through the conflict spanning from 1963 to 1974, a conflict between the PAIGC  and Portuguese troops. In 1995, Diana Andringa, the director of the film, visited the town of Geba as a reporter and there she found a stone half-destroyed in the name of the Portuguese soldiers killed on African soil. This was the starting point for this work. Along with Flora Gomes, the second director, the two directors produced a documentary which is the result of two points of view of Portugal and Guiné, about one of the bloodiest conflicts suffered during the Portuguese Colonial War. For six weeks, Diana Andringa and Flora Gomes traveled through the regions of Mansoa, Geba, and guilegar in Guinea-Bissau,Cape Verde and Portugal where they collected the testimonies of people who lived through the colonial war. Throughout the documentary we see the homage to Amilcar Cabral, founder of the PAIGC. The testimonies show the magnitude of Cabral who, despite being in the middle of the conflict between the two countries, has never ceased to feel to the Portuguese people as something of their own. According to Amilcar, there existed between the two sides a complicity that went beyond the war. "We're not fighting against the Portuguese people, but against colonialism," words that show how many of the Portuguese colonies were joined in solidarity with revolutionary movements for independence. It was the case of PAIGC in Guinea-Bissau and Cape Verde, the MPLA  in the case of Angola and FRELIMO  in the case of Mozambique. Therefore, it is no accident that it was in Guinea where the captains' movement  grew, leading to the Carnation Revolution of April 25th 1974. The war resulted in two victories: the independence of Guinea-Bissau and Cape Verde and democracy in Portugal. It is this "paired adventure" that Andringa and Flora want to tell through the voices of those who lived through the conflict. Diana Andringa and Flora Gomes are the narrators of the documentary. The soundtrack is made up of music from Portuguese, Guinea and Cape Verde from the featured period.