Janie Jessmon  is a typical 16 year old teenager, who has everything she ever needed out of life, great parents  and Sara Charlotte , until one day she spots a missing child, named Jennifer Sands, on the back of a milk carton and believes it to be her. When her mother is out for the night, Jenny/Janie searches the attic where she finds a trunk containing items from a girl named "Hannah" and the dress worn by the child in the milk carton photo. When Jenny/Janie confronts her parents about the fact that she has no baby photos and they refuse to provide her with a birth certificate to get her driver's permit, they admit that they are her grandparents and that Hannah is her real mother. They tell her that Hannah was involved in a cult and showed up at their door one day with 3 year old Jenny/Janie in tow. But for Jenny/Janie, the facts still fail to add up. Unable to escape the thought that her parents could have kidnapped her, Jenny/Janie first writes a letter to the Sands, but is unable to send it. Jenny/Janie and her friend Reeve , track down the Sands family and realize she must be the missing Jennifer as she has exactly the same red hair as every member of their family. Unable to keep the secret from her parents any longer as she lost the letter and thought someone might have sent it, Jenny/Janie tells her them what she's learned, showing them the milk carton. Jenny/Janie's parents believe that Hannah may have kidnapped Jenny/Janie and posed her as her own child. Jenny/Janie is quickly reunited with her biological parents, Jonathan and Sada Sands , and her older brother Stephen and younger sister Jodie. Though her parents and sister are happy, neither Jenny/Janie nor Stephen are exactly thrilled. Unable to enjoy being a part of the family and despising being called "Jenny", both Jenny/Janie and Sada both come to realize she stopped being Jenny when she lived with the Jessmons and has to be returned to where she really belongs. When Jenny/Janie decides to run away back to the Jessmons, Stephen tracks her down at a bus station and tells her why he'd been so hostile towards her: when they were little, they had been at a shoe store with their mother and Jodie, and Stephen was supposed to watch her and hold her hand, but he didn't, which is why Hannah  had taken her. Jenny/Janie says she forgives him and they make peace. Her father Jonathan, though sad, accepts this while Jodie and Stephen don't. However, Jenny/Janie tells Jodie they are still and always will be sisters, and Stephen apologizes again for having let go of her hand. As Sada and Jenny/Janie are driving back to the Jessmons', she tells her about the day at the shoe store, and Jenny/Janie says she's sorry she was bad and that she shouldn't have gone with Hannah, but Sada tells her that this was not her fault. As Jenny/Janie leaves with her adoptive father into their house, Sada comes face to face with her daughter's adoptive mother Miranda, who extends her hand to her. Sada says, "Take care of our daughter", and Miranda responds, "I know how you are feeling", to which Sada tells her, "You're the only other one who would."