 The film begins with Piotr Balicki , a young and idealistic lawyer who is about to take the bar exam. Jacek Łazar  is a 21 year-old man, coming from the countryside. He wanders the streets of Warsaw and has apparently nothing to do. He keeps asking about a taxi stand but the first one he finds is very busy. Waldemar Rekowski, a middle-aged taxicab driver , overweight, cruel-looking, lives in the Dekalog apartment block. He enjoys the freedom of his profession, with a wage and the power to ignore people whom he does not want to take in his taxi, as well as ogling young ladies. Jacek plays stupid, pointless and ruthless jokes on people like throwing a stranger into the urinals in a public toilet, dropping stones from a bridge onto passing vehicles, or shooing pigeons which an old woman wants to feed. He has a photograph of a little girl blown up and then goes to a cafe. The taxi driver wanders around the city looking for a client. Jacek keeps a length of rope in his bag and a stick; he wraps a bit of rope around his hand but stops when he spots two girls playing at the other side of the window at the cafe and he engages in a game with them. He then goes to a taxi stop and jumps into a taxi, after declining to cede his taxi to other people who seem much busier. The taxi driver happens to be Waldemar Rekowski. Jacek asks to be driven to a part of the city near the countryside. There, Jacek kills the driver using the rope in a brutal and extended scene in which he has to finish his killing using a big stone. He then takes the taxi to the river and dumps the body. Jacek turns on the radio and a children's song can be heard, which clearly upsets him. Jacek is imprisoned and talking to his lawyer Piotr, for whom this is the first case after finishing his studies. There is neither much evidence nor motive for this murder. Piotr has no chance defending his young client, and the outcome is a foregone conclusion. Nonetheless, Piotr is told by the judge that his arguments and legal strategy were outstanding. Jacek gets the death penalty by hanging. Before the execution Jacek asks to speak one last time to Piotr  and reveals that his baby sister died five years ago in an accident caused by a truck that his friend was driving under the influence. He never recovered from this and asks to be buried next to her and the blown up photo given to his mother. The execution time has come, Jacek is held by several policemen on his to the execution, chained by hands and legs. The judgment itself is performed with no less coldness than the act committed by Jacek. The final scene finds Piotr sitting in his car in the countryside, desperately repeating, "I abhor it, I abhor it." Film review on www.film.u.net.com Story review on www.ruthlessreviews.com Synopsis on www.facets.orgSynopsis on www.rottentomatoes.com