Business man Sam, his wife Liz and his brother musician Nick with his girlfriend Christine are driving through a remote countryside. Nick, not wanting to arrive at their father's birthday dinner after them is driving erratically and fast, but when he takes a shortcut to a back road through some woodlands. Several miles in, the tire gets a flat and they are unable to get cell phone signals to call for help. While repairing the car, Sam confronts Nick about how he thinks Nick is wasting his life being a musician, his latest fling with Christine being another mistake on his judgement list. As they are arguing, they are approached by a grizzly bear. Despite efforts of Nick to convince the group to calmly leave, Sam takes matters into his own hands and shoots the bear down with a handgun. After the bear dies, they are approached by a larger male bear who charges them in revenge, causing them to retreat into their car. In his rage, the bear overturns the car, trapping the humans inside. After striding around for several minutes, the bear leaves, allowing the crew to turn the car back over. But as they start driving, the axles break under both sets of tires, stranding them again. The group tries to leave on foot, but they are ambushed by the bear who chases them to an out-of-ground pipe. He tricks them into leaving for the car again and attacks again; this time he is able to catch Christine who is killed then dragged away while the others watch. Nick begins to think that the bear is taking out his revenge on them one-by-one due to a native American legend that bears are actually the reincarnated spirits of shaman and are capable of human thoughts and emotion. Sam dismisses this and they set a trap to try to keep the bear in the car in order for them to escape. The trap is sprung, but Nick is nearly killed by the bear, forcing Sam and Liz to release the bear and retreat back into the vehicle themselves. Sam opts as a marathon runner to jog the several miles to the restaurant, but when he arrives he is attacked before he can get help by the bear who followed him. Meanwhile, Liz tells Nick that she and Sam have been having serious financial troubles which has caused a rift in their marriage putting him into extraordinary debt and possibly under scrutiny for embezzlement from Sam's company, which is the reason he gave their father a Porsche . Sam is returned rather violently by the bear and released to climb into the car. Nick surmises there must be a reason Sam had been returned, and Liz reveals to him that she's pregnant. But it was established earlier that due to the rift in their marriage, they hadn't slept together in about six months while she is two months pregnant. Nick realizes that he is the father, due to an affair he and Liz had months prior which breaks Sam's heart and Nick realizes the true reason the bear had locked all three of them together; Sam, realizing that Liz might be happier with Nick offers to sacrifice himself and attack the bear so the other two can escape, as he is dying, Nick rushes to help and is killed as well. The bear approaches Liz, who sinks to her knees as the bear sniffs her, closing her eyes ready to die. But the attack never comes, and the bear instead leaves her alone, likely having sensed her pregnancy. As she begins down the road by herself, the camera turns to the bodies of Sam and Nick lying next to each other and the screen goes black.