The film starts in the 1980s. A young Shiva  is taught by his grandfather  to be bold and brave and fight against all odds, especially all that's evil. Shiva grows up with his grandfather's words as the Bhagavad Gita. However, Shiva's parents  want him to lead a peaceful life. Shiva gets arrested by the police after fighting with another law student, Guna who is one of Gowri's gang. Enters Priya , a law college student. She is the daughter of a police official . She bails Shiva out and falls for him after seeing him fight for other people's good. Eventually Shiva too falls for her. Guna wants revenge as Shiva had humiliated him in front of everyone. He wants Shiva dead. Things take a turn when Shiva goes to the bus stop with his friend to pick up Ramanujam's  father. There, a couple of rowdies kidnap a young girl. Shiva could not stand this and fights with them. Gowri was one of the rowdies there and Shiva hits him. Gowri is infuriated and wants Shiva dead at any cost. Shiva's entire family stops talking to Shiva though he insisted that what he did was for the good. Shiva's sister gets married to Ramanujam eventually, and his brother  marries his longtime love. These marriages happens without Shiva's knowledge and he becomes shocked and shattered. He packs up and leaves his house since he realises that his presence will only make things dangerous for his family. He takes his grandfather's photo along with him. Shiva and her sister Kavitha  the lawyer who helps Shiva to escapes when he is caught by police. Meanwhile, Gowri threatens Priya and she marries Shiva though her father warns her about the danger surrounding him. Shiva's father comes to their house one day and tells Priya to convince Shiva to leave for Delhi the next morning where Priya's father had fixed a job for Shiva. Though Shiva was reluctant at first, he eventually agrees and they start packing. As Shiva sets out to bring an auto, Gowri's gang who had been planning to kill Shiva waits for him and attacks him. The rest, which is supplemented by electrifying stunt sequences, is about how Shiva emerges victor against all odds. The story ends with a thrilling and sad climax. Guna, who is still angry with Shiva kidnaps Priya. Shiva after hearing a woman's scream for help starts running to save her, however his father and Priya's father try to hold him back as they did not want any more trouble. Shiva eventually reaches the place where he sees Guna slit Priya's throat. Guna is shot dead. The film ends with Shiva carrying Priya and screaming in agony.