The Angels, Dylan, Natalie and Alex, are hired to locate a set of titanium rings stolen from the Department of Justice that, when put together in a special machine, will display a list of all individuals in the witness protection program. Having discovered that one person on the list has been killed, the Angels investigate the scene and discover evidence suggesting that the killer is a surfer with a scar on one leg. Having tracked the killer to his next victim - who is subsequently sent to Bosley's house for protection - it is revealed that angel Dylan was once named Helen Zaas and is in the program herself for sending her former boyfriend Seamus - a member of the O'Grady mafia family - to jail. Although they recover the rings, Dylan leaves the Angels because she doesn't want to endanger them with Seamus' vendetta, but a vision of former Angel Kelly Garrett prompts her to return. Dylan and the others deduce that former angel Madison Lee is the perpetrator of the crimes due to her being the only individual possessing the necessary contacts to carry out such a scheme. Madison, having concluded "Why be an Angel, when [she] can be God", shoots the Angels and reacquires the rings- although the Angels are saved by their specially-designed Kevlar vests- returns to the agency to "confront" Charlie, rejecting his attempts to remind her that the Angels are a family and shooting his speaker off the desk, coldly sneering that she wasn't just a good Angel, but was the best, rejecting the idea that she ever needed her teammates. Learning that the rings will be sold after a rendezvous on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, the Angels travel to Hollywood. They set the Antonioni Crime Family, the Tanaka Yakuza, and the Diablo Cartel up to be caught by the FBI in a faked rendezvous. With Madison having contacted the O'Gradys to act as security, Alex and Dylan take out the O'Gradys, while Natalie and Madison go head-to-head themselves. Seamus kills the Thin Man as he shares a kiss with Dylan and Seamus and Dylan fight but when Seamus was about to burn her with his lighter, she kicks him off the building and he falls to his death, with the Angels subsequently stopping Madison's attempt to blow up the premiere of Alex's boyfriend Jason's new movie thanks to Bosley knocking the bomb away. Although Madison tries to escape, the Angels defeat her in a final confrontation in an abandoned theatre, throwing her through a gas main just as she fires her gun, causing an explosion that kills her. The film ends with the Angels celebrating their victory with Bosley.