Karim is the son of rajah and jewel merchant Hamid, traveling with him through India. On their twentieth day, after hearing a speech of his father about the importance of gratitude, they are attacked by a group of bandits. Karim's life is saved by Rao Rama, a holy man who hides Karim in a shallow grave. A massacre is caused, but Karim is unnoticed and, unlike his father, survives the tragedy. He is left with his highly valuable diamond. Karim next journeys to Bombay, where he attempts to sell the diamond in in a jewelry store. Feeling that they aren't offering him enough money, he leaves. The corrupt store owners, hoping to someway make profit, run out of the store and claim that Karim is a thief. He is taken in arrest and, unable to prove he is the true owner of his father's diamond, faces a long prison sentence. William Darsay, an American witness, saves him by revealing the truth and Karim is released. Some time later, Karim becomes one of the wealthiest men of Bombay, attending many high society social functions. At a polo match, he meets Janice Darsey, an attractive young American woman accompanied by her aunt and Dr. Wallace. Feeling attracted to each other, they are soon romanced. This is much to Mrs. Darsey's dislike, who doesn't approve her niece dating an Indian man. She attempts to sabotage their relationship by announcing that they will leave for Kolkota. Janice, however, does not want to leave Karim and runs away from her aunt to secretly accompany Karim on a tiger hunt. When her aunt finds out, she is infuriated and immediately calls for William, who happens to be Janice's brother. During the hunt, Karim notices his father's killer. Upon confronting him, the murderer starts a shooting. Janice starts to hide and stumbles upon a poisonous plant. Karim brings her to safety and removes the poison, after which they become engaged. Back at home, William and Mrs. Darsey try to stop the marriage by telling them lies, but Karim and Janice come to the conclusion that their love for each other is stronger.