 Army helicopter pilot, Captain Colter Stevens , last aware of being on a mission in Afghanistan, wakes up on a commuter train traveling to Chicago. He finds that to the world around him – including his traveling partner Christina Warren  and the bathroom mirror – he appears to be Sean Fentress, a school teacher. As he comes to grips with this revelation, the train car explodes, killing everyone aboard. Stevens regains consciousness inside an unfamiliar cockpit. Through a screen, Air Force Captain Colleen Goodwin  verifies Stevens's identity. She explains Stevens is in the "Source Code", an experimental device created by scientist Dr. Rutledge ([[Jeffrey Wright . The Code allows its user to experience the last eight minutes of another compatible person's life within an alternate timeline.It is stated that eight minutes is the length of short-term memory, and that one of the bombing's victims had neural pathways similar enough to Stevens's to allow Source Code to take advantage of a quantum effect reminiscent of a light bulb being switched off, allowing this period to be retroactively accessed for some time after the death and alternate histories explored. It is believed that these alternate histories are not "real" and cease after the eight minutes; they can be used only to gain information. Stevens's mission is to use Source Code to discover the location of a bomb aboard the train and identify the bomber who detonated it. Goodwin explains that the train explosion occurred that morning, and was a warning by the bomber as a precursor to a larger dirty bomb that will be detonated in downtown Chicago. Stevens is unwillingly sent back into the Source Code to try again. Stevens is sent back into the Source Code several times, trying different approaches each time including trying to warn the authorities on the train and trying to flee with Christina. None of these attempts are successful and in each case he is returned to the Source Code to try again. During one of Stevens's attempts, he learns that the train explosion occurred two months after an incident in Afghanistan which reportedly killed him. Once he discovers this, he demands more information from Goodwin. She explains that the remains of his body are in fact on life-support at the Source Code facility while his mind is hooked up to a computer system, the cockpit being a mental projection of his own mind to cope with the experience. Angered to discover this, Stevens requests that his life support be terminated after the mission is completed, to which Dr. Rutledge agrees. Stevens eventually identifies both the bomber, a young man, Derek Frost , and the rented white van that he will use to carry the bomb into the center of Chicago. On his return, Stevens's information is successfully used by the military to capture Frost before he can trigger the bomb. Stevens is praised as a hero, but in private, Rutledge tells Goodwin to renege on the deal, and instead to wipe Stevens's memory so he can be used the next time there is such an incident. Stevens learns that the promise to him has been violated, and convinces Goodwin to let him return to Source Code once more, after which she will disable his life support, against Rutledge's orders. Once back aboard the train, Stevens disarms the bomb, subdues Frost, and handcuffs him to a railing. Stevens calls the authorities to identify Frost and inform them of the location of the dirty bomb. He then calls his estranged father under the guise of a fellow soldier, mending the emotional distance between them. He challenges an embittered comic  to perform a stand-up routine on the train, causing laughter throughout the entire train car, and then takes Christina aside. Asking her what she would do if she knew that she only had seconds left to live, Stevens begins to kiss her as his last seconds run out. As promised, at this exact moment, Goodwin disables his life-support and the scene reveals his actual, physical body as severely mutilated and comatose. Time freezes, but Stevens is surprised to find himself finishing the kiss, still aboard the train with Christina. He realizes that he will remain in the alternate timeline of the un-bombed train. The train arrives safely in Chicago, and he and Christina walk together and discuss their future. Later that morning, Goodwin arrives for work at Nellis Air Force Base and receives a text that Stevens had sent earlier, just as news breaks of the failed bombing attempt in Chicago. The text explains that the Source Code effectively allows the user to change history within alternate timelines. Stevens' text ends with him proposing to Goodwin that when his alternate self in this timeline is used in a future Source Code mission, Goodwin should help him, and tell him that "everything is gonna be okay."