The film opens on the building of Sodor's new Search and Rescue Center, which will serve as the base operations for Harold, Rocky, and a new lifeboat named Captain. Rare wood called "Jobi wood" has arrived from Hiro's homeland to be used in completing the Center. All of the engines are excited about this and want to help deliver the wood to the Search and Rescue Center. Diesel is determined to show how useful he is, so he decides to take the Jobi Wood to the Search and Rescue Center himself and races down the line with it. Thomas notices that Diesel is going too fast and chases after him. Diesel ends up dangling from an unfinished bridge. The Jobi wood ends up falling off the unfinished bridge into the river below. Diesel is rescued by Thomas, but now, there's no wood to build the Search and Rescue Center. For his heroic rescue, Thomas is given the job of heading to the mainland to find more Jobi Wood. He is told that there is no more room on the steam boat and that he must wait for the next boat, but Thomas notices a raft being dragged behind the boat and asks if he can be carried on the raft. Thomas says goodbye to the other engines at Brendam Docks and sets off across the sea to the mainland. That night, the coupling on the raft breaks and Thomas is left floating all alone at sea. The next day, Thomas gets stranded on a mysterious island known as Misty Island. Thomas decides to explore the island, which is filled with rickety tracks, secret hideouts, and old bridges. Upon exploring this mysterious island, Thomas discovers that the island has its own rail system and meets three strange engines named Bash, Dash, and Ferdinand, known as the "Logging Locos". The Logging Locos explain to Thomas that they were sent to the island after causing trouble on the mainland. Thomas also discovers that Jobi trees grow on Misty Island and there is logging equipment to load it for him. With help from his new friends, Thomas tries to find his way back to Sodor and uncovers more of the island's mysteries, including a tunnel connecting Misty Island with Sodor. Meanwhile, out at sea, Harold and Captain are searching for Thomas. Thomas decides to take the Logging Locos with him and haul a load of Jobi wood to Sodor by way of the tunnel. However, the tunnel collapses, trapping the engines. Thomas then tries the smoke signals that Salty had told him about. The smoke signals are spotted by Percy, and he gives the news to the Fat Controller, who sails with Edward, Gordon, and James to Misty Island in hopes of finding Thomas. Meanwhile, Percy and Whiff go through the tunnel eventually reaching the blockade. The two engines break through the blockade and find Thomas and his new friends. Percy, Whiff, Thomas, and the Logging Locos all return to Sodor. Thomas then sails back to Misty Island to find Edward, Gordon, James, and the Fat Controller. Once Thomas, the Fat Controller and the other engines are back on Sodor, Bash, Dash, and Ferdinand are all restored at the Sodor Steamworks. The Logging Locos help the other engines build the Search and Rescue Center. Soon the Search and Rescue Center opens and the Misty Island Tunnel is restored. In the final scene after the credits, Diesel 10 rolls up to the edge of a cliff, glares down at the engines laughing with their new friends at the Search and Rescue Center, and remarks that they will be laughing on the other sides of their boilers soon. This scene is a sneak preview of the next "Thomas and Friends" special, "Day of the Diesels".