Linda Gault, once a member of a struggling family, nowadays is a philandering elitist by marriage who casually seduces men for their money. Her husband Geoffrey has found out about his wife's infidelities, and benefits from it by encouraging Linda to collect investment recommendations from one of her lovers, high profile financier John Fair. Linda is unamused with her husband's desire, claiming that finances have killed their loving marriage. Nevertheless, she does as her husband asks her to, and afterwards feels ashamed about it. Fair soon grows suspicious of Linda's intentions and refuses to divulge any information on the direction of the stock market. Not wanting to admit that she was unable to manipulate men by charming them any longer, Linda lies to her husband about the strength of the market. Shortly later, Geoffry loses all of his money because of the Wall Street Crash of 1929. Impoverished, Linda, who is unaware of the financial situation, is sent by her husband to live in Bermuda. There, she is romanced by Ronnie Sanderson, an Australian sheep rancher. Ronnie proposes Linda to live with him in Australia, but she hesitates to, feeling Australia has nothing to offer her. However, when she learns about her husband having become broke, she is eager to profit from Ronnie in every way possible. Ronnie, who has found out about Linda's reason behind her flirtations, shows no longer any interest in her. Linda is able to manipulate Ronnie into falling for her and he expresses his interest in marrying her if she first returns to New York City to divorce her husband. Once in New York and announcing the divorce, Geoffrey reacts in laughter, telling her she will never marry a sheep rancher. Meanwhile, Linda's maid Celeste steals Linda's juwelry to save her boyfriend Arthur from jail. Linda now realizes she is completely broke and lands a job as a clothing store's clerk. She is surprised by a visit from Ronnie, who insists on taking her to Australia immediately. Geoffrey, who is not willing to let go his wife, warns Ronnie about Linda's spoiled character, but Ronnie does not feel threatened. On the evening Linda is leaving, Geoffrey confronts Fair with losing all of his money because of Fair's supposed statement to Linda. They initially quarrel, but in the end, Geoffrey receives some of the money he lost as a borrow. Back home, he receives a visit from Linda, who initially has come to say goodbye. They realize the faults they have made in the past and are reconciled.