The film is an ensemble piece in which the five protagonists plan, enjoy and come down from a weekend out in Cardiff; all motivated at least in part by the need for a weekend escape from the difficulties and contradictions of their daily lives. Jip, the male lead, is suffering from sexual anxiety brought on by a series of unsuccessful liaisons.<ref namehttp://www.bbc.co.uk/films/2001/03/16/human_traffic_1999_review.shtml|title2010-01-09}}<ref namehttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt0188674/quotes|title2010-01-11}} Koop, Jip's best friend, is jealous of his girlfriend Nina's easygoing and popular nature. Nina is being sexually harassed in a job she had no choice but to take after having failed a college interview. Lulu, Jip's best female friend and "dropping partner", has suffered infidelity in her last 3 relationships. Moff, the newest member of the group having met Jip at a warehouse party after moving from London to Cardiff, is unemployed and scrapes a living as a small time dealer, despite his father being a senior policeman. The five friends become very close, take drugs such as cannabis, ecstasy and cocaine, and "live for the weekend". The film follows the exploits of the five friends as well as various characters they meet along the way. They go to pubs and clubs on Friday, taking along Nina's 17-year old brother Lee whose waning enthusiasm for his first drugs experience is played out in a cameo debate between Jip and a doctor. Jip gives up his ticket to Lulu, whom he has talked into coming out and is forced to talk his way into the club as the group are a ticket short. The club scene is then examined through a series of cameos including two attempts by older journalists to understand the club scene. The ensemble then joins a house party, where Lulu and Jip finally kiss and attempt unsuccessfully to make love; whereas the established couple, Koop and Nina, argue over Koop's perceptions about her behaviour. Later, the group finds out "what goes up must come down" as the effects of their drug use begin to hit home leaving them coping with feelings of illness and paranoia. They recover Lee from a group of younger partygoers he has spent the night with and make their way home. On returning home, some of the group's issues are resolved whilst some are thrown into sharper relief. Jip makes love to Lulu, overcoming his sexual paranoia. Koop and Nina's issues are set aside. Lee has made it through the weekend without any of his concerns being realised. Moff, however, is still caught up in the paranoia caused by his extensive drug use. He argues with his parents again and is seen walking alone around Cardiff looking dejected. However, Moff joins his friends for an end of the weekend drink and having raged about his difficulties with drugs is soon joking about his excesses with his friends. The film finishes with Jip and Lulu kissing in the street after the manner of classic Hollywood films.