The film is set in a rundown, crime ridden neighborhood of Istanbul dubbed "Cholera Street" . Salih is a mechanic and son of a respected barber Ali. A woman Tina arrives at Cholera street where she takes up residence and works as a prostitute. Deniz is a gangster who gives himself the nickname "Reiss" , tries to take control of the neighbourhood through intidimation. After Reiss takes over a horse stable and causes the suicide of the owner, Arap Sado  challenges Reiss to a knife duel and after defeating him, demands that he leave the neighbhorhood. One night, a prostittute is murdered with her genitals cut out, and this causes fears of a serial killer on the loose called the "Kolera Canavarı" . Sado is targeted by Reis' men in a driveby shooting and he dies in Salih's arms after giving him his prized pocket knife, With Sado dead, Reiss opens a casino and seeks to dominate the neighboud. At the opening of Sado's bust, Salih and Reiss clash on the street, during which the public defies Reis and side with Salih. Tina invites Salih to her home that night, after which Tina and Salih become a couple. Salih gets Tina to promise that she will give up prostitution, but this causes hardship because they now have no income . The "Cholera Monster" strikes again and murders "Puma" Zehra  on Salih's watch . Reiss takes advantage of the situation, declaring himself protector of the neighborhood and turning the public against Salih. Salih becomes suspicious after Tina returns late and confronts her about it.Tina tries to justify her returning to prostitution by saying that they needed money to survive. While Tina runs away from an angry Salih, she is attacked by the "Cholera Monster" but Salih manages save her and subdue him. Tina's former pimp Nihat is distraught at the loss of his livelihood and his treatment at hands of Tina. He goes to Reis who takes him in and draws up a scheme to get rid of Salih. After being provoked by Reis, Nihat attacks Tina and slashes her cheek with a blade at a wedding. Salih runs him down, kills him and cuts his cheek off with a knife. The corrupt police chief who is under Reis' pay, arrests Salih and tries to force him to confess to the murder. Reis approaches Tina and makes a deal that he will get Salih released if she gives herself to him. When Salih returns home, he finds Reiss and Tina together in bed; he becomes distraught and cuts himself and bleeds to death. As an act of revenge, Tina gets into Reis' car and blows it up with Reiss and herself in it.