The movie is about the journey of a Malayali youth Anwar  into the clutches of anti-social elements. The protagonist has another hidden agenda in joining the terrorist outfit. The movie opens with the visuals of Coimbatore bomb blast and the introduction of a special team under Stalin Manimaran  who arrests Babu Sait ([[Lal , a local community leader as a suspect in the bomb blast case. Meanwhile, Anwar a Muslim youth is arrested while passing on with some Hawala money and is sent to jail with Babu Sait and his team. Anwar performs his Namaaz daily five times.He is also fascinated by the terrorist activities of Babu Sait. Babu Sait helps Anwar in getting a bail and lures him to his activities. Anwar is attracted towards Terror acts and even successfully terminates two local drug dealers. Soon he becomes the most trusted and obedient right hand of Babu Sait. Anwar succeeds in planting a bomb in the police Headquarters and is soon introduced to Basheer Bhai , who selects him to spearhead another big, but dangerous project of chain blasts. Their plans were to plant a series of chain blasts in Mumbai. Though Anwar goes on with their plans, he has a haunting flashback,which forms the twist in the story.Babu Sait Shows the pictures of the coimbatore blast,which diverts Anwar to his flashback. The Flashback goes like this: Anwar and his family is a family that lives in a rural area of Palakkad. Anwar is an NRI that lives in America and came back home for his sister's wedding & engagement. It is shown in the movie that the starting of the Flashback starts with the engagement of his Sister. Her best friend Ayesha is with her and Anwar has a crush on her when he sees her.His family knows about this and proposes to her. She accepts. But when they go out for shopping to Coimbatore, Anwar goes out of the cloth shop to buy some refreshments when suddenly the blast happens, killing the whole family except him.Meanwhile,Ayesha is arrested & then Anwar goes out to Stalin for her bail. But he refused and told it could not be done due to lack of proof. He then told Stalin that he will help in the discovery of the terrorists,which lead to the present part of the story. Both of them have a secret meeting about the bomb blasts planned by Babu Sait & co. Stalin brought Ayesha so that they could meet after a long time. But then Babu Sait's Men comes and Stalin told Anwar to act as they were having a fight,and one of the men shot Stalin, hereby killing Stalin,thinking that Anwar was having a fight.But after that, Anwar was given the big responsibility of transporting the deadly terrorists to Mumbai,via a ship containing full of explosives & weapons.Anwar at first made them think that he was on their side, and then blasted the ship by firing on it and killing all of the terrorists. Babu Sait was angry that Anwar cheated them,but Anwar says about his parents, their flashbacks and after which Babu Sait suicides. Anwar then calls the phone of Stalin which is under the police custody.He tells that the mission is over. After that it is narrated that Stalin & his colleague got bravery awards but no one has recognised the life-death battle Anwar has played. The film ends when both Anwar & Ayesha are in a quiet place, living together in a small house. When the credits of the film role,the song "Njan" sung by both the male&female lead is played,thus ending the film.