After his mother dies from an overdose of heroin, 17-year-old Joshua 'J' Cody  asks his estranged grandmother, Janine 'Smurf' Cody , for advice about what he should do. She invites him to move in with her, and he accepts. She is the matriarch of a notorious Melbourne crime family, further consisting of her three sons. Her eldest son is an armed robber named Andrew 'Pope' Cody , and is in hiding from a group of renegade detectives. The middle brother, Craig , is a successful but volatile drug dealer, and youngest brother Darren ([[Luke Ford  follows the lead of his older brothers. J's uncle Craig takes J for a drive and at a traffic light, a car pulls up with two young men, with one making a few hostile remarks followed with a middle finger before taking off, possibly referencing previous altercations. Craig then follows the car, handing J a handgun, to an alley, where the car stops and the man gets out, attempting to provoke a fight between himself and Craig. Instead, Craig prompts J to get out of the car and scare off the assailant. Later, Pope's best friend and partner in crime Barry 'Baz' Brown  goes to meet Pope at a shopping center claiming that he wishes to quit the robbery game and settle down with his family, suggesting that Pope join him and the pair take up stock investment. As Baz goes to leave, he is encountered by police. After telling the police that Pope has left, the police shoot Baz dead. Pope and Craig want revenge, and ask J to steal a car and bring it to Darren's place. J complies, although they refuse to tell him the purpose. The car is then planted in the middle of a road. Two policemen are drawn to the scene, where they are ambushed and killed by Pope, Craig and Darren. The next day, Pope, Darren and J are arrested and taken in for questioning where J meets Detective Senior Sergeant Nathan Leckie  , one of the few non-corrupt police officers, who takes interest in J's situation and seeks to relieve him from it. The three are later released from custody. Later, Craig has escaped to a friend's house in regional Victoria, where he finds that he is being monitored. Despite an escape attempt, police arrive and kill Craig as he runs away. Meanwhile, J breaks up with his girlfriend Nicky at a bowling alley before Sergeant Leckie arrives and threatens to arrest him for underage drinking. Leckie takes J to a hotel, where he proposes that J be moved to a more permanent witness protection. J turns down the offer. The situation intensifies. While J is in police custody, Pope kills Nicky, as Darren watches because he incorrectly thought she had been talking to the police. When J returns to the house the next morning after spending the night with Leckie, he discovers Nicky's bracelet outside the house. He calls Nicky, and hears her cell phone near the house and realizes that she has been killed. Pope also hears the phone and comes outside. J flees the scene, running to Nicky's parents house to escape Pope. Pope chases after him but is unable to catch J. J calls on Detective Leckie and is taken into witness protection where he presumably implicates Pope and Darren in the police officers' deaths. This triggers the arrest of Pope and Darren, who are placed in jail. With Craig and Baz dead and Pope and Darren imprisoned, Smurf decides, "J needs to go," as he is the star witness in the murder case. Smurf uses her connections to procure J's address and organize a police raid on that address where J is in witness protection so that he can be shot and killed. However, J escapes when he sees armed police heading for the building. J then returns to Smurf's house, saying, "I can't live like this," and that he wishes to help free Pope and Darren from jail. To do this, the family's lawyer sets up J's answers so that a hole can be formed in the case, forcing the release of the pair from prison. Directly following the court session, Leckie visits J, asking him if he had found his place in the world. After Pope and Darren's release, J returns to Smurf's home asking to stay. After Smurf lets him in, J goes to greet Pope and Darren before going to his room. Pope enters and begins to talk to him, but is cut off when J shoots him in the head. In the final shot of the film, J returns to the living room to embrace Smurf.