The film opens with a dying Paul Krüger , speaking about his life to his nurse in a Geneva hotel. The rest of the film is told in flashback. Cecil Rhodes  has a great desire to acquire land in the region of the Boers for its gold deposits. He sends Dr Jameson  there to provoke border disturbances, and secures support from Joseph Chamberlain . When Chamberlain seeks the support of Queen Victoria  and her son Edward VII The Prince of Wales , she initially refuses but changes her mind when informed of the gold in the region. She invites Paul Krüger to London, and believes she is tricking him into signing a treaty. Krüger, being suspicious of the British, has his own plans. Krüger signs the treaty which gives the British access to the gold; however, he imposes high taxes and establishes a monopoly over the sale of TNT which forces the British to buy explosives at high prices. Hence, ultimately, Krüger out-tricks the British with the signing of the treaty. This impresses some of the British as they find an equal in Krüger in matters of cunning, which is supposed to be the defining characteristic of the British. Having been out-tricked, Rhodes tries to buy Krüger's allegiance. Krüger and his wife Sanna , however, is incorruptible. After being rejected, Rhodes shows Krüger a long list of members of the Boer council that work for the British. Krüger then becomes convinced that war is inevitable if the Boers are to keep their land. He declares war. Initially, the Boers are in the ascendancy, leading Britain to appoint Lord Kitchener  as Supreme Commander of the armed forces. Kitchener launches an attack on the civilian population, destroying their homes, using some as human shields and placing the women and children in concentration camps, in an attempt to damage the morale of the Boer Army. Krüger's son Jan , who has pro-British sentiments due to his Oxford education, visits a concentration camp to find his wife, Petra . He is caught and hanged, with his wife watching. When the women respond in anger, they are massacred. The flashback concludes in the Geneva hotel room. A dying Krüger prophesies the destruction of Britain by major world powers, which will make the world a better place to live in.