Seattle software company DigiCom is about to merge with a publishing company, and company founder and president Bob Garvin  is about to retire. Tom Sanders , head of manufacturing, expects to be promoted to run DigiCom after the merger. However, he learns that the post instead went to operations executive Meredith Johnson , a former girlfriend from long ago. Garvin introduces Meredith to her new associates. Co-workers like Mark Lewyn  comment to Tom on how attractive Meredith is. Others like chief financial officer Stephanie Kaplan  seem to be aware that Tom and Meredith had a relationship in the past. Late that evening, Meredith calls Tom into her office, ostensibly to discuss a project he is working on. Meredith aggressively tries to resume her romantic relationship with him. Tom resists  as he is now a married family man. He repeatedly tells Meredith "No." Meredith ignores Tom, aggressively forcing herself on him. Tom initially gives in, but after catching a glimpse of himself in a mirror, he regains control and pushes Meredith to the ground. As he leaves, Meredith threatens to make him pay for spurning her. The next day, Tom discovers that Meredith alleged sexual harassment against him to DigiCom. Colleagues refuse to believe his protestations of innocence and the company pressures him to accept reassignment to the company's Austin office. Tom does not want to do this, as he would lose his stock options, ruining his career and family. However, since no one believes his story and Meredith is now his boss, he appears to have no choice but to accept reassignment or be fired. Just as all seems hopeless, Tom receives an e-mail from someone identified only as "A Friend." It directs him to Seattle attorney Catherine Alvarez , who specializes in sexual harassment cases. Tom counter-sues, alleging that Meredith is the one who harassed him. Evidence is produced that supports Tom's story and refutes Meredith's testimony before a court mediator. The company backs down and gives him a large pay raise. Tom is celebrating his apparent victory, but receives another e-mail from "A Friend" warning him that all is not what it seems. It turns out that Meredith and Garvin's assistant, Philip Blackburn , changed the quality control specifications at the Malaysian plant manufacturing DigiCom's new advanced CD-ROM drive. The changes resulted in severe defects in the drive, and Meredith and Phil are trying to cover their tracks by getting Tom to take the fall for them. They plan to pin the blame on him at a conference the next day announcing the merger. The plan is to make Tom look incompetent, thereby giving them a valid reason to fire him. Tom cannot access a company computer to investigate because Meredith has locked him out of the system. He spends a tense and frantic night getting the information through a Virtual Reality demonstration machine left in the hotel room of executives from the merging company, with help from a colleague who owes him a favor. Armed with this information, he manages to again turn the tables on Meredith, exposing her involvement and getting her fired instead. Tom thinks this puts him back in the running to helm DigiCom, but Garvin instead names Stephanie, the low-key CFO, as his successor. Tom heartily approves. It occurs to him that her son, Spencer , could very well be the "friend" responsible for helping him via e-mail. With a knowing look, Spencer does not deny this. In the end, Tom is left in the same position he was in at the beginning of the film, but only after a narrow escape. He is left musing over the fact that two women  were responsible for saving him.