A container packed with fake currency is stopped at the check post by Thomas Kurien, an honest senior customs officer along with Rajath Naidu, the city commissioner of police. But he is shocked to find out that Rajat Naidu himself is a part of the gang, who shoots down Kurien to save himself. A few months later, Gyanashekhara Varma ([[Murali , IG of vigilance makes a controversial press conference, in which he alleges the role of hawala transactions in the sudden rise in the crimes in the state. His statements were directly pointed at seniors in the state cabinet and police department. Varma is summoned by the chief minister in the presence of John Vargeese ([[Siddique , Rajya Sabha MP, and is warned of serious actions, unless he gives a proper explanation in the next couple of days. Instead of falling in lines of CM, Varma threatens him of further revelations in coming days. The next morning Varma is found dead in his bedroom. John Vargeese, an MP with strong foreign relations is also involved in several hawala dealings taking place in the state including terror activities. Senior police office Chandrashekhar IPS is appointed to solve the mystery of Varma's death. Chandrasekhar is assisted by Joseph Pothen ([[Saikumar  and Sudev Sachidanand. In the mean time, Suhara Ahmed , a young journalist along with her friend Kishore is found missing. She is believed to have certain sensational information regarding minister Vakkachan . Chandrasekhar meets Vivekam Ahmed Sahib ([[Janardhanan , her father, who leads him to the personal computer of Suhara, which sheds light to certain truths. One day, Suhara is found in midst of a forest, critically wounded. Chandrasekhar gets her hospitalized, but her life is targeted many times. Chandrasekhar finds out shocking information regarding the anti-national activities of Vakachan along with John Vargeese from the video tapes of Suhara. Vakkachan is forced to resign from the cabinet and is arrested by Chandrasekhar, who then follows John Vargeese. He follows Vargeese to the sea port, from where he is planning to escape to Turkey. But, just minutes before he leaves coast, Vargeese is stopped by Chandrasekhar, who also finds out that his subordinate Sudev Sachidanand is none other than Musafir, an ISI agent who is also the murderer of Varma and Kishore, the friend of Suhara. Chandrasekhar shoots down both Musafir and John Vargeese.