Foster Brenner, a big time film executive, is killed by a bomb hidden underneath the diving board of his pool. Detective Jim Corrigan starts working on the case since he had a relationship with Brenner's daughter, Aimee, despite the Police Captain telling him its Lt. Brice's case. Jim goes to Flemming, the butler for Brenner, who shows him the footage of two men in ski masks entering the complex and setting up the bomb. Jim asks if Brenner had any enemies, and Flemming answers as many as anyone so wealthy, leading Jim to ask for names. Fleming tells Corrigan that several of Brenner's longtime collaborators were not included in his latest pictures and were very unhappy about it. That evening at a special effects warehouse, Drew Flynn is confronted by the late Foster Brenner, who accuses him of his murder. Flynn watches as Brenner transforms into the Spectre, who uses his powers to have the models and animatronic movie monsters attack Flynn. Flynn meets his end at the hands of a gigantic gorilla robot. Next on the hit list is Peter McCoy, who attempts to escape town with a suitcase full of money. However, the Spectre takes control of his car and forces it to crash. McCoy survives, only to watch his car reform and chase him down. Later, Aimee is putting on make-up when Jim arrives at her house undetected by phasing through the wall. She kisses him and suggests they run away together. Jim says that she is good enough to be an actor in her father's movies, revealing that he knows she gave the access codes to her father's estate to the two executives whom he had fired. He opens a nearby briefcase, which is revealed to be full of money. Aimee attempts to reason with Jim while rummaging for a revolver hidden in the desk, saying that he loves her and that they can be together, but Jim refuses. Aimee aims her gun at Jim, saying she could have given him the world. Jim answers, "I left this world a long time ago." Aimee fires multiple times, but the bullets pass right through Jim as he transforms into the Spectre. Aimee attempts to flee, but the Spectre surrounds her in a tornado of the money she has taken. The money surrounds her, cuts at her flesh and soon the money is now covered in her blood. The tornado dies down and Aimee is dead. Jim calmly walks away as the police arrive, walking through them, as they cannot see him. Jim says that it is his job to root out evil, that he is justice, that he is the Spectre.