Canadian Commando Major Jamie Wilson plans an audacious Combined Operations raid on the Axis held French port of Le Clare; if destroyed the Germans would be stripped of their only dry dock capable of servicing their large battleships. Wilson's plan code named Operation Mad Dog, is to ram a destroyer packed with tons of explosives into the outer gate of the dock, while his commandos cause havoc to the docks facilities and garrison and then detonate the explosive laden destroyer. Opposed to Wilson is Royal Navy Captain Owen Franklin, whose own son was killed on Wilson's disastrous last Dieppe Raid type raid on the French coast at Le Plagé. Under pressure from Winston Churchill, Wilson's plan is given the go ahead even though the naval craft requested for the mission are reduced to a minesweeper replacing the destroyer, no escort craft and only four motor launches. The mission's naval commander Lt. Commander Don Kimberly is blinded in a training accident while trying to save an injured commando, who dies from his injuries. With no other option Franklin is ordered to replace Kimberly, and thus put him in direct conflict with Wilson on the journey to France. As they cross the English Channel Wilson finds himself at odds with Franklin when the supporting air raid seems to be cancelled, but to Wilson's surprise Franklin ignores the order to return and changes his view of both Wilson and the mission. With a united group heading into the port, the Germans discover the approaching minesweeper and its commando carrying escort of motor launches. After briefly stalling the Germans the convoy is bombarded by the coastal batteries which line the port entrance, but fail to stop the minesweeper from ramming the dock gate. As the commandos storm ashore leaving Wilson on the minesweep's bridge it is hit once again, this time though Wilson is mortally wounded. In the port's facilities a running battle rages between the Germans and the commandos, leading to Franklin being captured and taken to the German HQ. Brought in front of the garrison commander, Colonel von Horst, Franklin is mocked for what the Germans see as a fruitless aim. Meanwhile a German party boards the minesweeper and heads for the smashed bridge where Wilson barely alive, notices that the detonating circuit is broken. As the German officer enters the bridge Wilson with his last ounce of strength places the two wires together, completing the circuit the explosives detonate destroying the dock gate. In the German HQ, Franklin merely grins at the horror on the Germans faces as the explosion rocks the building before commandos storm the HQ and liberate him. Franklin and the commandos then depart in the waiting motor launches with their mission completed.