The movie, Their Eyes Were Watching God, opens with an introduction of Oprah giving a brief synopsis of the movie. She states that the movie will make people have a different outlook on kissing. Before the movie begins, she states that Hurston will be very proud of the outcome of the movie. After the introduction, it switches into the actual film which begins with Janie Crawford  who is in overalls walking into Eatonville, Florida barefoot. She mentions that there are two things that people need to find out about which are love and living. She says that love is like the sea because it is a moving thing that is on every shore. As she continues to walk through Eatonville into her home, you hear people of the town saying comments such as Tea Cake , who we later learn to be her younger third lover, has taken all of her money and abandoned her. They assume this because after a number of days of running off with Tea Cake, she returned to Eatonville alone with no Tea Cake in sight. However, ignoring these comments, Janie enters her house and begins playing the piano. Her best friend, Pheoby Watson  walks into her house and brings her food. Pheoby gives Janie her opinion that Tea Cake was a bad person who took advantage of Janie, but Janie disagrees because she believes that what Tea Cake and her had was real love. As she is explaining herself to Pheoby, the scene switches to her past of age sixteen where her life story to Pheoby will begin. The scene takes place at Janie's grandmother's house. Janie is standing in the backyard admiring a bee pollinating a pear tree. As she is looking, she sees Johnny Taylor  in a distance. She runs to him and they begin to kiss. Moments shortly, her grandmother, Nanny , catches her kissing him. Nanny drags Janie away and tells her that she does not want Janie to be like her mother. Therefore, this leads to the idea of marriage. Nanny announces that she has arranged a marriage for Janie with an elderly man named Logan Killicks . Janie, who is unfavorable of this arrangement, speaks back to her Nanny saying that she did not want to marry him. As a reaction, Nanny slaps her across the face and says that Killicks can support her with the sixty acres that he owns. This arrangement has to be made for Janie because they both know that Nanny is getting old; therefore, Janie cannot support herself on her own. As a response to the slap, Janie runs off into a nearby lake and lays there floating. She looks out into the sky and begins “watching God.” Janie ends up marrying and beginning a life with Logan Killicks . They both physically work together at managing their sixty acres. One day, Logan realizes that they need another plier; therefore, he goes to Hamilton County to buy one. Janie asks if she can come with him, but he tells her to stay to work on the farm. After Logan leaves, Janie releases their pigs and encounters Joe “Jody” Starks  who is walking passed by their home to get to Eatonville, Florida. They converse and Joe tells her that he is going to place that will eventually become a great town. Joe tries to convince Janie to come with him, but she denies. He tells her that if she changes her mind, he will be waiting down the road for her after sunrise the next morning. That night as Janie and Logan are in bed, she asks him what he would do if she were to leave him. Logan states that she must not appreciate his treatment and his sixty acres that he has to offer her. He finalizes the conversation by telling Janie to do what she has to do. As Logan's wife, Janie realizes that she only married him for his financial support instead of for love. She will not feel love for him even if she waits. Therefore the next morning, she decides to go to Eatonville, Florida with Joe to find change. Joe and Janie arrive to Eatonville, Florida as a married couple. Janie now carries the name Mrs. Starks to the locals in that town. Upon their arrival, one of the persons they are greeted by is Amos Hicks . Joe Starks asks Amos if he knows where Eatonville is and Amos replies that have currently reached Eatonville. Joe and Janie see that Eatonville is a town that has been barely developed. Therefore, Joe takes the role of buying more land from Caption Eaton and becoming mayor of the town. With the locals coming together to work as a team, they construct a newly built Eatonville that actually represents a real, decent town. Also, Joe built a two story home for both Janie and him, and a shop for them to run a business. After its completion, a festivity is held for Mayor Joe Starks to present and document the town as official. For the speech ceremony, the ladies of Eatonville make Janie a dress to wear; however, Joe ordered her an outfit from one of the finest stores in Orlando telling her that the outfit he bought was more appropriate for a mayor's wife compared to the one the ladies made for her. During the festivity, Janie overhears some of the ladies saying that since Janie is not wearing there dress, they must think she is too good to wear the dress that they made for her. Through her facial expression, she expresses an emotion of uneasiness but must deal with the opinions. Once Joe finishes giving his speech, Amos Hicks shouts out loud for Mrs. Starks to give a speech as well. Janie smiles and seems to be about ready to say something, but Joe cuts her off by saying that she does not know anything about speech making and he did not marry her for anything like that. The next day, some of the locals gather up to play checkers in front of the Starks' shop. As Janie is standing there with them watching them play, Amos Hicks admires her hair and lightly touches it. Joe sees this occurrence from behind the register and tells Janie to come back into the shop. After having an argument, he hands her a scarf and tells her to wrap up her hair, giving her the reason that she must wrap up her hair because she is the mayor's wife. Janie throws the scarf on the floor and runs out of the shop into their home, with Joe following her. After she is done packing up her belongings, Joe follows her out of the house and tells her, while the locals watching, that all she will be without him is someone who men will take advantage of and toss into the ditch in the end. After hearing this, Janie ends up walking back into their home, agreeing to wrap up her hair in the scarf. Every day, Janie lived a routine life: breakfast at dawn, lunch at noon, and dinner by six. Twenty years past and Janie still lives the same routine life that was designed for her by Joe. One day in the shop when getting Sam Watson some tobacco, Joe and Janie get into an argument. Janie does not like the fact that Joe calls her old and talks back to him about his own old age. Janie further insults Joe's manhood in front of the locals as she walks out of the shop. Angry and humiliated, Joe follows Janie and smacks her across the face, knocking her onto the ground. She struggles to stand up with a bloody lip and a scratch on her forehead. Phoeby comes to comfort Janie and take her away from the shop, while Joe Starks looks back at the disapproved looks of the locals and goes back into the shop. Phoeby gives Janie a place to sleep away from Joe. One day, a doctor visits the household to check on Joe's declining health. Janie watches this and, realizing that Joe is going to die soon, pays a visit to her bedridden husband. As he is lying in bed, Janie thanks him for the life he gave her and the materials he bought for her. She also tells him, however, that her own feelings were diminished just to make room for his wishes. As Joe's wife, Janie gained class, but she was not allowed to create her own identity. Joe tries to silence her, but Janie berates him for trying to control her even in his last moments, instead of accepting her love. Once Joe hears this, he looks directly at Janie and wishes death upon her before finally passing away. After his funeral, Janie finally removes her scarf and she states that for once, she feels free. The scene drifts off into Janie entering a lake, symbolizing her feeling of freedom. A year of living a life full of freedom finally passes. One day while Janie is working in her shop alone, a gentlemen enters and asks for tobacco and light. Everyone else in town is at the ball game except for them two. She asks him why he is not there like everyone else and he responds saying that not everyone, since Janie is here working at the shop. They continue mingle and agree to play a game of checkers against each other. Janie loses and he tells her that he will teach her how to play one day. Janie says that he can teach her as long as he does not cheat her. He offers her a drink and introduces himself to her as Tea Cake. The scene changes to the locals hanging out together. Amos Hicks continue to carry the goal of marrying Janie, but Janie does not feel the same way for him. Janie is sitting in a rocking chair in front of her house eating an apple. She sees Tea Cake coming by the shop to where the checker table is. He yells across to Janie to challenge him at a game of checkers again. Before they begin to play, Amos Hicks volunteers to teach Janie how to play. However, as he is talking to her, Janie is not paying attention because she is too focused on Tea Cake. Tea Cake and Janie continue to hang out that night. He introduces her to many new things such as tasting the juice from a lemon, fishing, and playing the piano. After hanging out that night, Janie asks him to leave because she does not want to be taken advantaged of by Tea Cake, especially because Tea Cake is younger than her. Therefore, she believes that he has had many flings with many girls. The next morning Tea Cake shows up at her door with strawberries to convince her and prove through actions and not just words that he is serious about them two. Later, she goes out on a picnic with Tea Cake. There, he teaches her how to shoot and aim a gun. They continue to hang out doing many activities together that Janie has never done before. Seeing this, Phoeby has a talk with Janie saying that she is worried about her involvement with Tea Cake. Phoeby reminds her of what happened to Annie Taller. Annie had run off with a younger guy that ended taking all of her money and leaving her. Janie is not convinced that Tea Cake is like that; therefore, she still decides to run off with Tea Cake. Janie and Tea Cake dance the night away and end up having a sexual romantic night together. She wakes up to find him and all of her money missing. After a long while of waiting for him, he finally arrives back. He sweet talks his way back into getting her by saying that he took her money to gamble to try to win more money to take her out to Orlando and buy her pretty things. He says he wanted to win the world for her but does not want to drag her down by doing so. Janie replies back saying that he cannot drag her down because all he has to give her is himself. Pleased with her response, Tea Cake then brings up the subject about both of them living in Everglades, which Janie ends up agreeing to. At Everglades, there is a variety of different types of people who all express their sense of freedom. That night, there is a music and dance festivity held. This scene plays a part in expressing Janie and Tea Cake's romantic chemistry with each other. Living there, Janie volunteers into becoming a working woman with Tea Cake by helping him pick cucumbers in the fields. Living with Tea Cake in Everglades, Janie felt for the first time that she was living her life because she finally had freedom and real love. The scene changes to Janie and Tea Cake fishing. As they are fishing, a few Indians pass by and tell them that they are going to high grounds because a big storm is coming. Many of the locals move up north as well. They offer Tea Cake and Janie a ride, but they decide to stay in Everglades to continue work. During the storm, they spend the night together in their home. They converse and Janie expresses her love to Tea Cake. He is surprised because he did not know that she felt that strongly about him. Unexpectedly, a hurricane comes crashing into their home and takes them both with it. While Janie is swimming around in the water searching for Tea Cake, a dog appears and tries to attack Janie. Tea Cake comes from behind and attacks the dog; however, he gets bit. A week later, the storm settles down and people return to try to rebuild the town. Tea Cake has been feeling awfully sick. A doctor checks up on him and tells Janie that Tea Cake has rabies and must be taken to the county hospital as soon as possible. The doctor tells Janie that he will try his best to get Janie the medicine that Tea Cake needs. As days past, Janie sees Tea Cake's personality changing due to the rabies taking control over him. One night as Tea Cake wakes from an awful dream, Janie finds a gun under his pillow. The next morning when Tea Cake leaves the house for a bit to use the restroom, Janie is able to remove four bullets but two remain before Tea Cake returns. Tea Cake asks Janie why she does not sleep with him anymore. In response, she agrees to lie next to him. As she is lying there, she sees a rifle hanging on the side of the house. She hears a car arriving and thinks it is the doctor. Therefore, she runs out; however, it ends up not being him. As she comes back into the house, Tea Cake is standing there and slams the door behind her because he believes that Janie is trying to run off. Tea Cake holds the gun in his hand and fires at Janie, but there is no bullet. Janie tells him that the rabies is taking control of him and advises him to try to fight against it. He fires again, but once again there is no bullet. He continues to shoot. Janie asks him if he recognizes her, but he aims the gun at her again. This time if he were to fire, there will definitely be a bullet reaching Janie. He reaches for the trigger again, but before he is able to fire, Janie grabs the rifle and fires at him in self-defense. Tea Cake ends up dying in her arms. The scene changes back to the presence where Janie is telling Phoeby her life story to prove why Tea Cake was not a bad guy to her. Phoeby tells her that after listening to her story, she is now motivated to live her life and to create a self-identity. Phoeby leaves to her significant other so she can begin working on her goal. The movie ends with Janie wrapping Tea Cake's jacket around herself and running off into the lake. She lies there flat on her back and looks up into the sky. She hears Tea Cake's voice as she is “watching God.”