In the world of Armaan  and his girlfriend Gehna , life is truly beautiful, yet it's like walking on a tightrope. For Armaan, a debonair fashion photographer who is a charmer to the core and loved by all around him, life only gets better when he dates Gehna, a high-profile fashion magazine editor. Life is picture perfect &mdash; a doting girlfriend and a job where his expertise makes him the most-wanted photographer in the London fashion world! Armaan has learnt that his chronic insomnia is, however, not a function of any sleeping disorder. The truth is that he hears voices; voices that torture him; voices that are disturbing him. More importantly, voices that nobody else can hear! Life is less than picture perfect now! While his friends sympathize with his problems, his girlfriend Gehna is irritated with his weird behavior. Add to that her father Sinha  constantly berates him for his fondness for the bottle. No one seems to understand his predicament. What puzzles them is that he talks to himself… or, rather, he talks to people who no one can see simply because they don't live. Soon, Armaan becomes aware of his special ability to connect with the souls that haven't crossed over. Equipped with a will to fulfill the wishes of these spirits who hound him, Armaan sets out on a mission to help out two souls &mdash; an old man, Mr. Virender Kapoor , and a young woman, Carol . In this ensuing journey, Armaan discovers the lives of his two special companions and ends up frustrating Gehna. Yet, Armaan is on a journey where he discovers a lot about his own self and his own life. After he fulfils Kapoor's wish, he goes to find Carol's son Danny. He realizes that he is Danny but, when he tries to explain this to Gehna, she gets fed up and leaves him. She is then involved in a car crash and sadly dies. When Armaan finds out, he sees her as a ghost, and once he pleads to God, Gehna comes back to life. The two then get married and, straight after the marriage, Armaan's problem of seeing/hearing ghosts is freed.