Picking up immediately where the first film ended, Marybeth  is attacked by Victor Crowley , but manages to escape. Jack Cracker  finds her, pulls her out of the river, and takes her back to his cabin. After finding out her last name, he forces her to leave, telling her that if she wants help, she needs to see Reverend Zombie . Moments after she leaves Jack is killed by Victor Crowley who severs his intestines out and uses them to cut off his head. Marybeth returns to Reverend Zombie's shop, and after demanding to speak with him, he reluctantly lets her in. After learning her last name, he tells her that her father was one of the boys responsible for causing the fire that killed Victor Crowley. He also tells her that Thomas, Victor's father, had an affair with his wife's nurse, after she was diagnosed with stomach cancer. Moments before dying, she places a curse on the child conceived by Lena from the affair. Lena dies after giving birth to the deformed Victor Crowley. After Victor is killed in the fire, Thomas confronts the three boys responsible. Both they and their parents deny it. Thomas becomes a shut-in and eventually dies. Then a scene is shown in which Victor slaughters five people who invade his land. Marybeth tells him she wants to go back and retrieve the remains of her father and brother. He agrees, but tells her she must bring a family member with her. After she leaves, Zombie calls Justin  and tells him his brother Shawn, the tour guide who was murdered the night before, never came back with the boat. He lies and says they are going into the swamp to find Shawn and the boat. He tells Justin to gather a group of hunters and a man named Trent  to go with them. Marybeth returns home, where her uncle Bob  later shows up. He tells her she needs to stay away from Reverend Zombie, but reluctantly goes with her to a recruitment meeting in Zombie's shop. Zombie tells the hunters that he will pay them $500 dollars each to retrieve his boat and $5,000 dollars for the head of Victor Crowley. He tells Trent that he will pay him double to go, and Trent agrees. The hunters leave and go into the swamp, including Marybeth and her uncle. They find the boat and as the rest leave two of the hunters, Cleutus and Chad  stay by the boat. The others split up to find Victor. Marybeth, Zombie, Justin, Bob, and Trent go looking by Crowley's shed for the bodies. Along the way, Zombie tells Justin that Trent, Bob and Marybeth's father were the kids who started the fire that killed Victor. He says that once Crowley kills Bob and Trent, his soul will leave the swamp. After not finding the bodies in the shed, they check the main cabin. Meanwhile, the rest of the hunting party are killed off by Crowley. Chad is hacked in the face violently and Cletus has his face mutilated by a boat propeller. While Layton and Avery are having sex, Victor appears and decapitates Layton. Avery tries to run away but Victor whacks her inbetween the legs by the hatchet and finally John and Vernon  both split in half from the groin up with a 8ft chainsaw. While searching the cabin, they hear Victor outside. While hiding, Justin tells Marybeth of Zombie's plot to get her uncle and Trent killed. She runs to warn Bob but Justin jams the door shut with a chair. Victor turns up behind him and kills him by ripping his head open with a belt sander. Bob and the others attempt to get into the room. Victor breaks down the door, and Marybeth attempts to attack him but is tossed against the wall. Trent attempts to fight him, but is killed when Victor severs the top of his head by kicking it against a table. Zombie grabs Marybeth, drags her out of the house against her will, and traps Bob inside with Victor. Marybeth screams as she hears Bob murdered by Victor inside. She falls to the ground crying and Zombie declares Victor Crowley dead. Marybeth says she will go to the police. Zombie tells her she is wrong as he points his gun at her head. She tells him Bob wasn't her real uncle. Her father's brother died of leukemia when she was twelve. Victor breaks through the wall of the cabin and goes after Zombie, Zombie nearly chokes Victor with his hands, but Victor kills him by severing him in half with the hatchet and then yanks his spinal cord, which pulled him out of his skin and then Victor throws Zombie at the wall killing him. Marybeth attacks Victor with his hatchet, knocking him to the ground and striking him repeatedly with the hatchet. She stops and walks off just as Victor's hand twitches. Marybeth returns and stands over him with a shotgun, yells "Fuck you!" and fires the gun into his head finally killing him and ending his reign of terror; or so she thinks.