Anna Lucasta  is a sassy African American beauty who was forced to make a living on the streets near the San Diego naval station at a young age after her father had kicked her out. She spends her nights drinking and seducing men in the area. Meanwhile, her mother and father live in Los Angeles, along with their son and another daughter, and their respective spouses under one roof. Her father Joe, an aging alcoholic, receives a letter one day from his old friend Otis Slocum in Alabama. In his letter, Otis tells Joe he will be sending his son Rudolph , to California with $4000, in hopes that Joe can help Rudolph find a fine wife. Frank, Anna’s brother-in-law, and her brother Stanley see this as a scheming opportunity to get their share of the $4000. Her mother, Theresa, thinks Anna would be a fine wife for Rudolph, and that it would be a great opportunity for her to get a fresh start. Joe becomes livid at the thought and refuses to speak her name. After being coerced by the family, he goes to San Diego to bring Anna home. He finds Anna at Noah’s Wharf Café drinking and kissing sailor Danny Johnson, who had just proposed Anna go away with him. Joe insists Anna come home, and since Danny’s proposal did not include marriage, she decides to return home to Los Angeles with her father. Anna quickly catches on to Frank’s and Stanley’s scheme. Rudolph arrives to the Lucasta residence and is instantly struck by Anna’s beauty. He courts her for a while and finally confesses his feelings to her. Anna reveals the reason she was in San Diego, why her father kicked her out and how she had to make a living on the streets to survive. Rudolph doesn’t care about her past and proposes marriage to Anna. Just before the wedding, Rudolph gets news that he has been hired to be a teacher at a college nearby. Joe, who overheard the news, goes down to the college and tells the Dean that his new hire’s wife is a tramp. Just after the wedding, Danny shows up determined to take Anna away. After finding out her father’s plans to sabotage any chance of a good life with Rudolph, Anna flees with Danny. They party together in San Diego for a week, until Danny runs out of funds. Anna mentions she has trousseau money in her parents home. They decide to go back to the house to get the money so they could pay their fare to Brazil. When they get there, Anna finds her father in bed, moaning, calling Anna his little angel. She takes her father’s hand, and he dies. Anna breaks out into tears, and Danny leaves the house. As he is leaving, Rudolph and the family are returning from church. Rudolph sees Danny leaving and assumes Anna is back home and in excitement, runs into the house.