The volunteer fire department in a small Czechoslovak town decides to organize a ball in a townhall with lottery and a beauty contest. The firefighters also plan to present a small ceremonial fire axe as the birthday gift to their honorary chairman who has cancer . During the ball the firefighter committee is assembled to look for eight candidates for the beauty contest, but they have difficulty to find enough of them. One of the fathers continues to buy drinks for the committee members to get his obese daughter accepted. During the ball the lottery prizes start to disappear from the table, especially food and drink disappear first. Josef, one of the firefighters suggests that the prizes have been stolen and tries to get them back without success - even his wife is involved in stealing. After much trouble enough candidates for the beauty contest are found and they are told that the winner will present a gift to their honorary chairman after the end of the contest. However, when the contest begins, the girls decide not to participate and lock themselves in the bathroom. Consequently, the firefighter committee uses force to draw the replacement candidates to the stage. Soon after that the siren sounds because the house of an old man is on fire. All people immediately begin to leave the townhall without paying for the drinks they consumed. With the fire engine stuck in the snow the firefighters can only save some furniture from the house but are unable to put down the fire. To help the old man who lost almost everything in a fire, the firefighters decide to present him the lottery prizes but almost all of them have been stolen during the ball . The firefighters order the people to return the stolen prizes when the lights go out but during the period of darkness the remaining items are also stolen. Realizing this, the fire board move to the backstage to discuss what they can do about the situation so their reputation will be saved. After they return to the hall all people are gone, with the exception of their honorary chairman. The committee presents him a gift box with the fire axe. But when the box is opened it turns out that the axe itself has also been stolen.