John North, a struggling writer, is running away with his mistress. After meeting her in London he is sure they are being followed both in the street and at the railway cafe where they have a cup of tea. Once they are on the train he still can't rid himself of his unease as they sit discussing their new life together. Once she is asleep, North goes out into the corridor to try and gather his thoughts and it is then he again sees the man he believes has been following them. In a fit of panic, North pulls the communication cord and jumps off the train. By chance the train is stopped just a couple of minutes away from his house. When he gets there he finds his wife, Carol, waiting for him as usual, as though nothing were wrong. Feeling a burst of fresh affection for her, he embraces her. As they are embracing the sound of a massive train crash reaches the house. Carol immediately runs to help the victims, while John stands their stunned as he realises it is the train he has just left that has been involved in the disaster. After they run down to help North walks amidst the chaos and from a shattered carriage he catches sight of a lifeless arm sticking out of the wreckage that clearly belongs to his lover Susan Wilding. She and everybody else in the carriage has been killed in the collision. North chooses to say nothing about his presence on the train to his wife, maintaining that he returned from London by road. Over the next few days North is guilt-ridden as the details of the crash emerge. After the train stopped when he pulled the cord, it was struck by a goods train. There are dozens dead and injured and bodies are still being dug out from the wreckage. North's problems increase with the appearance of Clayton, an idiosyncratic British Railways crash inspector, who begins to ask questions that clearly unnerve North. North denies any connection with anyone on the train, although Clayton has recovered documents connecting North and his mistress which were found on the man who had been following them, a private detective hired by her husband, who had also died in the crash. Unable any longer to keep the pretence up, North admits to his wife that he was on the train and pulled the cord and that he was running away with another woman. In spite of his confession she decides to stand by him as his renewed love for her is clear. He then steels himself to confess to Clayton, only to hear on the radio that the crash had been caused by a failed signal rather than his pulling the cord. In spite of this they still go to Clayton who admits that he won't make anything more of North's actions as "he doesn't want any more lives to be lost in the wreckage". North and his wife go home, apparently to hear no more about the case. The next day, however, Clayton returns with Inspector Waterson who has orders to bring North in for questioning. Before the train crash, it has now been discovered, Mrs Wilding was shot through the heart. Waterson insists that North killed her and then jumped off the train, but North refuses to confess to this. After making his statement he is free to go, but with a cloud now hanging over him and the prospect of being hanged for murder. Now even his wife is losing faith in his innocence, and when the police uncover a revolver in the garden, it seems he is ceirtain to be hanged. North goes on the run from the police, visiting the Wilding house in London, and trying to discover if Mr Wilding is still alive, as he is listed amongst the railway crash dead. Wilding's mother insists to him that she has identified her son's body. He then travels down to the hotel in Plymouth where he had planned to stay with his mistress, and finds another person there under North's assumed name. It turns out to be Mr Wilding, who had been on the train and murdered his wife, and then made off. The two men confront each other and Wilding shoots North between the eyes. North comes to, back on the train, having just stepped out into the corridor. Instead of jumping off, North quietly returns to Susan Wilding. This time it is she who pulls the cord, sensing that his heart is not really in their affair anymore, and tells him to go back to his wife. He returns to his wife, and they embrace. He hears the sound of whistles on the track and fears another collision, but it is just the train moving off again after the delay.