The neighborhood "La Estrella" is a little and poor neighborhood in the south of Bogotá mostly inhabited by people displaced by violence, by years are awaiting all the public service but above all the electric light. The day of his arrival, despite the suspicion of many, the electricity comes and is greeted with jubilation around the neighborhood. The district is grateful to the two most important families, the Brochero and Cristancho. The next day, despite the fact that electricity was not yet installed in homes, Cayetano proposed Brochero steal electricity directly from the posts along with Miguel Cristancho and the whole neighborhood. Kennedy Corzo, the mayor of the neighborhood knows the consequences of pirating electricity and vainly tries to convince all the people that such action could lead to jail. The trouble starts when a dangerously cable passes through the Cristancho's clothesline of just when Consuelo Cristancho when go to hanging clothes and the cable from the house of his neighbor and best friend's the Brochero family. Consuelo asks her husband Miguel to tell Cayetano to remove the cable, but after a football game and a binge of both Cayetano forget to remove the cable. At night when Cayetano and his son Edson saw a football game, Consuelo scolds Miguel to remind Cayetano and after a while seeing as Consuelo talking to another neighbor, feels challenged with a test of manhood and for that cuts cable of Brochero. The next day Brochero collect even angry with your question of who had won the game last night and Miguel apologizes and admits to having cut the cable, but as a "joke." Even angry, Cayetano seeks a toy rat, belonging to his cat "Tapete" and puts it into the "changua" traditional Colombian soup that gave Cristacho daily for breakfast in the neighborhood, when Corzo and attorney Maria Angelica went to the place to tell the consequences of pirating electricity, finds the rat is what makes the other diners to flee the restaurant soup spitting and going to the pharmacy of Cayetano. That same day, Edson Brochero had his confirmation ceremony and prepare for it unless Johana Cristancho, his loved neighbor who had to sing at the ceremony because his mother forbids her to go. Kennedy speaks with Cayetano and Miguel and both lead him to believe that their friendship is unbreakable, but later held a reception to celebrate the confirmation but come Consuelo of Cristancho and her daughter Johana, then Consuelo drunks Albino, another neighbor and ruining the cake made in honor of Edson, causing the wrath of Brochero. Albino next day he apologizes and fights with neighbors who tease him and then illegally Consuelo gets the row that they made all the neighbors for water service and cause another fight, Albino casually spoils the car with groceries and Kennedy vainly tries to calm the fight. On the other hand Edson meets Johana and the young man proposes to convince their parents to stop the fight they have, Johana says that his mother would make peace with them if Brochero knees apologizing. Both reach a small hill where they declare their love secret and at night besides the bride and groom declare they make love, unaware that his parents that his fight with the neighborhood divided between those who supported the Brochero and those who supported the Cristancho prepare for an attack on another family. Cristancho hang the cat from the Brochero and those with molotov cocktails retaliatory fire to the house Cristancho. Kennedy calls the fire presence calm down but after accomplishing nothing goes to calm the fight for bad manners and meets Edson and Johana that they had seen the fire and Edson advantage that most of the neighborhood was confesses to having had sex with Johana just to humillates Cristancho, angry Miguel challenges Cayetano and his people to a fight to death. All present with the exception of Johana, his little brother and her grandfather are in the field of the neighborhood with weapons to kill each other, Kennedy unsuccessfully with a gun makes them think of intolerance generated by the arrival of electricity and when both sides start a fight to death, not wanting to shoot at Kennedy make the electricity pole which falls to the ground in the rain and everyone is electrocuted. The next morning, the power company announced it would install electricity and counters in the home and found only desert district Cristancho grandfather pulling a cart.