The film begins with a fictional broadcast from the network CVN's nightly program, starring Don Tobin , with reports from correspondents Michael Boyle  and Dorian Waldorf , which discusses a terrorist bombing of the American embassy in Saudi Arabia that killed the American ambassador. It then recaps the previous week, which began with a global banking crisis caused by several South American countries defaulting on their loans, and leading to turmoil in the Middle East. Before the unrest spread to Saudi Arabia, Soviet-backed militants led a coup in Oman when the Omani economy collapsed. Shortly after, a new report shows that the banking crisis may soon begin to ease. The following day, it is revealed that a large military operation was launched to keep the peace in Saudi Arabia, with many American soldiers, ships, and planes being sent at King Fahd's request. This move was heavily criticized both abroad and domestic. In response to this move, which the Soviet Union saw as provocative, the Soviet-backed puppet government in Oman imposes a $10,000 toll for every oil tanker who wished to pass through the Strait of Hormuz into the Persian Gulf. The Soviet government claimed it would remove the toll if the Americans withdrew their troops from Saudi Arabia. The captains of the tankers refuse to pay the toll, effectively creating an economic blockade in which no oil could be transported through the Persian Gulf. A breaking news alert on the fifth day of the Middle East crisis reveals that a short battle between American warplanes and unidentified enemy warplanes, presumed to be from Iran or Kuwait, took place, in which one American reconnaissance plane was shot down over the Persian Gulf before two of the five attacking planes were shot down. The attacking aircraft were believed to be aiming for the oil refinery in Ras Tanura, in retaliation for Saudi Arabia's requesting of American troops. On day six of the crisis, an American aircraft carrier, the USS Nimitz, and its battle group, armed with both nuclear and non-nuclear weapons, are sent by the President to the Persian Gulf to ensure the free passage of oil tankers in the region. The Soviet Union quickly responds to this action by sending submarines to the Persian Gulf. CVN sends Michael Boyle to the Nimitz to cover the deployment. On day eight of the crisis, in response to the growing urgency of the situation, CVN begins to broadcast 24 hours a day until further notice. On day nine, the crisis deepened on when an Omani gunboat attacks and apparently destroys an unarmed Dutch vessel which tried to go through the Strait of Hormuz; the CVN broadcast also notes the presence of Soviet attack subs  near the site of the attack. At this point, people begin to evacuate cities, overseas air travel is suspended by the FAA, many schools begin closing, the Strategic Air Command redeploys B-52 bombers throughout the nation's airports, and people are urged to stay off their phones. By nightfall, an evacuation of the White House is ordered. During the night, a battle erupts between Omani gunboats and the U.S. Navy in the Strait of Hormuz, with an Omani gunboat firing first and disabling an American warship, then subsequently being destroyed. Despite the gravity of the situation, Tobin discusses his optimistic viewpoint of the situation with correspondent Eric Sevareid, believing that, "Reasonable people, once they've looked the Devil in the face, aren't going to shake hands with him." Shortly after the Omani gunboat exchanged fire with the American ship, a Russian submarine slips through the perimeter of American ships and is tracked towards the USS Nimitz, which begins exploding depth charges towards the submarine before eventually firing a nuclear depth bomb on the submarine when it gets too close. Shortly thereafter, a nuclear weapon  is launched at the battle group, causing an unknown level of damage, while not apparently sinking the Nimitz. Shortly thereafter, the Nimitz loses contact with CVN. At this point, the White House is completely evacuated, with the President, Joint Chiefs of Staff, and other White House officials evacuated onto the airborne command center Looking Glass, and the Emergency Broadcast System is activated. In the moments before CVN's broadcast is transferred over to the Emergency Broadcast System, Tobin reiterates his optimism, discussing the opinions of a deceased colleague who was considered an expert in nuclear war scenarios. His colleague held the belief that a nuclear exchange would someday take place, but when the two superpowers were confronted with the horror of the situation, they would choose peace over war. Still, as Tobin prepares to turn things over to the EBS, it is obvious that he is shaken by the events that have occurred and it is suspected that he may have regrets over not using the story Waldorf brought to CVN. The film ends with a shot of Looking Glass taking off, with the broadcast switching over to the Emergency Broadcast System.