George  is a fatalistic high school senior who is a gifted artist. George is often haunted by the realization that he will die someday. He ceases to complete his homework, as he feels that everything seems meaningless. As a result, he is put on academic probation. The next day, George goes up to the school roof and sees Sally  smoking. When a teacher comes up, George quickly pulls out a cigarette and takes the blame. Sally meets up with George to thank him, and though George is at first reluctant to talk to her, he soon warms up to her. On Career Day, George meets a young artist, Dustin and is inspired by his thoughts about life. He brings Sally with him to visit Dustin and it becomes apparent that Dustin likes Sally. Sally invites George to a New Year's Eve party. At the party, she dances with her ex, while George gets drunk, vomiting outside before falling asleep in the alley. Sally finds him there and apologizes. She then takes him back to her place and tucks him in a cot beneath her bed. For Valentine's Day, the two go out to dinner and Sally asks him to have sex with her, after inquiring that he had never done it. George, clearly shocked, doesn't answer. After his pause, Sally says they shouldn't as he is her only real friend. He is quiet for the rest of the time they're together and goes home early. He doesn't answer Sally's calls or talk with her at all. Sally instead invites Dustin out and flirts with him. The two of them start going on dates after Dustin kisses her. George doesn't do his English term paper and is brought to the principals office. The principal gives George two choices: expulsion or do every piece of undone homework, about a years worth. At home, George confronts his stepfather about lying about work, and they get into a physical fight. George takes off for Sally's place. She brings him into the hallway, where he kisses her. Sally kisses him back but breaks it off, revealing Dustin in her apartment. George leaves but Dustin catches up with him and accuses George of not acting soon enough. Angry and hurt, George leaves. The next morning, George finds his mother at the park. She explains that his stepfather lied to her about work and that they're divorcing. George consoles her and begins to rethink his situation with Sally. At school, he gets each of his missing assignments to complete. His one art project is to make a painting that is honest and real. George completes the assignments and takes final exams, while Sally continues being with Dustin. Sally sends a text to George saying she needs to see him. Sally and George meet in a bar, where Sally reveals she's going backpacking with Dustin through Europe, and is skipping the high school graduation ceremony. She says she still needs to be friends with him. George tells her he loves her and it was unfair not to say it before. She takes his hand. They go back to apartment and kiss. She says she's still going on the trip but promises they will be together one day, admitting she loves him too. George triumphantly turns in all his assignments and his art teacher applauds him on his art project. At the ceremony, George's name is called and his mom is shown to be proud of him. George goes back to the art classroom and looks at his art project: Sally's smiling face. Sally, having opted not to go to Europe with Dustin, enters the room and stands next to George, holding hands. He asks her what she's going to do now and she squeezes his hand and says she doesn't know, and then they both look at each other and smile. The film closes.