A hobo  is seen riding the rails on a freight train in a box car and eventually arrives in lawless Hope Town. Paint has been sprayed over the word "Hope" on the town's welcome sign, changing it to read "Scum Town". Scum Town is ruled with an iron fist by a crime lord known as "The Drake" ([[Brian Downey  and his sadistic, murderous sons Ivan  and Slick ([[Gregory Smith . Just as he arrives, the Hobo witnesses an amateur film maker  shooting what is commonly known as "Bum Fight" movies. While pushing his shopping cart of recyclables through the streets, he sees, along with all the townspeople gathered in the area, a distressed, bloodied man screaming about being chained and unsuccessfully begging the locals, including the Hobo, to free his tied hands so he can save his life. The man is in a suit and appears to be in a stockade that resembles a manhole cover. Two cars approach the man, one driven by Ivan and Slick and the other The Drake and an Asian woman. An argument ensues and it is revealed that the man is The Drake's younger brother, Logan . The Drake explains to the townspeople that his brother will serve as an example of his control and carries out the public execution of Logan, who is decapitated at the hands of Ivan and Slick, by a barbed-wire noose attached to The Drake's truck, as the woman dances ecstatically in the fountain of Logan's blood. Later, while walking through the town the Hobo passes a pawn shop, where he sees a lawnmower in the window costing $49.99. In order to purchase the lawnmower, for reasons yet to be revealed, the Hobo starts begging for change on a sidewalk. From where he sits, the Hobo can see what appears to be a night club with The Drake's face and name on the outside. A group of punks drag another homeless man into the club against his will. The Hobo then sees Ivan and Slick enter the building. He follows them into the building, which appears to be a demented arcade. Ivan and Slick, along with their henchmen, are seen torturing and killing people for no reason. Slick begins harassing a boy named Otis , who owes him money from drug purchases. Then a prostitute named Abby  attempts to intervene, disrespecting Slick. Slick becomes enraged with the hooker and Ivan breaks Otis' arm on the video game. Slick then throws down a pile of cocaine and all the patrons fight over themselves to get to it. Slick propositions the hooker, gets her outside, then instead decides to kill her. Having seen all that has transpired, the Hobo stands up to Slick, who him attacks but is knocked unconscious by the Hobo and taken to the police station in order to turn him in. While initially agreeing with the despicable state of the town under the thumb of The Drake, the police chief  reveals his corruption and allegiance to the criminal elements. Ivan enters the interrogation room and he and the chief tackle and restrain the Hobo. Slick then enters, joining Ivan in roughing up the Hobo and carving the word "scum" into his chest. The Hobo is then thrown into a garbage bin by the police chief and a fellow officer. The Hobo stumbles across Abby as she is trying to conduct business and frightens away her John. Seeing the state he is in, Abby takes the Hobo to her apartment to tend to his wounds. The next day, the Hobo goes to the amateur filmmaker seen earlier to make money to buy the lawnmower. Upon completing a series of degrading acts, including chewing glass, he earns enough money to purchase the lawnmower. As he is about to buy the lawnmower, a trio of robbers enter the pawnshop, taking a woman and her baby hostage. The Hobo grabs a shotgun from the shelf and kills the three bandits. Realizing that Hope Town needs justice, he chooses the Shotgun over the lawnmower, since they both cost exactly $49.99. He pays for the gun and goes on a rampage in which he murders dozens of criminals, including the filmmaker, a pimp , a coke lord  and a pedophile dressed as Santa Claus . The Drake, infuriated by the positive effect that the Hobo's actions are having on the townspeople, instructs Ivan and Slick to get rid of him. After using a flamethrower on a school bus filled with children to remind the citizens of Hope Town that they are to be feared, they burst into a television station during a live news broadcast, kill the anchor  and demand that all homeless people be killed. This leads to the formation of mobs which start murdering the vagrants of Hope Town. The Hobo, in an attempt to save Abby, uses his shotgun to blow off the head of a perverted cop  who was trying to rape her. One of the murderous mobs hears the attack and head towards the Hobo and Abby, but they are able to make a clever getaway. Otis sees them fleeing and calls Slick to inform him of the Hobo's location. As the Hobo and Abby are preparing to leave Hope Town to start a lawnmowing business elsewhere, they are attacked by Slick. Slick and Ivan try to decapitate Abby with a hacksaw and sharpened ice skates. The Hobo forces Ivan to flee in his car, leaving Slick behind. The Hobo begins to threaten an unapologetic Slick and finally fires a shotgun blast into his groin, mutilating Slick's penis and tearing apart his genitals. While standing at a payphone bleeding to death, Slick makes one final call to his father, as the badly burned school bus from earlier appears and brings Slick to hell. The Drake, mourning the death of his favorite son, calls Rip and Grinder , a duo of armour-clad demons known as 'The Plague' to take the Hobo down. While taking Abby to a hospital, the Hobo is ambushed by The Plague. He is captured, and taken to The Drake, who intends to execute him in front of the townspeople in order to set an example. Abby, having later recovered, rallies together a crowd of angry people and leads them to hunt down The Drake, taking the Hobo's shotgun  and a lawnmower engine as weapons. Abby finds and confronts The Drake, Ivan and the Plague. She threatens to kill Ivan with the lawnmower, but The Drake simply shoots his astonished son when he decides Ivan is a disappointment and not worth saving. In the ensuing fight, Abby releases the Hobo and returns his shotgun to him. She also kills Grinder before The Drake cuts her hand off with the lawnmower. She manages to incapacitate The Drake by stabbing him repeatedly in the stomach with her exposed arm bone. Abby saves the Hobo and he prepares to fight Rip. Rip then tells Abby that she must join The Plague to replace Grinder, but the Hobo refuses to allow her to do it and The Plague departs. The Hobo prepares to finish off The Drake, who was trying to crawl away to safety, when the corrupt police arrive and draw their guns against him. The Drake tells the Hobo that he would have liked him if he wasn't so crazy, and that he will never be accepted by society, before snarling for him to just fire the shotgun already and send them both to Hell. The townspeople, motivated by Abby's bravery, have shown up with their own weapons and proceed to aim them at the shocked police, who demand that they leave the area. Seeing that the police will kill the people they failed to protect against The Drake's evil, the Hobo tells the villain that on their upcoming ride to Hell "I've got shotgun" and blows The Drake's head off. The police open fire on the Hobo as Abby screams, but the people then turn their guns on the police and blow them all away, as the Hobo dies and the movie ends. In an extended ending that was cut from the final cut of the film, Abby's hand is replaced by several shotguns as she becomes part of The Plague.