A village has been almost destroyed by a large flood. A hypnotist  comes to the village and speaks to the destitute inhabitants. Free of charge, the hypnotist offers to lift the villagers' spirits through hypnosis. The villagers doubt the hypnotist's noble motive and he is accused of an apparent theft. The police arrest, beat and interrogate him. A sleazy businessman  takes a young woman  in his employ to a rural area and he rapes her there. The girl's father  is upset and wants to kill the man. The businessman is powerful and the father is afraid of getting fired so the father, instead, ends up greatly apologizing to the businessman suggesting that the assault was the daughter's fault and that it inconvenienced the businessman. Ilija  is a young man whose father Ratomir  recently died. Ilija takes the money that was saved for his father's funeral and he quickly loses it all while gambling. He meets an old lady  who was recently diagnosed with a terminal illness and who has had a lucky streak on the slot machines ever since her diagnosis. Ilija joins her in hopes of rejoicing with her success. Pera , the owner of a large slaughterhouse, calls a doctor  to his home complaining that his 12-year-old son  is giving him a heart attack. The 12-year-old is kept locked up in a room because he feels overly dedicated to the family business, so much so that he slaughters every animal he sees. The doctor realizes that he is expected to treat the son, not the slaughterhouse owner. A con man posing as a faith healer  approaches a group of people with various disabilities and illnesses. He offers, for a fee, to take them by the busload to a spring that has magical healing powers where they will be cured. The group boards the bus and arrives at the destination. Once there, the con man abandons the group and leaves the site. The group, having realized they're being abandoned, does not do much to stop the bus from leaving because they're still determined to get the full benefit of the spring's healing waters.