Hadassah , a beautiful Jewish girl, lives with her cousin Mordecai  in Susa, the capital of Persia. After King Ahasuerus  deposed Queen Vashti  of her throne, because of her refusal to attend a feast and for ridiculing her guards. He decrees an order to choose a new queen. Hadassah changes her name to Esther, meaning "hidden". Guards go to the surrounding places of the castle and capture virgins. Mordecai attempt to hide Hadassah but she is captured by the guards. The guards allow her to say farewell to her kinsmen. Mordecai tells her not to tell anyone she is a Jew and introduce herself as Esther, he also tells her to forget her name but not to forget that she was a Jew. They are taken to the first harem, where they are placed under the custody of Hegai , he explains to them that they are to meet the king the next two days in the royal bed chamber and make love to him . Esther finds a girl crying and comforts her. Hegai moves them to the second harem. The next day, while everyone is busy preparing herself for the king, one of the girls tells Esther that when it is their time to go to the king they may ask for anything they want to take with them. Esther asks her servant, Miamuna ([[Natasha Williams , and asks how it feels to make love to a man and Miamuna replies that it depends on the man. That night, it is time for Esther to present herself to the king. The king asks her name ad unveils her. A rose falls. The king asks her if she picked it for the king and she answers no. The king then tells her she is different from the others and makes love to her. The next day Esther is crowned queen. That night, Mordecai hears a plot against the king and reports to Esther. Esther then exposes the plot and the men are sentenced to death. The next day, Haman  presents a gift to the king. Memucan , a trusted man of the king, tells him that his gifts will get him nowhere. Next day, Memucan dies and King Ahasuerus mourns for three days. Esther requests to be received but the king takes no heed. Haman comes and tells the king to govern but the king takes no heed again. Esther leaves and believes she has lost the king's favor. The king then appoints Haman as lord chamberlain. The next day, Esther calls Hegai to her chambers and asks him what she should do to win back the king's favor. Hegai answers that she must be patient. That night, Hamon's servants tell him that Mordecai does not respect him, this angers Haman. Haman then goes to the king and tells him a lie about the Jews. The king believes him and gives him his signet ring which gives Haman the right to decree a rule that even the king cannot hold back. Hamon decree to all provinces that they should annihilate all Jews. At hearing this decree, Mordecai dresses himself in sackcloth and mourns outside the palace gates. Miamuna informs Esther and Esther orders her servant, Hathach , to give Mordecai clothes. Mordecai refuses them. Esther orders Hathach to ask Mordecai what afflicts him. Mordecai gives the letter of decree to Esther and tells Esther to go before the king. Esther reads the letter and cries because it is forbidden to go before the king without being called. Miamuna reminds her that if the king hold out his golden scepter her life will be spared. Esther tells Mordecai to gather all the Jews and to fast for three days on her behalf. After three days, she dresses in her best gown and goes before the king. The king holds out his scepter and asks her her petition and request and promises her that it shall be granted. Esther asks Hamon and the king to go to a banquet she has prepared in her quarters. the king grante her request. At the banquet, the king asks Esther her petition and request. Esther promises the king that she will tell her petition and request if they go to the banquet tomorrow again. The next day at the banquet, the king asks the same question and she asks to spare her life and the lives of her people. The king asks her who would do such a thing. She exploits Haman. The king, enraged, goes to his garden. Haman asks Esther to spare his life. The king comes back and tells his guards to hang Haman and gets his signet ring. The king appoints Mordecai as his lord chamberlain. Mordecai then decrees that allow Jews to defend themselves. Esther asks the king to hold back the rule made by Haman. The king fulfuls her request. Esther then passes a law that the Jews will not be persecuted anymore. Some of the Jews go back to Jerusalem, led by Ezra .