The film begins with young Gascon Dog running on the road to Paris and singing that he is "provincial yet principled", "unknown, but direct and honest", and "if service, let it be service to the king". He sees two carriages and a beautiful bichon nearby. Anne of Austria, sitting unseen inside one carriage, hands a diamond necklace to the Duke of Buckingham. Then both carriages leave the place. The whole sceen is seen by red cat Milady, who reports on the meeting to a Cardinal Richelieu's gray cat . Following the royal carriage, the Dog meets three dog musketeers in blue Musketeers of the Guard costumes: the Fatty , the Handsome  and the nameless Athos. The dogs get into an argument with the newcomer, but their quarrel is quickly interrupted by a throng of Cardinal's cats. The dogs, despite being greatly outnumbered, win the ensuing fight and become the best friends. The musketeer dogs tell D'Artagnan that the beautiful bichon is the favorite dog of Anne of Austria . D'Artagnan sneak into the king's palace and reveals his feeling to the bichonm singing that "I am not thoroughbred, which is a minus, but I am noble hearted, and that is a plus" and that he is "ready to fight a dozen cats" for her. In response, the bichon asks for his help. She explains that Queen is in trouble, because at the next ball she is expected to wear a diamond necklace presented to the Duke of Buckingham. The ball is tomorrow, but the diamonds have already left France. The bichon gives d'Artagnan the Duke'd glove to track his scent. D'Artagnan rushes to England immediately and three musketeers follow him. Richelieu's gray cat orders to stop them at all costs. Milady arranges several traps: "the Fatty" is lured by a chain of sausages into a cat ambush; "the Handsome", who dreams of becoming a herding dog, is distracted with a herd of sheep who turn out to be cats in sheep skins; Athos stays behind to fight a cat gang chasing the dogs and buy his friend precious time. D'Artagnan alone finally arrives to England. Trying to find the Buckingham's palace he meets English Dog Detective, but after smelling the glove the Detective is only able to determine that "it belongs to a human", who "carries a heavy oak stick". Finally, the Duke's Foxhound helps d'Artagnan to find the way. He steals diamond necklace from Buckingham's palace, defeats Milady and returns just in time for the ball. Anne of Austria's reputation is unblemished. He wins Bichon's heart, rejoin with friends and earns a blue musketeer costume.