The film opens with Baron Von Burgen's  head butler Albert  marrying to the young maid, Anna , on the Baron's Austrian estate. During the ceremony, chauffeur Karl Schneider ([[John Gilbert  arrives, and soon finds an old acquaintance - a former lover - Countess De Marnac , who appears unsatisfied with Karl mending with her elite friends. That night, when Françoise , one of the butlers, gets too drunk too work, Albert is summoned to take over his shift. Anna, now unaccompanied, is visited by Karl, who wins over her sympathy by telling her about his unfortunate childhood. One day, Karl drives the baroness Eloise  to Vienna for shopping purposes. Despite her initial cold attitude towards him, Eloise takes a liking in him and they start an affair. When they return home, Eloise claims that they were in an accident, but Albert does not believe her and immediately grows suspicious of the affair. He confronts Karl, reminding him of his social position, and warns him to never interfere with the upper-class people. Even though Karl agrees with Albert's advice, he jumps his chances to seduce Anna, who he soon concludes is very naive and easy manipulable. He tries to kiss her, but she slaps him and warns him never to try again. As Albert returns to the room, Karl decides to leave to avoid a remorseful situation, and escorts himself to the room of the cook Sophie , whom he spends the night with. The next day, he insults Sophie and lies about being the illegitimate son of royalty in order to extort money from her. He next uses a jewel he has found from Eloise's room and never returned to offer it to Anna, though she is disgusted by what he has done to Sophie and rejects it. He pins the jewel on her crucifix necklace anyway, and Eloise soon recognizes it as her own. When she accuses Anna of stealing, Karl comes to the rescue, claiming the jewel to be his own, winning back Anna's sympathy. She later discusses the matter with the Baron, and Albert overhears her saying that Karl and Anna are involved in an affair. Eloise, who is excited about the scandal, arranges for them to have some privacy together on a fishing trip, but the Baron last minute demands Albert to come along. Albert then confronts Karl, warning him to stay away from Anna. Karl and Anna stay behind, and he again jumps his chances by taking her to a pub. They grow close, until she finds out that he has arranged a room for the two to stay it. Disgusted at his intentions, she leaves. Karl follows her to her room, and claims that he only lied to and deceived her because he is very much in love with her. Vulnerable to his words, Anna becomes worried when he announces that he will leave the mansion. Karl notices this and kisses her passionately as a 'goodbye'. They end up spending the night together. As soon as Albert returns from the trip, he fires Karl over a plausible reason and then unleashes his frustration on Anna by criticizing her appearance. Anna, in tears, blames him for having driven her to seek affection with another man. Karl, meanwhile, blackmails the baroness into reinstalling him as a chauffeur. Albert feels humiliated and tells Eloise that he will resign. Eloise tries to stop him and, in tears, admits to being blackmailed. Albert advises her to step to the police, but she tells him she can't, because her affair with him cannot go public. Albert, who sympathizes with her, agrees to stay, and plans to destroy Karl. That night, Sophie, unhappy, offers him all her savings in order to realize her dream of running away with him and opening their own shop. The next morning, Karl, with Sophie's savings, packs his bags to leave, and begs Anna to join him. Anna refuses, remembering him that she is still in love with Albert. They quarrel and are interrupted by Albert, who starts a fight with Karl in the cellar. They end up knocking over some old wine bottles, attracting attention from the Baron. The Baron thinks they are fighting over the wine and order each other to apologize. As soon as the Baron leaves, Albert demands Karl to get out of their lives, and they get in another fight when Karl refuses. Anna, afraid that one might kill one other, informs the Baron about Karl's many deceptions. The Baron demands Karl to leave, and congratulates Albert for his courage and loyalty. Karl leaves the scene, only to plan to scheme his way into another upper class woman's life .