Germany discover ancient ruins full of stone gargoyles. They bring the gargoyles to life to combat U.S. forces. Instead the gargoyles kill the Nazis and then attack local villages. After an American bomber attack is devastated by the gargoyles, the US launches another bomber force in an attempt to destroy them. The crew of a bomber, the 'Grey Ghost' flown by 'Gus'  is attacked by the gargoyles and crashes. The crew parachute to safety before the bomber crashes, but are again attacked by gargoyles. Some are rescued by British soldiers, others by local villagers. The remaining crew all meet up again in a church the locals are sheltering in. A local woman fills them in on the legends behind the gargoyles. :A group of pagans built a statue of their "horned king" deity out of a mysterious 'bloodstone' and brought it to life to take vengeance on their persecutors. It destroyed their enemies, but found it could bring other stone gargoyles to life itself. It built a gargoyle army of its own then turned on its creators and killed them all. The gargoyles can be defeated as they were once before, by piercing the heart of the original gargoyle with the Spear of Destiny. The knight who defeated the gargoyles was buried with the spear. To overcome the gargoyles the flight crew must retrieve the spear. The 'King Gargoyle' attacks, tearing a soldier in half. The church and surrounds are then bombed by Junkers 88 German JU-88 bombers, which the gargoyles attacks. The American aircrew, village woman and British soldiers leave to find the spear. The German army arrives looking for the aircrew and kill a villager to force the others to talk. Two of the aircrew, Porter and Nash, are captured by the German army and left tied up in the open to distract the gargoyles. The tomb is reached and the spear recovered. However, the Germans arrive just then and attack. Most of them are killed, but Gus  is shot and killed by the last German Officer. The Officer is then shot, and the gargoyles arrive, but hold back in fear of the Spear. Down to four, two British, the woman and one airman discover their friends remains, then continue on to the ruins to kill the 'King' gargoyle. They enter the ruins and are again attacked by the gargoyles. They kill many and also retrieve many maps and other documents left by the Nazis. One of the fliers and a British soldier fly a German Heinkel 111  bomber up to confront the Gargoyles, while the remaining airman and the village woman on the ground are also attacked. The King gargoyle is rammed by the bomber and those aboard stab him with the Spear, returning him to stone. All the other gargoyles also turn back into stone, just in the nick of time to save the woman and airman below in the ruins.