Aitraaz is a film about Raj Malhotra , Priya Malhotra née Saxena , and Sonia Roy . Raj and Priya accidentally meet each other and fall in love. One day Priya gets pregnant and the couple is very happy. Raj even buys a bungalow for the couple. They are very happy with their new lives. Raj is expecting a promotion to C.E.O. on the annual company day. The chairman  arrives with his new wife, Sonia Roy. Sonia Roy sees Raj and goes to the stage. She discusses something with the chairman and then announces the promotions. The post that Raj was expecting was given to his friend Rakesh . To Raj's surprise, he was included in the list of Board of Directors. They had a party that night and Priya also comes with Raj and they all enjoy. Sonia starts flirting with Raj even in front of Priya. Priya doesn't like Sonia's behavior and warns Raj to watch out for her. Raj agrees. The next day, Rakesh tells Raj that they have a defect in their new mobile handsets and its production needs to stop. The defect is that the call goes to two people at once, the one we are trying to call, and another in the phone book contact list. He needs the permission of Sonia to do this work. Raj thus goes to Sonia's home.  Sonia there tells that she has got a chance to meet him after long years and thus she is very aroused. She hugs him from the back all of a sudden while he was talking to his friend in Bangkok. She tries to seduce him but Raj denies her and goes home. Sonia is angry with Raj and tells her husband, Mr. Roy that he tried to rape her and exploit her. Roy becomes angry and gives Raj his resignation notice. Raj decides to fight against Sonia. Raj requests his lawyer friend, Barrister Ram Chauthrani  fight his case and he agrees. In the meantime, Sonia and Mr. Roy have hired Lawyer Patel . They fight a lot but Lawyer Patel discloses that Raj was the one who raped her. When it looks like there is no hope, Raj's friend who was in Bangkok returns and hands him over a tape in which their talk in Sonia's house was recorded. He gives it to the lawyer and the lawyer tests it in a forensic lab and concludes that it is real, but he is run over while returning by a person deployed by Sonia. At the moment his assistant takes the cassette and puts a destroyed cassette in its place and hands it over to the person who ran over his senior. It is handed over to Sonia. Priya asks Raj why he called the bank manager at Sonia's house, and Raj realizes he didn't call the manager, but Rakesh, and the defect in the mobile connected the line to the bank manager, as well. Priya, who is also a lawyer, now fights the case due to the accident of Raj's previous lawyer, Mr. Chauthrani. Priya uses Rakesh's mobile as evidence against Sonia along with the fact that Sonia met Raj in South Africa eight years ago. Their infatuation for each other led to Sonia being pregnant with Raj's child. However, Sonia and Raj split as Sonia wanted to abort their child, for she lusted for money, status, luxury and power. The baby was a wall between her dreams of becoming rich. After Raj left her, Sonia aborted their child and bumped into Roy. Seeing her chance, Sonia hit the jackpot, and married Roy, who was much older than her. However, Roy wasn't able to give Sonia any sexual pleasure, so Sonia tried to seduce Raj, but being the loyal husband, Raj rejected her sexual advances. As a result, Priya wins the case and Roy leaves Sonia. Feeling humialiated and guilty, Sonia is unable to bear the shame and commits suicide by jumping from the top of a building. The film ends with a song, showing that Raj and Priya have a baby boy and live together happily ever after.