Paul is a High School football hero, the quarter back, named "best looking," and the Valedictorian. Paul however, since Kindergarten, has felt that something is sexually wrong with him. Although Paul dates girls in High School, upon going to the University of California, Berkeley, he begins to think he might be a transgender woman. He dates both men and women and in his late 20s, he finally transitions into a female, through gender reassignment surgery, and becomes Kimberly Reed, a lesbian. Paul's younger brother Todd also announces something about his sexuality. Kimberly Reed becomes a film maker and returns home to Montana for her high school reunion and to reconcile her relationship with her adopted brother Marc. She discovers many revelations on her journey including Marc's shocking blood relationship as the secret grandson of Orson Welles and Rita Hayworth. In the movie, the intense sibling rivalry and unforeseeable twists of plot and gender forces them to face serious challenges. Kimberly Reed appeared on The Oprah Winfrey Show "Transgender Transition," on February 11, 2010, to discuss her life and movie, along with her mother.  Marc McKerrow's biological mother, Rebecca Welles , secretly gave birth to a son on March 31, 1966, when she was 21. Orson Welles never knew about his grandson. Rita Hayworth also probably did not know about this boy. When Marc was 21, he was in a car accident that resulted in a serious, traumatic brain injury. This injury lead him to be mentally incapacitated, and require medical treatment to control violent outbursts. Rebecca Welles died at the age of 59 in 2004. It was only after Rebecca's death that 38-year-old Marc discovered his true lineage. Marc McKerrow died suddenly in his sleep on June 18, 2010, only four months after his sibling's appearance on "Oprah." His death was "...caused by complications from a nocturnal seizure" related to his car accident.http://helenair.com/news/local/obituaries/article_b2081642-7e92-11df-81a9-001cc4c03286.html