The movie starts off when two photographers Makrand, aka Mac  and Shyam, aka Sam ([[John Abraham  are doing a photo shoot.. While Mac is shooting the models in exposing poses, his fiancée leaves in disgust due to Mac's closeness to the models. Their boss calls them into his office and tells them that they are good-for-nothing photographers. He threatens to reduce their pay if they don't get some good pictures for the world photography competition to make his magazine Garam Masala famous. Both Mac and Sam ask Maggie , the boss's secretary, on a date on the same day, at the same restaurant at the same time. As all three meet up at the restaurant a pickpocket takes Mac's and Sam's wallets. After the meal, the competition to impress Maggie heightens thus evoking humorous events after which Sam and Mac leave Maggie to pay the bill. Sam visits a famous photographer, praising him and asking for a few outstanding shots. These stolen shots help Sam to win the world photography competition. He gets promoted, is given ten percent of the prize money and has his pay doubled, whilst Mac receives a demotion to assistant. Sam flies off to the USA to enjoy his holiday, leaving Mac fuming in Mauritius. The chief editor persuades Mac to show up Sam by getting three women to be his fiancées, getting a very expensive flat and driving very expensive, imported cars. Following his promise, Mac gets a high-quality flat and gets access to three beautiful air hostesses. His driver, Babban , is his key to the high life. Not only does Babban get Mac access to the flat, he delivers very high-end cars to impress his fiancées. He drives Mac's cars and does all his services for a small amount of liquor every day. Lastly, Babban gets Mac a housekeeper, Mambo , who has an attitude problem and doesn't care what goes on in his flat so long as his demands are met. He has affairs with each of the three women&mdash;Deepti , Puja  and Sweety &mdash;and creates chaos. Sam returns from America, only to find his friend turned rival, playing around with three women at once. He tries to help his friend and tries out his own luck with the girls. The story turns into mayhem when it's hard for the two boys to maintain the three girls simultaneously. Mac's original fiancée  learns about Mac's acts, and it creates a bigger mess. When their cook Mambo  leaves, they begin to realise their mistakes and Mac tries to get back together with Anjali.