When a worker at the Roublès winemaking vineyard becomes ill, complaining of a pain in his neck, his boss insists it's a minor injury and tells him to go back to work. Élizabeth is travelling by train to Roublès to live with her fiancee, the owner of the vineyard. She makes a friend with a woman on the train. The worker with the neck pain boards the train and stares at Élizabeth's friend. Élizabeth becomes worried when her new friend excuses herself to visit the restroom and doesn't return for a long time; the man then comes and sits with her. The man's neck starts to bleed. Élizabeth escapes him and discovers her friend dead on the restroom floor. Leaving the train, Élizabeth flees to a nearby village for help. A man and his daughter are sitting quietly inside a house. Élizabeth describes to them what happened, and they tell her to rest and recover from her shock. Panicking, she enters the bedroom and discovers a woman whose throat has been cut. The man's daughter calmly explains that the dead woman is her mother, and that her father killed her because he's become insane. The woman and Élizabeth leave the house, but her father catches them and rips open his daughter's blouse to reveal several wounds. He has the same wounds; so did the man on the train. He tells his daughter she will not suffer the way he did and sticks a garden fork into her chest. Élizabeth flees and takes the man's car. When he gets in front of it and begs her to kill him, she runs him over and drives off. Élizabeth travels further into the village to look for help and is approached by a man whose head is covered with the infection. He smashes his head against the car window until it breaks and Élizabeth shoots him. She comes across a blind girl named Lucy who is searching for her caregiver, Lucas. Élizabeth helps her and discovers a lot of dead bodies covered with the infection. Lucy knows something is wrong but Élizabeth won't tell her so she runs of in search of Lucas. She eventually finds him, unaware he is infected and insane and he strangles her. Élizabeth hears her screams and finds her dead and tied up to a door, where Lucas chops off her head. As the zombies chase her, a woman rescues her. This woman has been trapped in a house for a few days, so she and Élizabeth try to get out and run, but the woman grabs Élizabeth and gives her to Lucas. Two men, Paul and Lucien show up and start to kill the zombies. The woman goes to them for help, so they tell her to wait by their truck. Élizabeth fights Lucas off and goes to the truck where she and the woman get into a fight, resulting in the woman getting her face burned. She then blows up the truck. Élizabeth, Paul and Lucien walk to Roublès and on the way they discover that it was a wine festival on the Sunday before that caused the villagers to turn into zombies. Once they arrive at Roublès, Paul and Lucien have something to eat while Élizabeth searches for her fiancee. She finds him and discovers he is infected. Paul shoots him so Èlizabeth shoots Paul and then she shoots Lucien.