In a few weeks, working class Scottish teenager Liam turns 16. He and his friends no longer attend school; instead, they prefer to sell cigarettes and defy the police all day long. They are completely left behind in a society which does little to alleviate the bad situation in which they live. Liam's mother is currently in prison, for a crime she did not commit. She will be released in a few weeks, in time for her son's 16th birthday. Liam loves his mother very much and his only goal is to save her from her brutal boyfriend, Stan, who deals drugs with Liam’s grandfather, Rab. In order to begin a new life with his mother Jean, Liam starts dealing in drugs with the aim of getting enough money to buy a mobile home in order to escape the wrath of Stan and the grandfather. The drugs he deals in come from Stan, or more precisely, were stolen from him by Liam and his friend, Pinball. They develop "entrepreneurial skills" and make money quickly. Their acumen for the business is soon recognised by the local "godfathers" of drugs. Liam and Pinball are propositioned to work for them. Liam, whose only goal is to live happily with his mother, readily accepts. He becomes what his stepfather is and what he had heretofore despised. When he crosses the line and engages in illegal activities, he thinks that he should simply leave the city. Unfortunately, he cannot do so, even though he is convinced that a better life awaits him. In the meantime, Chantelle, Liam’s sister, tries to take care of her son, Calum. Despite the fact that she became a mother very early , she tries to improve her own situation and that of Calum. She engages in part-time work and implores Liam to do the same because she wants Liam to make something "constructive" of his own life. She also attempts to warn her little brother about their mother probably not being so thankful for Liam’s efforts because she is too devoted to Stan. Liam ignores Chantelle's advice because he is so obsessed by the idea that everything will be fine once his mother is released. As Liam tries to build a new life, he gets more and more in trouble and ends in a seemingly hopeless situation.