Lucy  is a university student who holds a number of odd jobs: She volunteers as a test subject at the university medical research lab performing an experimental activity where she swallows an esophageal balloon, works as a cleaner/server at a coffee shop, and makes photocopies at an unnamed office. She also is seen at a high-class bar offering herself as a sex partner . She has a room where her landlord obviously doesn't like her, and she spends her time visiting an aloof man, Birdmann , who is attracted to her although she doesn't return the affection - though she does appear happier with him than at any other time. She serves him breakfast cereal with vodka, while pouring herself a glass as well. At Lucy's office job, she gets a call from her mother asking for money. This request appears expected as Lucy rattles a credit card number off from memory. Her supervisor looks on as Lucy concludes her brief exchange. She seems uncomfortable and slightly surprised by the intent behind the call however does not prompt Lucy for an explanation, nor does Lucy offer an apology or explanation for the interruption. Lucy responds to an ad and is invited to meet with Clara , who describes the job: freelance silver service in lingerie provided by her group. Lucy agrees and Clara tells her that she will never be penetrated during these encounters. She lies about using drugs and knowing how to do silver service waitressing, but Clara accepts her anyway. Clara says she will call Lucy by the name Sarah, and refers to her as such for the rest of the film. Lucy is seen getting beauty treatments and showing off her silver-service pouring skills for Birdmann before arriving for the event. She is the only girl dressed in white lingerie, which mostly covers her breasts; the other women present seem much older, have cut-out black lingerie, and wear severe makeup. The event is a formal dinner party at an ornate, elegant home for five elderly gentlemen and one woman. Lucy serves drinks throughout and is excused after having served brandy to the guests. As she is about to leave, she is intentionally tripped by one of the guests and collapses on the floor, smashing the brandy bottle, just as the party turns into more of an orgy between the guests and the other girls. She goes home with the money she made, counts out her rent, then burns one banknote. Lucy's personal life begins changing at that point. Birdmann confesses that he's not going to make it, begging off detox when Lucy suggests it. While in his apartment, Lucy asks if Birdmann will marry her, to which he casually replies yes. It becomes clear that neither is sincere about holding up their end of the proposal, and that this is more of a running joke. After at least one other session as a serving girl, Lucy gets a call from Clara's assistant Thomas  for a different request. Lucy is driven to a country mansion where Clara informs her that she'll drink some tea and then fall into a deep sleep. Later we see Lucy lying in a large bed, sedated, as Clara leads in the man who hosted the first dinner party. He recollects having recently re-read a short story from "The Thirtieth Year" by Ingeborg Bachmann, about a man who strived to escape his life but could not do so. He compares his life to that of the character, stating that "all of his bones are broken" and that he will soon need Clara's help. After Clara reminds the man of the no penetration rule and departs, he strips, caresses Lucy's body, and cuddles up next to her as the scene fades. After a tense conversation with her landlords, Lucy is evicted from her room. She rents a much more expensive apartment with a beautiful view of the city, taking on the lease before even seeing the place. She also asks Thomas if he could help her getting more jobs from Clara, given her new expense. After two more sessions sleeping at Clara's house , Birdmann calls her; he has overdosed on drugs, and she visits him as he dies. She takes off her shirt and gets in bed with him, crying but making no effort to help him. At his funeral, Lucy talks to a former acquaintance and blandly asks him if he'll marry her, echoing her earlier casual banter with Birdmann. Unlike Birdmann, he believes her to be sincere and is dumbfounded. He refuses, citing a previous failed relationship with her, his new relationship that is working well, and several character flaws that he observes in Lucy. He tells her to "Fuck [herself] to death" and to try courtesy. Lucy raises her glass "to courtesy." Shortly after, she is fired from her office job. Lucy then buys a small concealable camera at an electronics store, and tests it during one of her classes. She takes drugs with a coworker from her coffee shop job, goes night swimming with him, and wakes up naked in her apartment with him in the bed next to her. She is late for her assignment with Clara, who has already sent a car to retrieve her. She is hung over, and vomits on the ride to the mansion. Once Lucy arrives, she lies to Clara, saying she feels "fine," and then asks Clara if she can see what happens during the sessions while she is asleep. Clara refuses, saying it will put her clients at risk of blackmail and that no exceptions are made. Right after being placed on the bed for the session, however, she awakes, and removes the small camera which she had concealed in her mouth. Staggering under the onset of the effects of the sleep-inducing tea, she is able to place the camera and return to bed before being found out. The client is once again the first man, but this time he also drinks the tea with a much larger dose of the drug. The morning after, Clara comes in and checks the man's pulse, showing no surprise when he cannot be awakened. She then tries to wake Lucy but is at first unable to do so, eventually having to use mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. Lucy wakes and, discovering that the naked man lying beside her is dead, screams in desperation. The movie ends with the scene captured by the camera that Lucy had installed: the dead old man and the sleeping girl both lying on the bed.