The film opens with homemade videos of Jack and Jill growing up. As the videos progress, it seems that Jack is the more gifted twin, with Jill constantly trying to get his attention by hitting him, hurting girls around him, etc. The film then goes to an adult Jack , a successful advertising executive in Los Angeles with a beautiful wife  and two kids, Sofie and Gary. Jack is incredibly irritated about the holiday visit of his "identical"{{cite web}} twin sister Jill , as he has to pick her up at 4:00am. Following a series of problems from the airport to the house, Jack's patience is soon stretched increasingly thin. Jill's neediness and passive-aggressiveness is maddening to Jack, turning his normally tranquil life upside down. Jill starts ruining Thanksgiving dinner by talking loud, calling one of the guests homeless, and then runs away into the woods near the house with her pet Cockatoo. Jill says she has a list of things she wants to do before she leaves; she wants to be on a game show, go horseback riding, and do a studio tour. She tells them she has an open-ended ticket and Jill decides to stay until the end of Hanukkah. Meanwhile, Jack's client wants him to get Al Pacino to appear in a Dunkin Donuts commercial. Jill tries online dating, but doesn't get much of a response until Jack poses as Jill and alters her profile, leading her to get over 100 responses. When her date, "Funbucket" , meets her, however, he runs away and hides in the bathroom. Feeling guilty, Jack takes her to the Lakers game where Al Pacino is supposed to be. Pacino develops a crush on Jill as he gives her his phone number on a hot dog, written in mustard and ketchup. Jack hopes Jill would leave by New Year's Eve since Jack and his family are going on a cruise. All of Jack's friends throw him a birthday party and extend it to Jill as well, having never known that he even had a sister. Later, Pacino takes Jill to his home and lets her pick out a cake. The next day, Jill is leaving, until Jack's gardener, Felipe, takes her to the park to have fun. Jack doesn't want Jill to be alone on New Year's, so he invites her to the cruise, but she won't go. Pacino and Jack strike a deal in which Pacino will do the commercial if he gets a date with Jill. Jack disguises himself as Jill and goes on the date with Pacino. As Jack learns how much Pacino cares about Jill, he realizes that he loves his sister, and races back to the ship. Once there, however, he learns that Jill has gone back home to the Bronx. Jill goes to a restaurant with a picture of the twins' deceased mother. Jack and the family show up and celebrate with her. At the restaurant they see an old high school classmate, Monica  who attacks Jack's wife, but is stopped by Jill. Afterwards, they go to Jill's house, which Felipe has decorated to declare his love for Jill. She is overjoyed that someone loves her, and embraces him. Pacino also shows up at the party &mdash; in costume after a performance of Man of La Mancha &mdash; to declare his love, but steps aside once he sees that Jill is happy with someone else. The film ends with the commercial that Pacino stars in, promoting a new coffee Dunkaccino as a rap song. Pacino hates the commercial and tells Jack to destroy every copy and threaten everyone who has seen it.