Sammy, a sea turtle, hatches on a deserted beach and tries to climb out of the hole where he hatched. Being caught by a seagull, he struggles for his life and manages to escape, as the seagull clashes in the air with another seagull, also carrying its prey, who turns out to be a female hatchling sea turtle, Shelly. Sammy falls onto an old raft and gets carried into the open ocean, losing Shelly. In the ocean he meets another hatchling, Ray, who tells him the story of a "turtle paradise" on an island called "Lapagos", and they together start their voyage there. Later, the two get caught by trawls. Sammy is released back into the sea by the fishermen, but loses Ray. Washed onto the shore in California, he is picked up by a hippie woman and lives as a pet in the hippie commune with Vera, another female sea turtle, who is older than Sammy, and Catoff, a cat, who claims to be French. On a Christmas evening the hippies draw a peace sign on his shell to sign him as the peace ambassador. When the hippies see that Sammy and Vera will not mate, they release Vera. The police evicts the hippie commune from the beach, and Sammy decides to return back to the sea. There he meets Vera and a young female sea turtle who is attacked by a shark. Vera and Sammy save the turtle who turns out to be Shelly, his childhood friend. They decide to travel together to find the secret passage and use it to travel to the paradise island. They manage to find the passage  but get separated as they try to pass a lock. Sammy finds an old refrigerator thrown off a ship by the humans and uses it to travel to Antarctic. In the Antarctic waters Sammy meets a fin whale who barely escapes a harpoon from a whaling ship. The harpoon destroys the refrigerator, but Sammy is saved by the anti-whaling protesters and taken back to California where he finds Shelly, Catoff and people from the hippie commune . The ex-hippie recognize the peace sign on Sammy's shell. Shelly is released into the ocean before Sammy, and they are once again separated. As he searches for Shelly, Sammy encounters two sea turtles that urge him to help their friend who got trapped in an intermodal container. Sammy rescues the turtle, who turns out to be his old friend Ray. They swim together to a wrecked Spanish galleon where Ray lives with Rita, his girlfriend. Being told about Shelly, Rita remembers her and advises Sammy to search for her in the galleon. Sammy finds Shelly being courted by another sea turtle. Disappointed and upset, Sammy returns to his friends only to find out that the turtle who courted Shelly is a playboy but has a strong relationship with another female. Together with Ray and Albert, a shark who lost his teeth, they set up a fake shark attack on Shelly to let Sammy save her again and win her heart. Shelly and Sammy then reunite and, along with Ray and Rita, return to the beach they hatched. The closing scene of the movie shows Sammy helping one of his new-hatched grandsons to climb out of the hole.