Gu Manzhen  is an educated girl, working in a Shanghai factory as a clerical assistant. Her elder sister Manlu , who works as a nightclub hostess, supports her family. At the factory Manzhen meets two male former classmates, Xu Shuhui  and Shen Shijun , and the three become firm friends. Manzhen falls in love with the introverted Shijun, who hails from a wealthy family in Nanjing and is working in Shanghai because he does not want to inherit his father’s merchandising business. Unable to marry the man she loves, Manlu decides to marry wealthy, decadent playboy Zhu Hongcai . Meanwhile, Manzhen and Shijun encounter obstacles to their love. Shijun’s family  opposes their relationship and tries to match him with a cousin, Shi Cuizhi . Manzhen quarrels with Shijun, and the two part unhappily. Manlu is unable to bear children. To keep her husband, she arranges for Manzhen—visiting overnight—to be locked in their mansion and raped by Zhu . Manzhen becomes pregnant and is kept prisoner in Zhu’s mansion, unable to contact Shijun. When Shijun arrives to see Manzhen, Manlu sends him away thinking that Manzhen has rejected his love because of their social differences. Manzhen escapes from the hospital after giving birth to Zhu’s son, and becomes a schoolteacher in another town. By the time she writes to Shijun, he has married Cuizhi. Cuizhi and her mother-in-law burn Manzhen's letters to Shijun. Many years later, a desperately-ill Manlu tracks down Manzhen to ask her forgiveness. Before she dies, she returns Manzhen's biological son  in the hope that Manzhen will raise him. Manzhen still hates Zhu , but decides to stay with him for the sake of their son. Fourteen years after their parting, Manzhen and Shijun meet again by chance at their favorite restaurant in Shanghai. The two catch up on each other's lives and realize hopelessly that no matter how much they still love each other, because of their other obligations they can never be together again. The film then flashes back to Shijun's search for Manzhen's missing red glove, which was when their romance began.