Star Wreck: In the Pirkinning starts off with the newly established P-Fleet warping into a remote region of space. They approach an anomaly, identified as a "maggot hole" . On the bridge of the C.P.P. Potkustartti , Captain James B. Pirk  reminisces about the events that led up to this, where the previous movie, Star Wreck V: Lost Contact, left off. Pirk is stranded with his crew, Commander Dwarf  and Commander Info , on 20th century Earth. Dwarf works at a small-time hot dog stand, and Pirk stuffs himself with hamburgers while trying to pick up girls. Info's whereabouts are unknown. While they're stranded on Earth, the timeline is wrecked beyond repair, so Pirk decides to take fate into his own hands. Pirk locates the Vulgars' spaceship, whose first contact mission was corrupted by rock star Jeffrey Cochbrane, who sold their ship to Russia. Pirk incites the Russians at the Chanistanya nuclear facility to revolt. They build a new ship, the C.P.P. Kickstart. With Russia's help the P-Fleet is born again. Earth falls quickly under Pirk's rule, but the primitive technology of the new P-Fleet's ships prevents the empire from expanding to other planets. With Sergey Fukov's encounter with the "maggot hole" Pirk has a new idea of conquest. His hunger for power and profound lack of reason makes him take the fleet through the maggot hole to a parallel universe. In this universe, history had a different path, leading to Babylon 5-like technology. Bent on conquest, Emperor Pirk reveals his plans of invading the parallel universe to Captain Johnny K. Sherrypie, the commander the Babel 13 . The two sides battle, and Babel 13's fleet is devastated. Sherrypie surrenders to the P-Fleet's forces, and lures the Kickstart's security detail, and Pirk himself, with promises of shore leave and sexual encounters with the Babel 13's female personnel. Sherrypie and his crew later attempt execute Pirk, but Pirk and his men escape. The battle then resumes with the arrival of the Excavator, commanded by Festerbester. After a bitter fight, the P-Fleet suffers considerable loss, and the Excavator inflicts heavy damage on the Kickstart. Crippled, the Kickstart is set on a collision course and the bridge personnel evacuate to Fukov's ship, the C.P.P. Kalinka. The destructive force of the Kickstart ramming the Excavator on the edge of a twist core split , along with the Kalinka destroying the Excavator's bridge, destroys Pirk's flagship. The remaining five P-Fleet ships move in on Babel 13, preparing to destroy it only to learn that Sherrypie's security officer Mikhail Garybrandy  has set the station's reactor to blow. The blast destroys the other ships and the Kalinka manages to escape through the maggot hole. However, the Kalinka spirals out of control and crashes into what appears to be ice age Earth. Pirk, Info and Dwarf manage to beam down to safety as the ship crashes. The ending mirrors Pirk's predicament in the beginning—he is stranded without a ship, during an uneventful time in history. Info suggests he go into power save mode and stop the fleet from ever leaving, thus saving Pirk and the rest of P-Fleet. The camera then pans into Earth's orbit showing the debris of the remaining P-Fleet suggesting they are actually in the future, not the past.