Matthew Ryan  has just been released from a psychiatric hospital following a breakdown resulting from the disappearance of his eight year old younger brother, Tom . After returning home, Matthew finds a tape from right after Tom went missing, a news clip in which Matthew's father, Jake  says, "I just want, Tom back. Please don't hurt him." While watching the tape the whispered, eerie voice of Tom says, "Matthew..." Later, when Jake returns home, Matthew tells him about what he heard and shows him the tape, hoping that Jake will hear the voice too. However, Jake does not hear the voice and goes into a fit of rage as the wound of losing his son is reopened. Matthew soon meets his new troubled neighbour, Amy Tyler . She does not say much except that she's sorry about Tom, and then leaves. Matthew is then walking along the pavement when he peers in a store window noticing a television with a reel of Missing Child photos. Tom shows up on the screen and Matthew sees the reflection of Tom behind him in the window. He turns around, but Tom is gone. That night at the park, Matthew is smoking with his friend, Simon  whom he tells about hearing Tom's voice. Simon informs him of a phenomenon where people hear dead people's voices on tapes, which Matthew at first thinks nothing of as he still believes Tom is alive. The next day, Matthew records his own voice on a tape hoping to hear Tom when he plays it back. While in the middle of recording, a gang comes up to him, taunting him for being crazy, talking to himself in the park. They smash his recorder and beat him up. When Matthew wakes up, Amy is there, who takes him back home with her. They talk about their own personal issues for a while until Matthew goes home to listen to the tape. He once again hears Tom's voice, though Jake is becoming increasingly concerned for Matthew's mental health. That night Matthew has what will become a recurring dream of being buried alive. In the morning Matthew is visited by a clergymen, Adrian Ballan  who talks to him for a while about Tom. Not really listening, Matthew sees a gaunt looking Tom, out the window. He disappears and eventually Adrian leaves. Later that day, Matthew meets up with Simon and makes him listen to the tape with Tom's voice on it. Simon laughs, not believing him, suggesting he, "Need to spend a bit more time in the old whack shack, you know what I mean?" Matthew leaves, irritated and furious that no one believes him. He again meets up with Amy who says that she believes him and recommends he go and talk to a medium she knows. Taking her advice, Matthew finds the medium, Shelley Cartwright  who tells him that perhaps Tom is trying to tell him something. Before Matthew leaves, the medium's daughter, Rebecca  gives him a drawing of a girl. Matthew goes home and Jason Saks  asks him what he thinks about all the recent abductions. Upon asking Jason what he means, Matthew discovers that Simon's younger sister, Sophie  has been recently abducted. Matthew refuses to answer Jason's questions and hurries off to Simon's house. He then realizes that the picture Rebecca gave him, was of Sophie. He shows it to Simon, who tells Matthew that Shelley Cartwright died years ago when her flat burnt down. He then throws Matthew out in a rage. Matthew returns to the medium's house and sees it was burnt down. He confides all of this information to Amy who tells him it does not matter if Tom is alive or not, that Matthew just has to listen to him. After going to his appointment at the hospital, Matthew is chased out of the park by the gang that attacked him earlier and is rescued by Adrian who talks to him again about Tom, and what Matthew is going through. The next day Matthew and Jake get in an argument about Tom's disappearance. Matthew accuses Jake of killing Tom and Jake then blames Matthew, telling him that he was supposed to be looking after Tom on the night he disappeared. Matthew then runs off and meets up with Amy who comforts him and explains that he cannot blame Jake for what's happened and has to trust him. The next day Matthew apologizes to Jake who then has men from the hospital to come and take him away again but Matthew runs away. Simon sees him and goes to tell him something but before he can talk Matthew explains to him that Adrian abducted Tom and Sophie. He then goes to what appears to be an underground catacomb and in it he is attacked by Adrian. When Simon and Jake come looking for Matthew there, Adrian says he has not seen him, but Simon secretly follows him. Simon goes down into the catacomb and while looking around for Matthew, Adrian drags him away and is holding him around the neck. He snaps his neck, killing him. Matthew, unaware Simon was there, finds Sophie whom he tells to run away when Adrian comes and attacks him again. When Matthew awakens, he finds Simon dead and escapes, collapsing outside of the catacomb and later waking up in the hospital. After leaving the hospital he learns that Amy had killed herself before they had ever met and that she must have been a ghost. Tom's body is also discovered, and Matthew and his father are finally able to give him a proper burial.