This is the tale of a young girl whose life is filled with tragedy. Mouchette  lives in an isolated rural village with her alcoholic father and bedridden mother, where she takes care of her infant brother and does all the housework. The film opens with a gamekeeper, Mathieu , watching a poacher, Arsène  as he sets his snares in the sunlit woods. Mouchette is first introduced at her school, in bedraggled clothes and oversized clogs, where she is mocked by her classmates and chastised by her teacher, first for refusing to sing, and then for singing off-key. To correct this, her teacher grabs her by the head, orienting Mouchette's ear toward the piano keys, while she strikes the correct note several times. Later, in a contrast to the misery of her daily life, Mouchette goes to the fair and rides on the bumper cars. She meets a young man who bumps his car into hers several times. She bumps into his a few times. Despite the physical shocks incurred upon her during the activity, Mouchette seems to overlook them, and even likes the young man. Afterwards her father abruptly intervenes, slapping her on the face before she can speak to the boy. While walking home from school one day, she gets lost in the woods, and must seek shelter in a nearby house when a fierce rainstorm falls. The owner of the house, Arsène, an alcoholic epileptic, fears he has killed a man with whom he had fought, and attempts to use Mouchette as an alibi to disabuse him of the blame. After she agrees to repeat the story he gives her, Arsène rapes her. She runs into the woods to hide and at sunrise leaves for home, humiliated by the experience. Later in the day, when confronted about the fight in the woods, she tries to offer the agreed upon story, having to state reluctantly that she was at Arsène's house through the night because they were lovers. Returning home and finding her mother's condition worsening, she attempts to assuage her fears by comforting her. When her mother eventually succumbs to this sickness, she is brought in by an elderly women who gives her several dresses as well as a shroud to cover her mother upon her mourning. As she leaves, overwhelmed by the disaster that has befallen her, she goes to a nearby lake, covers herself in the shroud, rolls herself downhill into the water, and drowns.