Linda Marsh  is a housewife who seems to have a perfect life: along with her husband, high school principal George  and three loving children Drew , Mandy  and Willie , she is living in a suburban house in a small and peaceful town. One day, she decides to surprise her husband at his office to celebrate their 16th anniversary, and finds him kissing with one of the teachers, Ann Marie Scott . Immediately, her life falls apart, and she lands in a roller coaster of emotions. Her husband initially tries to save their marriage, but Linda kicks him out of the house. They later fight over the raising of the children. To forget her depression, Linda starts going out in bars, for which George condemns her. He blames her of bad parenting, while she continues to blame the adultery for everything that is going wrong in the family. Mandy refuses to speak to her father, and Drew is especially mad at George, because he has always felt unwanted by him. Willie, on the other hand, misses his father enormously and starts acting out by constantly wearing a bunny suit. One day, Linda allows Drew to drive her car, and he accidentally causes a minor car accident with Dr. Mark Chandler . Sometime later, she meets him again at his office, where her son Drew has an appointment. Chandler discovers that he is suffering from dyslexia, which hurts Drew's self-confidence, as he was already struggling with his relationship with George. Mark becomes close to the family, and Linda's mother Dixie  - who came to town to support her daughter - convinces her daughter to start dating him. Meanwhile, George finds out that his new life with Ann Marie is not all that satisfying as expected, and he meets with Linda to convince her to try and save their marriage. Linda almost falls for him again, until he makes a nasty remark. She makes a scene and tells him that she can't believe that she was ever in love with him. Soon after, Ann Marie, annoyed by George's pessimistic behavior, breaks off their relationship. George lands into a severe depression, and one day calls Linda and his children announcing his suicide. Linda and the children rush to the motel where he is staying, and convince him not to shoot himself.