Hungama revolves around four primary characters, Anjali, Nandu, Mr. Tiwari, and Jeetu, as their lives in the big city become intertwined following a series of mishaps and misunderstandings. Anjali  has run away from a small village to get a job in the big city, where she hopes to make enough money to pay off the debts her family owes their landlord. Otherwise Anjali will have to marry the landlord's son, Raja , whom she describes as a "First Class Idiot." Once she arrives in the city, the only way she can find cheap lodging is by pretending to be married to a total stranger, Nandu , an aspiring musician, an arrangement thought up by local milkman and fixer, Bholu . Anjali and Nandu initially don't get along but must make do to retain their low-rent accommodation. Meanwhile, an electronics salesman named Jeetu  is struggling to find a loan to start his own business. His wealthy dad refuses to loan him a single penny, and he is quite frustrated. He discusses his situation with his equally penniless friend Anil  who confides in him that "the best way to access funds is to marry into them," i.e. marry someone's rich daughter. This is precisely what he plans to do himself, by seducing the daughter of a local bigwig named Kachara Seth . He plans to make himself appear rich and expects that, once married, the father-in-law will be able to do nothing upon discovering that his new son-in-law is actually poor and will have to accept Anil into the family as-is. Acting on what is meant to be simply a sarcastic comment by his father about getting money by "stealing from someone else" instead of "begging from his father," Jeetu takes the matter up and ends up stealing a chunk of cash from his parent's safe. He then proceeds to fulfill his dream of opening his electronics business at the local mall. Meanwhile, millionaire businessman Radeshyam Tiwari , who lives in a village with his wife  and retains the mannerisms of a villager despite his untold riches, decides to spend a few weeks in the city. He and his wife are afraid of becoming estranged from their London-educated children when they return home; a stint in the city observing the ways of city folk seems like a good idea. Mr. Tiwari owns a large villa in the city but has never lived there, leaving it occupied by a servant named Pandu. Unbeknownst to Tiwari, Anil has been living at his villa for the past couple of weeks, having struck a deal with Pandu. The plan involves pretending to be Tiwari's son and asking Kachara Seth for his daughter's hand in marriage. The plan has been working to perfection so far, with money- and status-conscious Kachara Seth having visited the villa, having become impressed with Anil, and having decided to betroth his daughter to someone he believes is Tiwari's real son. However, the plan is about to fall apart at the final hurdle, with news that Tiwari is unexpectedly arriving in town tomorrow. Fearful for his own employment, Pandu begs Anil to make some excuse to Kachara Seth, leave the villa and find temporary shelter elsewhere until Tiwari has come and gone. Anjali gets news of Tiwari's arrival from a friend and pays a visit to the villa in the hope of landing a job there. She turns up for an interview, but Tiwari's wife does not like her husband's bubbling behavior towards the young, attractive Anjali and slams the door in her face. Desperate for a job, she decides to wait outside the door in the hope of seeing Tiwari again when he steps outside by himself. At this point, Jeetu shows up at the villa to fix a stereo his shop sold Tiwari the day before. When he sees Anjali at the door, he mistakes her for the daughter of Tiwari and, with the words of Anil in the back of his mind, instinctively starts wooing Anjali. Unable to land a job at the Tiwaris, Anjali later bumps into Jeetu when she replies to a help wanted ad in the newspaper for work at Jeetu's new store. Jeetu is perplexed as to why super-rich "Mr. Tiwari's daughter" would want to work a mediocre job but agrees to hire her without inquiring too deeply, realizing the golden opportunity such arrangement offers him in being able to woo her daily. Anjali, realizing Jeetu's mistake, does not correct him, realizing she may not land the job if Jeetu finds out she is a poor village girl. Nandu, in the meantime, has begun to fall in love with Anjali while living with her. However, with Jeetu beginning to spend a considerable amount of time with Anjali outside of work, its simply a matter of time before Nandu and Jeetu cross paths. When they do, the result is an immediate and highly public verbal altercation. Anjali is able to avoid Jeetu discovering the fact that she knows Nandu and shares a room with him. Every day after work, Jeetu drops Anjali off at the Tiwari villa mistakenly believing she lives there as Tiwari's daughter. As soon as he drives off, Anjali turns away from the front door and hastily makes her way out before the Tiwaris can spot her. As it turns out, Mrs. Tiwari also happens to be named Anjali, which leads to much confusion and misunderstanding between Jeetu, Anjali, Mr. Tiwari, and Mrs. Tiwari. With Jeetu often showing up at Mr. Tiwari's villa asking Mr. Tiwari for "Anjali" and Mrs. Tiwari often spotting the real Anjali outside the villa where Jeetu drops her off after work, soon, the Tiwaris become convinced that each is having an affair with the younger counterparts. This results in several acrimonious arguments and much tantrum throwing between the elderly couple. To make matters even more complicated, Anjali receives a letter from home, informing her that her prospective groom Raja is coming to the city to see her. Raja arrives the next day but is intercepted by Nandu at the train station, who teams up with Bholu to formulate a plan to scare the simpleton Raja away from the city before he can get in touch with Anjali. In the meantime, Kachara Seth, too, has visited the villa on several occasions. Upon finding the Tiwaris there and Pandu and Anil missing, has become very agitated, with the honor of his daughter in the balance. Mr. Tiwari tries to explain to him that he has no son here in the city and, even if his son cam here from London without his knowledge, he would never ever marry the daughter of some low-class person like Kachara. Tensions soon boil over between Mr. Tiwari and Kachara Seth. Now Mr. Tiwari is after Jeetu for his perceived dalliances with his wife; Kachara Seth is after Mr. Tiwari and his missing son Anil; Jeetu is after Mr. Tiwari for Anjali's hand in marriage; and Nandu's landlord's wife has fallen for Nandu and is after him about eloping with her. All the major characters start chasing after each other and end up in a warehouse, where a big melee follows. In the end, Jeetu and Nandu confront Anjali and profess their love for her, forcing her to choose between them. Seemingly cornered into a difficult choice, Anjali proceeds to write Jeetu and Nandu's name on several chits, folds them up and asks Jeetu to pick one. Whoever's name shows up, she promises to marry him. Jeetu is reluctant, convinced she is in love with him, but he picks up a chit and Nandu's name shows up. Anjila walks off into the sunset with Nandu. When a disappointed Jeetu collapses to the floor in despair and opens the other chits, they all have Nandu's name: Anjali had fallen in love with Nandu along the way and the ruse with the chits was a way to make rejecting Jeetu more palatable.