Action Kamen's 'Action stone' has been robbed by Leotard Devil aka.. Without the Action stone, he can't go to his world. So he chooses Shinchan and his family to get back his stone through the action card numbered 99  According to the plan of Action Kamen and Mimico they make Shinchan's family to move to a beach so they can make them travel to Shinchan's family to Parallel world so they could help them to defeat tharaloard devil . Next Day they get a message of Action Kamen needs help to save the world from the other solar system's clutch through News & Newspaper. Half of the people of Japan, Saytama Prefecture, etc. were converted into higure people. Higure man were just going to attack Nohara Family to convert them too in higure people. There Ririko arrives and saves them. Before Nohara Family were thinking that there shooting is going on, then after Ririko makes them convence that they are not in their own world. Dr. North Kasukabe kept the action stone out of the toilet in a wrapper of toffee which Shinchan swallowed it during the absence of Dr. North Kasukabe and Ririco.  Principal of Futaba Kinder garden came telling that higure men are coming here and told run through the bus. Suddenly Higure' Man Tea Pack Man comes to get the action stone but shinchan Gets helps to escape from him. Higure Messages him and says to leave them. The bus was on the way, where Madsuzaka Mam  comes and gets all information about the action stone. Dr. North Kasukabe tells Principal Sir to Get the bus to his secret place where they are save. There Madsuzaka Mam Reveals that she is a spy from the higures.There Rope Ladies and their team arrives  Unfortunately everyone gets attacked by the higure beem but, Ririko, Mitsy and Shinchan got safe. Shinchan Arrived Higure's Place and called action kamen where they got a fight and save their world. as shinchan was having the action stone he too was able to shoot action beem. At last the war ended Higures went to their Solar System and Shinchan and his family went to their own world. The story ends with a quarrel with shinchan and his mom .