The film begins with a party, where a crowd of people have gathered at a friend's apartment. When a horny man named Yann goes to the bathroom to check out the kick in the eye he received for pawing goth hottie Raphaëlle, he's attacked and murdered by a strange and mysterious man in a cloak and skull mask. His body is discovered by a girl named Kae, and the killer promptly takes her head, and right in the middle of the party. Everyone pauses and the apartment erupts in panic. The stranger wades through the partygoers, skewering heads and slashing away until the revelers have either fled or perished. Raphaëlle challenges the assassin to fight. Meanwhile the rest of the survivors run for safety, but somehow they keep finding themselves back in the same apartment. They all decide to split up to find help, but time and time again they still end up at the apartment. They find Raphaëlle and discover that she had been possessed and transformed into a hellish she-bitch. The slaughtering continues as the killer finds the remaining survivors, they manage to fight back and turn the killers gun on him. Peter continues to search for Raphaëlle, what he finds instead is death and another gun fight takes place. When the bullets run out, Peter takes a beating from death and gives him a glimpse into hell, but death decides to spare Peter's life for the moment, as Peter has been able to fight him off the longest. Death now proposes a challenge: a fight, with the winner keeping Peter's soul. Death gives Peter 24 hours to rest up and train for the fight and he is also cautioned regarding the concequences should he try to cheat Death in any way. Peter decides to take his fate into his own hands, and puts a pistol to his head. What he sees next is all his dead friends who take him to a club where the rules of the afterlife are explained to him. There is a small "entrance exam" given by their new employer, during which the candidate must take the life of someone he loved while he was alive. Peter's target is easily identified, and not wanting their "contracts cancelled" his friends tag along to ensure that all goes well. Joining them is another friend from the party who now declares that he's a real angel, not an angel of Death, and has been sent down as an arbiter for the events that come to pass when Death walks among the living.{{cite web}}