Character actress Marilyn Hack , despite having been in the industry for 30 years, is best known for playing a blind prostitute in a film from the late 1980s. Victor Allen Miller  is also an acting veteran who is known to the public as the hot-dog wearing mascot for a kosher line of frankfurters. Together they are cast in a new film called Home for Purim as the patriarch and dying matriarch of a Southern U.S. Jewish family in the 1940s. A newcomer ingenue, Callie Webb , plays their lesbian daughter, who has come home along with her girlfriend . Rounding out the cast is Brian Chubb , playing Webb's brother who has returned home from the Navy. The family reunites in time to celebrate the Jewish holiday of Purim. Home for Purims cast and crew are in the process of making what appears to be a low-budget melodrama. The director  is constantly adding bizarre camera shots and acting notes. The producer, a diaper service heir, dresses flamboyantly but doesn't seem to know much about managing a film beyond paying for expenses. The two writers are at odds with the director, seeing their script mash together Southern genteel with out-of-place Jewish references and words. The film-within-a-film's plot centers around the daughter's confession of her lesbianism as her mother gets nearer to death and the family celebrates an awkward Purim. Because of an off-hand remark that turns into a full-blown rumor, Oscar buzz begins around all of the cast . Each begins obsessing about the award potential in his or her own way. Hack pretends not to care while secretly pining for the award. Miller begins to demand a higher salary and more dignified work. Webb breaks up with Chubb , claiming he is not being supportive. He is virtually left in the dark. The obnoxious entertainment news program Hollywood Now and its hosts  fuel the awards-season buzz, as well as revealing other contenders for the top prizes. At this point, studio executives butt in and force the writers to make script changes, feeling the film is "too Jewish." It is retitled Home for Thanksgiving. Despite the changes, the Oscar buzz intensifies to the point where Hack, Miller, and Webb are convinced they will be nominated for Academy Awards. They all begin to do major press appearances for the film. These are often embarrassing, both for the actors and the movie audience. Miller appears on a hip-hop teen show called Chillaxin in youthful attire with capped teeth, a tan, and dyed blonde hair. Hack gets breast implants and extensive plastic surgery to the point where her face is comically ecstatic. Callie goes on an L.A. shock-jock radio show, only to field questions about topless scenes rather than her performance. Ultimately the only person nominated for an award is Chubb, the one person for whom there was no buzz at all.  Miller goes back to auditioning for food commercials and other infomercials for useless products. Webb revives her failed one-woman show, No Penis Intended. Hack  becomes an acting teacher and seems uncomfortably at peace with her mediocre career.