{{plot}} Kennedy comes across his CIA contact, "Scarecrow", who has been beaten to near-death. After struggling to get information about the BOWs from him, Scarecrow manages to murmur "bee keeper", which invokes a flashback to a honey van that Leon saw earlier. Suddenly, a Licker attacks and kills Scarecrow. Leon is knocked out and is himself almost killed by the Licker until a shadowy figure, apparently able to control the creature, appears. When Leon comes to, he meets three rebel fighters: J.D.; Alexander Kozachenko; and the elderly Ivan Judanovich, who is the Ataman of the group. Leon quickly realizes that the rebels are using BOW's taken from the Lickers, and urges them to stop; Alexander refuses. Meanwhile, President Svetlana Belikova is met by Ada Wong, who is posing as a member of the United Nations. Ada provides information about BOW's to Svetlana and her generals, and reveals that there is a way to control BOW's with a master-slave relationship using the Plaga parasites. Elsewhere, Republic soldiers burst into the rebels' hideout and surround the fighters. Leon tries to warn them about the Plagas awakening in Ivan, but Sasha grabs his gun and shoots each of the soldiers. Later, in a conversation overheard by Leon, Ivan tells Alexander to leave him behind, fearing that his sickly state will get them killed before the planned attack on the Presidential Palace the next day. Reluctantly, Sasha shoots Ivan in a mercy killing. Continuing down the tunnels, Leon retrieves his flashlight and combats some Plaga hosts. He finds JD, only to be attacked by more Plaga hosts. JD is too frightened to shoot, and Leon is forced to save the both of them. JD begins to trust Leon and leads the way to the church. Leon and JD retreat up to the surface of the city square where they witness a soldier being surrounded by a horde of Ganados. JD wants to help but is stopped by Leon who shakes his head. One of the Ganados takes out an infant parasite from her open mouth and forces it down the soldier's throat. The soldier quickly loses control of his body to the parasite. JD expresses his shock at what has happened to the civilians but Leon is hardly surprised having experienced the Plagas within himself in Resident Evil 4. He suspects them of possessing and infecting themselves with the parasites in order to control the Lickers - their secret weapons in their war against President Svetlana Belikova and her government council. He reveals that it is the cause of the civilians' current condition. Inside the church, Alexander appears with his remaining rebels. Although he agrees with Leon, he still sees the American as a threat to their very existence and ties him up. After he is gone, JD frees Leon and urges him to stop Alexander after revealing that the death of the latter's wife is the cause of his hatred and anger against the government, and that his loss of morals are merely another casualty of the war. He also passes him a machine pistol. Leon heads into the same car parking lot he was attacked by Lickers earlier. Upon finding Alexander's empty suitcase, he finds himself in brief combat with Ada Wong, whom he initially thinks is responsible for the Plaga outbreak due to her sample-retrieval mission in Resident Evil 4. Ada denies it and confesses retrieving the sample is still her primary objective while being in Eastern Slav. She then sidetracks him by asking when they are going to continue where they left off from Resident Evil 4. While making her typical exit with her hook-shot, Ada warns Leon that the city will soon be purged by the military. Leon returns to the church to find it surrounded by Ganados. He makes it through climbing a ladder. Once inside, he finds that the rebel fighters have all killed each other, and JD is the only survivor. JD hands Leon all his gear back, including JD's canteen. Alexander enters and JD reveals that he is infected. Before he can do any harm, he is shot down by Leon. Just as the Plaga takes complete control of his body, JD confesses that he never wanted to be a fighter and all he wanted was to be with his friends. JD's head bursts open to reveal multiple tentacles springing forth from his severed neck. Leon shoots again to bring him down for good, stating that he was looking forward to showing him America. Leon asks Alexander to give up the Plagas, which will only do more harm than good. Alexander refuses, and he escapes when military jets bomb the church, bringing the ceiling down. Inside the Presidential palace, President Svetlana learns from her aide that there is no one by the name of Ada Wong working within the UN. The military sets up a perimeter at the gate outside the Palace the following morning, but is wiped out by Lickers emerging from three Honey Bee trucks. Inside, Svetlana exposes Ada as a fraud while her aide raises a gun to Ada. Ada disarms the aide before engaging the president in hand-to-hand combat, finding the former self-defence instructor to be a worthy match. The phone rings and the aide answers to inform the President that the Lickers have broken through the gates. Ada attempts to escape but a metal door shuts the room's exit, revealing the office as also an elevator that descends. Leon makes his way past the palace gate and all the corpses lying about. Inside, he is attacked by two Lickers and attempts to escape through double doors which behind is a large shaft where elevator descended. Ada awakens to find herself tied to the ceiling but manages to free herself by using a hidden knife she had stored within her shoe. She makes her way to the main hive control and encounters Leon. Their conversation is short-lived by Svetlana and her army troops surrounding them. Ada releases a smoke bomb and makes her escape. Leon holds Svetlana hostage but proves to be no match for her in combat. Svetlana lungs him to one side and orders her men to open fire but Leon manages to evade and takes cover. Lickers led by Alexander arrive through the elevator and begin attacking the troops and Leon. Alexander rushes head-on towards Svetlana and her aide, but finds himself blocked by bullet-proof glass. Svetlana activates her own BOWs before escaping - two Tyrants- to wipe out all opposition including the Lickers. Leon and Alexander team up and barely make it out of the palace basement thanks to Ada unlocking the elevator door and escaping through an emergency ladder when the combined weight of the two Tyrants caused the elevator to collapse. Outside the palace, they overhear someone screaming in the main compound where a third Tyrant is gripping a soldier by his head. Leon and Alexander work together to attempt to bring down the Tyrant, but all strategies fail until Alexander retrieves a military tank to save Leon from having his head punched by the Tyrant. Leon joins him and they use the tank gun to decapitate the Tyrant while holding its head in place with a Licker. With the tank overturned during the fight, Leon and Alexander are forced out into a confrontation with the first two Tyrants, which have finally reached the surface. Leon grabs Alexander to flee while the Tyrants give chase. The scene then changes to Svetlana, who was practicing her press conference speech when she decides to improvise. Her aide reassures her that everything was going accordingly. Ada would soon have an international bounty placed on her head, and Leon and Alexander would be overcome in a matter of time. Meanwhile, Leon and Alexander are too exhausted to continue fleeing. With no ammo left, Leon brandishes his combat knife to make a last stand when U.S. jet fighters appear and take out both Tyrants. Just as Svetlana prepares for her press conference, she is informed by her aide that they are under attack by both U.S. and Russian forces. Their bombardment and subsequent occupation eventually forces her to resign as president. Away from military attacks, Leon and Alexander watch the proceedings. Alexander confesses his loss of everything and asks Leon to end his life before he loses control to the Plaga. When Leon does not respond, he attempts to shoot himself. Leon stops him and tells him that he needs to carry on living even without the use of limbs to serve as the living-memory of those who died. Leon then shoots Alexander in his spinal cord, severing the parasite's control over him, confining Sasha to wheelchair for the rest of his life. Inside a hotel, Leon speaks to Ingrid Hunnigan about the mission while watches the news about the U.S. and Russia on TV. Elsewhere, Ada speaks to her employer about Plaga sample she retrieved, but attempts to haggle, stating that she has not quite decided whether or not to give it to him yet. Typing could be heard from Ada's employer, and Ada jests that she kinda of liked the international bounty that was added. The credits displayed cinematic scenes from Resident Evil 6.