The story unfurls itself in the course of a TV game show, much akin to Who Wants to be a Millionaire. Jayakrishnan , the protagonist, comes to take part in the show, hosted by popular filmstar Mukesh. In the course of the show, the host pries into Jayakrishnan’s past and the whole story is unfurled in flashback. Jayakrishnan, his uncle K. R. Menon  and his cousin, Menon’s daughter Radhika , who is Jayakrishnan’s sweetheart too, lived together. All of them were lawyers and their house was nicknamed "Kodathi veedu" . Among the lawyers of Kodathi Veedu, Jayakrishnan and his Junior Ponnappan  were the only utter. No client ever came in search of Jayakrishnan and he never earned anything. But he decided that he'd marry Radhika only after he had fought and won a legal battle. So Jayakrishnan, along with Ponnappan, decides to reopen the case of Hari Narayanan ([[Lal , who is locked up in a mental asylum for the past few years. Jayakrishnan, with timely help from Doctor Raziya ([[Manya , his friend, proves in court that Hari Narayanan is not insane and that he was dubbed a mad man by his own brother Raveendran , who wanted to wrest Hari's property too. It’s uncle Menon who fights the suit from the other side. Jayakrishnan wins the case. Hari Narayanan is released from the mental asylum. Jayakrishnan is married to Radhika. But the film takes an altogether turn when Jayakrishnan discovers that Hari Narayanan was actually insane. Jayakrishnan is helpless as he was ashamed to expose Hari Narayanan's insanity. Meanwhile, the insane Hari Narayanan thinks that it was him who married Radhika. Then starts a series of strange happenings after which everybody believes that it is Jayakrishnan who is insane. Meanwhile, Hari Narayanan begins to seek revenge on his brother. He explodes his brother's factory, which causes a huge financial loss. It was Radhika, who legally offered bail for Hari Narayanan, responsible to repay this amount. Obviously, they were not able to pay and Radhika is in prison for this. It was for her release that Jayakrishnan has come for the TV game show. Everything ends well when he wins the game show and free his sweet-heart.