The film is about Casanovva, a serial womaniser. Casanovva is the owner of Casanovva’s Eternal Spring, an international chain of flower boutiques. He has at his beck and call a faithful array of female followers including his staff, friends and former girlfriends, who will do anything for him. The film starts with a robbery carried out by the four criminals and they decided their next target in a wedding hall. They entered the wedding place as Casonnovva's  quests. Cassonova recognizes them but allows them to attend the marriage function keeping some plan in his mind. The young criminals  took some photos of their targeted rich persons and collect their details. Casanovva watches this all and does not respond at the spot. The next day was the wedding ceremony. Casanovva, with the aid of his friend in a TV channel , planned for a live telecast program to capture the young criminal's robbery. But unfortunately, the wedding was postponed due to some unexpected reasons. Thus the robbers pulled off from their plan. But within this time the TV channel peoples came and ready for the telecast. Suddenly Casanovva got an idea and announced a new live romance reality show through the channel named FALL IN LOVE. Then he created some plans to made the two peoples in the robbery gang to fall in love with Hanna  and Ann Mary  and telecast their love scenes using hidden cameras through the live reality show FALL IN LOVE. Hanna loves one of the young robber by hearing the words of Casonovva, who was her boss. The four robbers tried to steal a sword, but casanovva  interrupts them and took the sword from them. By this time, the tv show became popular and cause some problems to Ann Mary, the robbers and even Hanna. Hanna asks his boss, Casanovva what his plan was. At the moment, Casanovva reveals his flashback to Hanna. Some years back, cassanova came to Dubai and enjoyed with some girls. Zacariah  was a magazine reporter who publish the stories of Casanovva and his mingle with girls. Sameera Zacharia , daughter of Zacharia helped Casanovva from a danger and eventually they became friends. But gradually Casanovva understands that he has some different feeling to Zameera than other women. He realities that he is in love with her. She also has love interest in Casanovva. But her father requests Cassanovva to leave his daughter. He replied that he was in real love with his daughter. Casanovva called Zameera for a meeting to reveal his love to her. She was also been ready to tell her love. She put a mask in her face to make some surprise to Casanovva. But suddenly four robbers rushed to the road with the same mask which Zameera have. The police tried to capture them. The four robbers escaped and Zameera was caught by the police. Suddenly one of the robber shoots Zameera and she dies at the spot. Casanova waited for her and return back to his room so depressed. On the way, he saw the four robbers escaping in a car. But at that time he didn't get any idea about the incident happened. He knew the death of Zameera by watching TV news at his room. He suddenly rushes to the police to inform about the robbers. But they didn't spend time to hear what Casanovva had to tell. Here end the Flashback. He said to Hanna that the aim of the reality show was to understand the robbers about the feeling of love. He then captured the robbers and made them to explain that Zameera was not their gang member to public through the TV show. Thus Casanovva succeed in showing the innocence of his lover Zameera to the public and police. Then he asked the robbers that who killed Zameera. At the end, Casanovva kills the one who shoots his lover and surrenders to the police.