Cheyenne  is a wealthy former rock star, now bored and jaded in his retirement in Dublin. He travels to New York to reconcile with his estranged father during his final hours, only to arrive too late. After learning of his father's persecution in Auschwitz at the hands of former SS Officer Aloise Lange, Cheyenne begins a journey across the country to track down Lange, who is now hiding out in the United States. Cheyenne meets a variety of people including the wife of Lange, Lange's granddaughter and a businessman. He buys a large gun for his designs of revenge. At the gun shop, a bystander mentions to him that the style of gun Cheyenne wants to buy lets people "kill with impunity" and further says that people who are licensed to be monsters  only want to be monsters. When Cheyenne eventually tracks Lange down with the aid of a professional Nazi-hunter, who told him about Lange in the first place, Cheyenne hears his story and subsequently changes his mind. In Lange's monologue, he mentions that he had correspondence with Cheyenne's father - the recurring letter that is presumed by the audience to be narration of Cheyenne's father's journal was in fact a quotation from a letter from Lange that repeatedly called the Holocaust "the inferno". Lange reflects that after all the horrors of the Auschwitz concentration camp, Cheyenne's father remembered Lange the most. This was because Cheyenne's father "did something wrong" and so Lange threatened to let loose his German shepherd dog to attack him. Cheyenne's father was so frightened he wet himself. Before he leaves, Cheyenne takes a photo of Lange and whispers that it was an injustice for his father to die before Lange did. Prior to him just leaving, Cheyenne sees Lange emerge from his cabin in the freezing cold naked. The humiliation of Cheyenne's father mirrors this public embarrassment. Cheyenne then travels home via airplane  and cuts his bouffant rockstar hair down and removes his make up. He has finally made peace with his father, who he spited by wearing the aforementioned effeminate fashion. The implication is that Cheyenne has finally grown up.