John Klein  is a hotshot reporter for The Washington Post whose life suddenly takes a turn after he and his wife Mary  are involved in a car accident after she apparently tried to avoid something on the road. Although she suffers a non-fatal head injury, Mary's CAT scans show that she has an inoperable brain tumor diagnosed as glioblastoma. After she dies, John discovers an assortment of cryptic drawings she made of a strange black winged creature she saw on the night of the fateful accident. Two years later, while driving to Richmond, Virginia, John gets lost and inexplicably finds himself almost five hours off-course, arriving in the small town of Point Pleasant, West Virginia. Klein's car breaks down and he knocks on the door of a near by house. The owner of the house, Gordon Smallwood , reacts violently to Klein's appearance and holds him at gun point as he contacts the local authorities. Local police officer Connie Mills  defuses the situation while Gordon explains that this is the third night in a row that Klein has knocked on his door asking to use a phone, much to the confusion of Klein. Klein ends up staying at a local motel and finds out that somehow in the span of a few hours he has traveled way off course and he has no memory of how it happened. The next night Klein decides to park outside of Gordon's house and see who is actually knocking on the door. He is met there by Connie and they wait together to see if anyone will show up. While no one shows up, Connie mentions that many strange things have been occurring the past few weeks. They go back to the police station and review the files of the different reports. One of the pictures in the files matches very closely with Mary's drawings. Klein helps Connie investigate, while also becoming friendlier with Gordon. While talking with Gordon one day, it is revealed to Klein that Gordon had heard voices from his sink telling him that in Denver, 99 will die. Scared that Gordon has the same ailment that killed his wife, Klein takes Gordon to the doctor to get checked. Gordon is found to have a migraine, which serves to make Gordon only more paranoid. While discussing the day's events at a local diner Klein notices that news is showing a story on an airplane crash in Denver that killed all 99 passengers aboard. The next night Gordon frantically explains that he has met the voices in his head. The being is named Indrid Cold. Later that night Gordon calls Klein and says that he is standing with Indrid Cold. While Klein keeps Cold on the line, Connie goes out to check on Gordon. Indrid Cold answers Klein's questions that convince him Cold is a supernatural being. It is revealed when Connie gets to Gordon's house that he is in fact not on the phone with Cold and has been in bed for a few hours. This episode starts a string of supernatural calls to Klein's motel room. One of these phone calls tells Klein that there will be a great tragedy on the Ohio River. The governor is scheduled to visit the glue factory in the coming days and Klein is convinced this is when the tragedy will occur. While Klein tries to warn the townspeople, he is ignored. When the governor's visit goes smoothly, Klein is left confused. A little while later Klein receives a call from Gordon and rushes to check on him. He finds Gordon dead from exposure. The medical examiner estimates that Gordon has been dead about eight hours. The Mothman becomes a personal obsession for Klein. He meets an expert on the subject, Alexander Leek , who explains the nature of the supernatural being and details his own experience with it. While drinking at a hotel bar Klein receives a note that says his dead wife Mary will call at noon on Friday at his Washington, D.C. home. He rushes back and anxiously awaits. Just before noon Connie calls him and invites him back to Point Pleasant, saying that no one should be alone on Christmas. She also pleads with him to ignore the call that he believes is coming. Klein decides to drive back to Point Pleasant. As he leaves the phone rings and he finds himself fighting whether to answer it or not. He decides against it and rips the phone out of the wall, disconnecting it. This however does not stop the phone from ringing. As Klein reaches the bridge into town, there is a massive traffic jam. When talking with another driver stuck it is revealed that there was a problem with the traffic lights, leaving the bridge packed with cars. It is also shown that Connie is in the middle of the bridge in her car. As John walks onto the bridge to investigate further the bolts and supports of the bridge begin to strain at the weight. The bridge starts to come apart, making John realize that the tragedy that was prophesised to him was not the glue factory, but the bridge. As the bridge crumbles Connie's car is thrown into the water. John jumps in after her and pulls her from the car and up to safety. As the two sit on the back of an ambulance they see that they have just survived the collapse of the Silver Bridge. The ending credits of the film state that the cause of the collapse was never fully determined. It also tells the audience that while the Mothman has been sighted in many other places, it was never again seen in Point Pleasant.