The film opens with reporter Rowena Price  and researcher Miles Haley  going after a conservative senator who has been having secret sexual encounters with his male interns despite his publicly anti-gay agenda. The story is shut down, however, when the source clams up and Rowena's editor, a supporter of the senator, puts a stop to the story. The editor also insists she take a vacation and won't take no for an answer. While walking home, Rowena meets her childhood friend, Grace Clayton , who seeks her help in taking down Harrison Hill , a wealthy advertising executive. Grace gives Rowena her e-mails as proof of their extramarital affair, which Hill recently ended. A few days later Grace is found dead, leading Rowena to suspect Harrison. With Miles' help Rowena goes undercover as a temp at his company. She flirts with Hill both online and in real life  but when he catches her snooping, believing her to be a corporate spy, he fires her. At Miles's apartment, Rowena discovers a shrine to her and explicit pictures of Miles and Grace. Miles arrives home and Rowena confronts him, who defends himself by providing evidence that Hill had access to belladona for poisoning. She goes to the police, who arrest Harrison for the murder of Grace. After Hill's conviction, Miles visits Rowena. He then tells her that he knows she is the real killer and has been using this investigation to frame Hill. Rowena flashes back to a memory of her father attempting to molest her and her mother subsequently bludgeoning him to death with a fireplace poker. A younger Grace watches from her window as they bury his body. Grace has been blackmailing Rowena with this knowledge. Miles describes in detail how she had plotted the murder to end Grace's blackmail and pinned the murder on Hill. Miles asks how she intends to keep him quiet, implying she might sleep with him, since he has long lusted after her. However, Rowena stabs him to death and ransacks the kitchen. She then calls the police, claiming to have been attacked by Miles and that he might have been the real murderer. The film ends with a man looking out of a neighboring window, presumably having witnessed what really happened and hence echoing that the blackmail chain was going to keep continuing as before.