The story starts in a small town Sonapur, Shankar  a local Goldsmith making jewelry . Shankar is in love with his next-door neighbors daughter Suvarnalata  who loves him too. But her father Daya Shastri  oppose to their relationship. Shankar and Suvarnalata always meet after Suvarnalata computer class. When Shankar gave her father some earrings he and Suvarnalata were romancing with each other and him jealous and he and his wife Lakshmi call a pandit Aatmaram and asks for a rich boy from Dubai. The pandit is Shankar's friend and he tells Sona a.k.a. Suvarnalata is she ready to marry him. Sonu says make me a dus tola necklace so her father will give her hand to him. Shankar toils to make the perfect dus tola necklace for Sonu which she accepts. But when her father finds it, he tells her to accept the necklace as a gift from an older brother. The next day Daya shows the necklace off to local people and says he gave it to is daughter as a gift before her marriage. Shankar is shocked and faints in the middle of the town. When he wakes up around is Geeta  the village dance teacher, Bholenath, Atmaram, Sarpanch and Abdul who owns a shop under Geeta’s dance studio. During the night Shankar goes to Sonu’s house to tell her tomorrow if she loves him tell her that he made the dus tola necklace. The next day, Shankar and his friends go to the house of Daya & Lakshmi but Sonu comes and says she doesn’t know about any necklace except the one that her father gave her. Shankar is heartbroken and Sonu marries a wealthy man from Dubai named Ravi . Ravi goes to Dubai for a while and Sonu bears him a child. Meanwhile Shankar tries to move on with his life and he opens his own shop called Shankar and Sons. While at the grand opening, Geeta admires Shankar, she slowly falls for him and thinks about him the whole time. At the grand opening Qazi the richest guy in town who is Muslim and everyone wants to see his new wife gives Shankar 10000 rupee and tells him to use it when he really needs it. Two months pass and Ravi comes back to India to live with Sonu and his daughter after his Dubai visa expired, he says he spent two months in jail. Geeta comes to Shankar's shop and asks to sell her earrings as she is short of money to send home to her family. Shankar remembers that Qazi gave him money so he gives it to Geeta, she realises Shankar really has a heart of gold. Ravi needs money to buy a truck and he comes to Shankar to sell the dus tola necklace which Sonu is always wearing, the very necklace that Shankar toiled to make for her. Shankar tests the gold on the necklace and reveals that it is fake! Suvarnalata reveals to Ravi that Shankar made the fake necklace and Ravi goes in search of him. In a quiet peaceful field Shankar and his friends are in a circle talking about what has transpired with the dus tola necklace when Ravi comes with townspeople and a fight begins. Atmaram escapes and calls Qazi’s wife as he is being injured. She comes running for him and her face is revealed to everyone. Shankar’s father is brought in to see what the commotion is about, he reprimands Shankar for making a fake necklace but Shankar explains he had no choice, he had no money so he would have worked hard to give her a new real necklace after their marriage. Shankar admits his mistakes to Ravi who forgives him and returns to his wife Suvarnalata. The next time Shankar sees Geeta standing at a bus stop he pauses for her, realising that she is in fact the real gold. The two of them find a happy ending.