The story is told from the point of view of Amar. Amar is the son of Vidyadhar and Sumitra Patwardhan, a middle class couple in India. Amar lives and works in London and he sends some of his salary to them. One day, Amar returns home with Jenny Mayer, his girlfriend, and announces his intention to get married to her. Initially reluctant, his parents are pleased and happy for the two. One day, Amar goes out celebrating with his friends, whilst his parents and Jenny organise a surprise party for him. Outside a pub, Amar witnesses a murder and, while trying to apprehend the killer, he gets mortally wounded in the fight. Amar succumbs in the hospital. The assailant is identified as Harshwardhan Kadam, son of a minister Kadam. Soon, the police start covering the case up. Amar is implicated in false charges of drug peddling. Witnesses and close friends of Amar too give false statements. The torture doesn't end there, as police try to implicate Jenny as his accompolice. Vidyadhar decides that it is not good for Jenny to live there, especially since she is expecting Amar's child. Vidyadhar bails her out and implores her to return back before she is locked up for good. Harshwardhan goes scot free meanwhile and Vidyadhar decides to seek justice on his own. Ali Asgar, a mechanic and an acquaintance of Patwardhan's, decides to help them. Soon, Ali succeeds in procuring a gun for Vidyadhar. Vidyadhar decides to confront Harshwardhan in his own office. Harshwardhan cockily lets him enter in and starts taunting him. Vidyadhar accuses him and Harshwardhan arrongantly confesses his crimes, telling Vidyadhar that he cannot prove a thing. Vidyadhar points the gun at him, upon which Harshwardhan calls his guards. Vidyadhar guns down Harshwardhan and the guards enter in moments later Harshwardhan's dead body collapses down. Harshwardhan's head guard lets Vidyadhar go, claiming that he won't be able to look at his family in the eye if he arrests Vidyadhar. A case stands up against Vidyadhar, where he know reveals a pocket tape recorder on which the whole confession of Harshwardhan is recorded. Based on the proof, Amar is exonerated of all false charges levelled up against him. Also, Vidyadhar is given a lighter sentence, but now he has public sympathy. In an interview, Vidyadhar makes it clear that he doesn't intend to sue Kadam since his son has been killed and Vidyadhar knows the pain. In the end, it is shown that Vidyadhar is released and living a happy life with Sumitra, Jenny and his grandchild. Amar now explains that his father was alays a hero for him since childhood and that he is feeling a little jealous of his son, who is being treated with same affection with which Vidyadhar treated Amar in his childhood. Amar comments that everything is going to be alright.