Shankar Narayana  is a politician driven by idealistic values and a sense of social service. His followers are his brother , and supporters . The people of Shankar's constituency elect him as an M.L.A. during the political realm of the late N. T. Rama Rao. Although Shankar is an ardent follower of NTR, he does not wish to join NTR's party, and establishes his own independent political empire. Shankar's dream is to see his son as a politician revered by people. During this time, Shankar meets with a fatal accident. Years later, Shankar's son Ajay Kumar  is a daring super-cop in Mumbai. He is on a mission to apprehend mafia don Nayak , who is involved in illegal drug trade, extortion and arms trafficking. It is later revealed that Shankar actually survived the accident but ended up in a state of coma. However, this truth is hidden by Shankar's family from the people. Ajay maintains a low profile to catch Nayak. In an undercover operation in Istanbul, Ajay gets hold of Nayak's brother, Bunty . Later, it is revealed that corrupt opposition leader Mallesh Yadav , who is also tied up with Nayak, was the mastermind behind Shankar's accident, and had planned to derail Shankar's political empire. Ajay falls in love with Prashanthi , who he meets in Istanbul during his operation. Prashanthi is the daughter of Ajay's boss , a cop who reports to the police commissioner ([[Suman  in Hyderabad city. When Ajay's dad comes out of the coma, doctors advise his family that Shankar is at risk if he encounters or hears anything upsetting, disturbing or shocking. Ajay hides the events surrounding his dad's accident. Ajay shifts his family to his dad's previously abandoned mansion, which is now being used for filmmaking. Ajay creates a dummy political set-up at this mansion. In the guise of a reality television program, Ajay tricks an aspiring but unsuccessful film actor Padmasree , by making him believe that the television show is being sponsored by film star Nagarjuna Akkineni's television channel, and that Nagarjuna wants to offer Padmasree very high remuneration for his realistic performance in the show. On the other hand, an aspiring actor Bokka  is also tricked by Ajay. Ajay also tricks Mallesh Yadav with a real estate business deal, to exploit Mallesh Yadav's criminal nexus. Ajay keeps this drama under wraps from Shankar, by making Shankar believe that Ajay is now an M.L.A. revered by people fulfilling his dad's wishes. He also marries his love, Prashanthi, to make his father happy. The rest of the plot reveals the politician-criminal nexus behind Shankar's accident, the comic misadventures which lead to Shankar knowing the truth, and Ajay's retaliation over Nayak and Mallesh Yadav's political corruption.