Set in China during the warring 1920s,"Pocky" Zhang Mazi  leads a group of bandits . The gang ambush a government train carrying Ma Bangde , who is on his way to Goose Town to assume the position of governor. Ma's train is derailed, killing both his bodyguards and his counselor, Tang . Ma has no money, having spent it all to buy his position; to avoid being killed by Zhang's bandits he lies to them, claiming that he is actually Counselor Tang and that his wife  was the dead governor's wife. He tells the bandits that, if they spare him and his wife, he will help Zhang to impersonate Ma and pilfer Goose Town's finances. At Goose Town, Zhang's appointment is opposed by local mobster Master Huang , who lives in a fortified citadel. Ma tells Zhang that previous governors would split taxes levied from the town residents with Huang. However, Zhang is not interested in taking money from the poor. Wu , one of Huang's subordinates, severely injures a citizen, and as governor Zhang rules against Wu in the town court. In retaliation, Huang frames Zhang's godson, Six, for theft. Six kills himself to prove his innocence. Zhang vows to destroy Huang, but Ma advises him to use cunning rather than brute force. Huang invites Zhang to a meal at his citadel, and there Huang pretends to have his subordinates killed as a sign of good faith. Not realising the governor is actually the bandit chief, Huang raises a plan to hunt down and kill Zhang Mazi. Zhang pretends to agree to this plan, so long as Huang finances the expedition. That night, Huang disguises his subordinates as Mazi's bandits and sends them to assassinate Zhang while he is asleep. However, only Ma's wife is killed. In grief, Ma reveals his true identity as governor to Zhang. During the funeral for Ma's wife, Zhang has his bandits kidnap Huang and the heads of Goose Town's two leading families for ransom. They quickly discover they have captured Huang's look-alike. The town raises the ransom money but Zhang refuses to take it, instead returning it to the townsfolk. As they do so, Flora, a young prostitute in Huang's custody, discovers their identity. She is captured but becomes friendly with Master Two and Master Three and later stays on as a bandit, helping them to guard Huang's look-alike. Huang sends his own subordinates, also disguised as bandits, to retrieve the money handed back to the town. A woman comes to find Ma, saying that he seduced her while in Shanxi and he is the father of her son. As compensation, Ma gives them two jewels that Huang had given Zhang. Huang devises a new plan to kill Zhang Mazi  by sending out his subordinates to pose as masked bandits. This plan fails, and his men are killed in a shoot-out. Huang has no choice but to supply the money for Zhang's anti-bandit expedition. In the meantime, Huang's steward obtains a portrait of the real Governor Ma. The real Ma tells Huang that Zhang is his nephew and allowed to play governor because he saved Ma from bandits. During the expedition, Huang employs a fake Zhang Mazi to kill Zhang during the hunt, doubling his chances by sending his men with a landmine. Three days later, during the battle with Huang's fake bandits, Master Two is killed. After the fake Zhang Mazi is captured, he offers up two jewels as a way to avoid death. It transpires he killed the woman and Ma's son after Ma gave them the jewels. A distraught Ma tries to leave for Shanxi, but drives his carriage over the landmine and is killed. Zhang vows revenge and returns to Goose Town for a showdown with Huang. He scatters money to the townsfolk and Huang gathers it up the next day; then Zhang scatters firearms to the townsfolk and prevents Huang from gathering them. Zhang and his bandits put on a show of attacking the citadel, then beheads Huang's look-alike to convince the townsfolk that Huang is dead. The townsfolk are reassured and storm the citadel with their new weapons. Zhang gives Huang a chance to commit suicide, however he doesn't take it, and Wu kills him instead. Master Three intends to marry Flora and the surviving bandits leave for Shanghai to lead a more peaceful life. They take the train through the mountains, Zhang riding after them.