The film develops between the years 1942 and 2009, alternating between the past and the present. In 1942, 10-year-old Sarah Starzynski  denies to the authorities carrying out the Vel' d'Hiv Roundup that her little brother Michel is at home, and locks him in a hidden closet. She tells him to stay there and wait until she returns. She takes the key with her when she and her parents are transported to the Vélodrome d'Hiver by the Paris Police and French Secret Service where they are held in inhuman conditions.{{cite web}} One lady in a window, as all the Jewish families get off the transport bus, lauds the action of the French police saying, "They had it coming to them", while another French man in a window shouts in reply, "Don't talk nonsense, after them it will be our turn." The deportees are transferred to the Beaune-la-Rolande, the transit deportation detention camp, in squalid conditions and burning heat, in cramped quarters without adequate water or toilet facilities. First the men then the women are deported to Auschwitz, and the children have to stay after being forcefully and cruelly separated from their mothers by the Paris police. Sarah tries to escape with a friend, Rachel, after noticing a small hole in the ground underneath a fence. A sympathetic Paris police guard, Jacques, whom Sarah wins over by calling by name, and convincingly begs to let them go so she can save her brother, hesitates but finally agrees, and lifts the barbed wire over the hole to let them out as he smiles sympathetically. After searching for a safe place, exhausted, Sarah and Rachel, fall asleep in a dog house at a village home where they had originally been rebuffed. In the morning, they are discovered by its owner. Realizing who they are, he and his wife decide to help them. Rachel is dying, and when they call attention to the sick girl by calling in a doctor, a skeptical German officer asks them if they know anything about a second child and warns them of the dire consequences of hiding Jews — and begins a search for the second child, only to be interrupted when the French physician carries out the body of the Rachel who has just died. Rachel's body is taken away, while Jules and Genevieve, the elderly couple, hide Sarah in the attic. Days later they take her back to her family's apartment building in Paris. Sneaking past the concierge, Sarah runs up to her apartment, knocking on the door furiously. A boy, twelve years old, answers. She rushes in to her old room, past the boy, and unlocks the cupboard. Horrified by what she finds, she starts screaming hysterically. After the war, Sarah continues to live with the old couple on the farm, together with their two grandsons, who treat her like their own granddaughter/sister, until she is 18. In letters, the couple describes Sarah's sadness and melancholy. When she turns 18, though, she moves to the United States, hoping to put everything that happened behind her, using the name Dufaure, the surname of the elderly couple. She gets married and has a son, William, although she stops corresponding with Jules and Genevieve soon after being married. When her son is 9, Sarah — no longer able to handle what happened to Michel, for whose death she blames herself — commits suicide by driving into the path of a truck, although her son had always been under the impression that her death was an accident. In the present, the French husband of journalist Julia  inherits the apartment of his grandparents . Having previously done an article on the Vel' d'Hiv Roundup, Julia finds her interest piqued when she learns that the apartment came into her husband's family at about the time of the Roundup, and she begins to investigate what happened 65 years earlier. Her father-in-law, knowing the back story and wanting to protect his elderly mother  from knowing the truth, resents Julia's unwelcome prying, but realizes he will have to bring her in on the story to keep control of it, and tells her what he knows. Having got much of the story, she goes on an obsessive quest to find any trace of Sarah, eventually learning  of her death and finally locating William . She meets with him and asks him for information about his mother, but learns to her surprise that William does not know his mother's history or even that she was a Jew, believing only that she had been a French farm girl. Listening in amazement to what Julia has uncovered, he refuses to believe it, flatly rejecting the story and brusquely dismissing Julia. Later, everything is confirmed by his dying father, who finally tells him the whole secret story of Sarah's background, including what led to his mother's suicide. Meanwhile Julia has unexpectedly and joyously discovered that she's pregnant, having given up hope of a second child after years of fertility treatments and unsuccessful attempts to conceive, but her husband flatly disagrees that they should have another child at this point in life. He makes it clear that he wants her to have an abortion, saying he is too old even though he cherishes their teenaged daughter, Zoe. She hesitates about getting an abortion, and ultimately keeps the child. Later, having divorced her husband and moved to New York City, she gives birth to a daughter. It ends with a scene in the present day in which William, having accepted the truth and contacted Julia, meets her for lunch and gives her additional information about his mother. In the end scene, Julia has brought her toddler daughter along to the meeting, Julia uses the name "Lucy" in talking to her daughter. Later, when William asks her a question about her daughter "Lucy", Julia laughs and tells him that "No, no, Lucy is her toy giraffe." "So what did you name your daughter?" Julia looks at him tenderly: "Her name is Sarah."