Operating a pawn shop in a small neighborhood, ex-Black ops officer Cha Tae-sik now leads a quiet life. His only connection to the rest of the world is a little girl, So-mi, who lives next door. So-mi’s mother, Hyo-jeong, is a heroin addict who steals drugs from an organized crime group. She pawns her camera bag to Tae-sik; he does not realize it has the stolen drugs inside. When Oh's men find out where the drugs are, by torturing Hyo-jeong, they proceed to kidnap her and her daughter. A mule and organ dealer is sent to Tae-sik's pawn shop to retrieve the stolen drugs, but they are easily overpowered by Tae-sik. However, upon learning that the gang now has in their possession both Hyo-jeong and So-mi, Tae-sik gives the beaten gang members the camera bag and its contents. Realizing that Tae-sik may serve better as a mule than their former thug, the gang brothers that blackmailed Tae-sik – Man-seok and Jong-seok – promise to release Hyo-jeong and So-mi under the condition that Tae-sik make a delivery for them. Tae-sik makes the decision to face the outside world in order to rescue So-mi. However, the delivery was part of a larger plot to eliminate a rival. Police arrest Tae-sik and discover Hyo-jeong's body, with her organs harvested, in the back of the car he used to make the delivery, and Tae-sik realizes that So-mi is also in danger. Tae-sik escapes from the police station to search for So-mi. During his escape, the police are bewildered at Tae-sik's display of power, combat techniques, and agility. They further investigate his bio and find out that he was once a black operations agent for the Korean government with numerous commendations, but left the Service after his pregnant wife was murdered by an assassin. The assassin shot Tae-sik twice, but was killed by another agency's officers before he could kill Tae-sik. A determined narcotics cop contacts a weakened Tae-sik after his encounter with the gang's highly refined Thai street thug, Ramrowan, who works for the brothers. Now with the knowledge that So-mi is being used as an "ant" – a child used by Chinese gangs to smuggle drugs and money – and that she will be killed to harvest her organs, Tae-sik sets out to locate and save So-mi. Tae-sik finds and frees several child slaves in a drug manufacturing plant, in the process and killing off the younger of the brothers in charge of the gang, Jong-seok. He tracks the elder brother, Man-seok, to the gang's condo. Man-seok shows him a vessel containing what he says are So-mi's eyes, explaining that he has had her killed to avenge his brother's death. In a rage, Tae-sik kills the gang members, including Ramrowan and Man-seok. Tae-sik is preparing to commit suicide out of his grief when a scared and dirty So-mi emerges from the darkness. She had been saved by Ramrowan; he had taken pity on her because she had been kind to him. It is then revealed that the eyes in the container belonged to the gangster's harvesting surgeon, who had been killed off-camera by Ramrowan. A police escort takes Tae-sik and So-mi together in the back of the detective’s car, to take Tae-sik into custody. While she sleeps, Tae-sik asks if they can be dropped off at a small convenience store. Tae-sik buys a backpack along with other school supplies. He tells her that she's going to be on her own now, as the police have to take him away. Before he goes, he asks her for a hug, and breaks down in tears as they embrace.