At the beginning of the film, Kabir  proposes to Natasha . Their families meet at the engagement party. At the party, Natasha learns that Kabir is planning a three-week bachelor road trip to Spain with his school friends Imraan  and Arjun . Kabir explains that the three have a long-standing pact, and that during the road trip, each of them will have to pick an adventure sport, which all three will try together. Initially, Arjun is reluctant to take part in the trip due to his workaholism and obsession with money. It is later revealed that Arjun's ex-girlfriend left him due to this reason. Imraan has an additional personal agenda on the trip—to find his biological father Salman Habib , an artist in Spain. The trio set off to Spain, where they plan to visit Costa Brava, Seville, and Pamplona. On the way to Costa Brava, Imraan and Kabir find it annoying that Arjun works even during the trip and run into a misunderstanding, which ends up in a violent argument. After getting consoled and reaching their destination, they meet an Indian American named Laila  in a beach. Imraan flirts with her and makes Arjun jealous. Kabir reveals that he has chosen deep sea diving as their first sport, and they later find that Laila is their diving instructor. Arjun, who cannot swim and is aquaphobic, receives assistance from Laila. She helps him overcome his fears and finish the sport successfully. Upon a request by Laila, they attend the La Tomatina festival held in Buñol with her and meet Nuria . Meanwhile, Natasha becomes suspicious of Kabir's involvement with Laila and crashes his bachelor party trip. Imraan spends time with Nuria, and Arjun with Laila. After the boys leave, Laila realizes she has fallen in love with Arjun and chases them on a bike, not wanting to regret their partition if they don't meet in future. She and Arjun express their feelings for each other with a passionate kiss. Arjun, Imraan and Kabir visit Seville for sky diving, as per Arjun's choice. During the task, Imraan is forced to confront his acrophobia and hesitates to take part. However, they complete it without any obstacles. After skydiving, the three men go to a bar and get into a fight with a stranger on whom they had tried to pull a prank. They are jailed after the fight. Salman, Imraan's father, bails them out and takes them to his home. While speaking to Imraan, Salman reveals that he never wanted the responsibility of a married life with kids, while Imraan's mother did, which is why he never contacted Imraan. Kabir admits to Arjun and Imraan that he is not ready for marriage, but is reluctant to call off the wedding for fear of breaking Natasha's heart. The trio leave for the bull run in Pamplona. Imraan suggests they make a pact to make a promise if they survive the event. Imraan vows to publish his poetry, Arjun vows to go to Morocco with Laila, and Kabir promises to tell Natasha that he is not ready to marry her. As they complete the event, the friends gain a renewed sense of their relationships with each other, with others they know, and with themselves. As the credits roll, Imraan, Kabir, Nuria and Natasha are shown attending the wedding of Arjun and Laila in Morocco. Kabir and Natasha did not marry, but remain friends.