The Phantom of the Opera  is a disfigured musical genius named Erik who lives below Opéra Garnier in Paris. He has a large part in managing each performance through his friend Gerard Carriere . The Phantom's life changes when Gerard is dismissed and the opera hires a new manager, Choleti. Choleti's wife Carlotta is a spoiled woman with a bad personality and terrible voice to match; it is obvious that Choleti bought his way into the managership to further his wife's career. The Phantom instantly dislikes them both. Choleti and Carlotta refuse to listen to warnings about the ghost who haunts the opera house, even when Joseph Buquet, Carlotta's wardrobe man, goes down below and does not return . Gerard had made up the legend of the Opera Ghost to protect Erik. Christine Daae  comes to the Paris Opera House in search of voice lessons that Phillipe, the Comte de Chagny promised her, learning that she is not the first pretty face that Phillipe made that promise to. Carlotta initially dismisses her, but upon learning that Christine "has a patron who is powerful" states that Christine can work in the costume department. Christine has no home, but Jean-Claude, the doorman, lets her stay in a storage room in the Opera House. That night, Christine wanders onto the stage and sings to the empty theater. The Phantom falls in love with her voice. Hiding in the orchestra pit, he tells her that her voice is miraculous but untrained, and with a proper voice tutor her voice could reach its full potential. He offers to be her teacher, but must remain anonymous; that is why he wears a mask. Erik tutors Christine and falls deeper in love with her. The Comte de Chagny finds out that Christine has been working in the costume department. He apologizes and invites her to the Bistro. With Erik's encouragement, Christine attends the Bistro and sings. Everyone is awestruck by her voice. After the Bistro, Phillipe and Christine start to bond. The Count realizes Christine was his childhood sweetheart from long ago. They already have the budding love from their earlier time together, and this only strengthens it. Because the Phantom has been sabotaging Carlotta's performances, she says she will not sing until he is killed. Finding out that Christine has been living in the Opera, Carlotta confronts her and tricks Christine into telling her about her Maestro, especially that he "wears a mask". When Carlotta tells her husband that Christine's teacher is the Phantom, Choleti gives Christine the female lead of the opera Faust; he is working with the police to capture the Phantom. Before the show, Carlotta tricks Christine into drinking a beverage that temporarily weakens her voice. The audience starts booing, and Erik is enraged. He cuts through the ropes holding the chandelier, causing it to fall upon the audience. He abducts Christine and leads her underground, singing her to sleep with a soft melody that Christine sang earlier. Returning to the opera house, the Phantom discovers Carlotta was behind Christine's voice problems. In revenge he empties a box full of rats over her, causing her to go insane. As Christine sleeps, Erik builds traps for anyone who comes down below. Gerard comes down and pleads with him to let Christine go, but Erik refuses. Gerard goes to Christine and tells her the story of Erik's past and of Erik's mother, a singer named Belladora. He admits to Christine that he is her Maestro's father. She refuses to leave without talking to Erik first. Gerard leaves after telling Christine that she is making a mistake. Erik takes Christine on a picnic underground. She asks Erik to take off his mask. After he shows her his face, she faints. Believing Christine does not love him anymore, Erik goes into a fit of rage, destroying everything in sight. When Christine tries to escape, Erik locks her in a cage. After Christine escapes, Phillipe and Gerard take her far from the Opera House. After having a dream that Erik is dying, she begs Phillipe to take her back. The Comte agrees and he and Christine approach the manager about singing that night. Choleti secretly arranges to have police planted throughout the opera house. Gerard has gone below and found Erik among the remains of his lair. It is apparent that he is ill. Gerard talks to Erik about Christine, and lets him know that she did not mean to hurt him. The conversation turns to Erik's mother and, eventually, his face. He moves to take the mask off and show Gerard when the older man reveals that he has already seen Erik's face. He tells Erik that he knew his mother and loved her, and ultimately reveals that he is Erik's father. Erik responds with, "I wondered when you'd say". Erik tells Gerard that he is dying and wants to be buried deep so he cannot be put on display. Gerard promises before leaving Erik, though he is loath to do so. Christine sings at that night's performance of Faust Erik hears her, and forces himself up to box 5 to hear her. He begins singing Faust's part and the audience's attention turns toward him in shock. Christine and the Phantom sing to each other with such passion that the audience is awed. The police shoot at Erik and he jumps on stage, kidnapping Christine. He carries her to the roof, fighting off police. The Comte pursues them, but in the ensuing struggle is knocked off the roof and dangles above the street. Erik begins breaking the Comte's grip, but at Christine's pleading pulls him to safety. Erik finds that he is cornered, with police determined to take him alive. Gerard has gone to his old offices and retrieved a gun. Upholding his promise, Gerard shoots his son. Erik falls from the roof and Christine runs to him. While cradled in his father's lap, Christine takes off Erik's mask, kissing him on the forehead. Erik dies with his father and Christine at his side. Christine replaces Erik's mask and is led away by the Comte.