Sloane Spencer is a publicist in Los Angeles, California planning the Snow Angel movie premiere on Christmas day for her client Caitlin Quinn. Unfortunately for Sloane, Caitlin continually seems to find herself involved in press scandals. Sloane is under pressure to make this event perfect so that she is chosen for a promotion to Vice President instead of her ex-boyfriend and co-worker Jason. To help her in her climb to the top, Sloane is dating her boss Andrew, who is also the son of the head of the company. Sloane is so focused on herself and her goals that she often doesn’t consider the feelings of those around her, preferring to think only of herself. She makes plans to work all of Christmas Day rather than spend time with her mother or go to the dinner hosted by her friend from college, Jenny, and Jenny’s husband, Ed. Jenny and Ed opened a restaurant, but are now in financial trouble. After visiting them at their restaurant, Sloane promises to help them out by giving out gift certificates to their restaurant in her company gift baskets. Out a club that night Caitlin chokes to death on the olive from a martini. Her ghost comes back to haunt Sloane, telling her that her time is running out and she needs to change her ways or pay the price. Caitlin tells Sloane that for the next 3 nights she will be visited by 3 different ghosts at the stroke of midnight and they will give her a chance at redemption. Sloane is shocked and confused when Andrew calls her to tell her that Caitlin has died, not believing that she just talked to a ghost. So, she decides to see the body for herself. At the hospital, Sloane runs into Patrick, her ex-boyfriend from college, who is a doctor at the hospital. Upon seeing Caitlin’s body, Sloane is clearly more upset about the implications for the movie premiere than the loss of a young girl. Sloane becomes even more flustered after being visited by Caitlin’s ghost again, and seeks consolation from Patrick. The spark between them is still there, and Patrick confronts Sloane about breaking up with him rather than going with him to medical school in Iowa. The next day, Caitlin’s ghost continues to follow around Sloane, interfering in her every day activities. Andrew puts Sloane in charge of Caitlin’s memorial, and Sloane decides to combine it with the movie premiere. Consequently, everyone at the office has to work overtime, even on Christmas Day. Patrick calls Sloane and asks her out on a date, but she is torn and puts off having to give him an answer. At midnight that night, Sloane is transported back in time and is visited by the spirit of “ex-mas past”, her first boyfriend from high school, Brad. Together Brad and Caitlin show her Christmas when she was younger and how her mom shaped Sloane’s materialistic view on relationships. Brad shows Sloane how throughout her whole life, she has left guys hanging. In particular, Brad shows her when she broke up with Patrick by moving out while he was gone at class, leaving only a note. Sloane then sees that Patrick was planning on proposing to her. They then try to make Sloane see how after Patrick she went through a series of guys, always trying to trade up. Finally, Brad breaks the news to Sloane that Andrew is cheating on her with an unnamed blonde. The next day at work Sloane confronts Andrew about his cheating. Andrew admits to it, but claims that it was only a one-time thing. He wants to continue dating, but Sloane breaks up with him. Afterwards, Sloane is only worried about how it will affect their career, making her competition with Jason for the promotion heat up even more. Sloane decides to use her dinner reservations that she had with Andrew to have dinner with Patrick instead. On the date, as she and Patrick are about to kiss, Andrew comes and proposes to Sloane. Sloane says yes, completely forgetting about Patrick. At midnight that night, Caitlin and the spirit of “ex-mas present”, Jason, show Sloane how her thoughtless actions affect those around her. Sloane observes her secretary Ella telling her son that she won’t be home on Christmas Day, Jenny and Ed talking about how Sloane takes her for granted, and her mom finding out that her husband won’t be home for Christmas and will be spending it completely alone. Last, Sloane discovers that Andrew was actually on the phone while talking to her about their engagement and sees how upset Patrick was. Caitlin’s ghost and Jason’s spirit want to show Sloane that if she continues on acting like she currently is, she is going to end up alone. The next day Sloane attempts to fix the relationships in her life. She admits to Jenny that she forget to put the gift certificates in the gift baskets, making Jenny very upset. Sloane then goes to visit Patrick at the hospital. Patrick is upset and tells Sloane that he doesn’t like who she is becoming, saying that he “could never fall in love with her now”. As she’s leaving the hospital, Sloane is visited by the spirit of “ex-mas future”, who is dressed like Santa Claus. First, he shows Sloane her mother spending Christmas alone, with the 3 dogs and the maid tried to get her to come join her family. She thinks her mother has gone crazy when she named one of the dogs after her. She often refers the other two dogs as her brothers, but she's always seen her as a human being. The spirit disagrees and tells her that she was lonely because Sloane didn't even bother to come visit her when she needed her. After her mother suffers from another failed marriage with her fifth husband leaving her, she falls apart and has to depend on the dogs for support. The Santa spirit then brings Sloane to the future home of Jenny and Ed where they receive a Christmas card from her. She discovers that Jenny’s restaurant failed because of her forgetfulness to put in the gift cards in the basket and it forced her to be a waitress at Applebee's. Sloane tries to tell him that wasn't her fault, but the spirit doesn't believe her. He tells her that she has to accept responsibility for her actions because Jenny depended on her to help save her restaurant and it lead to them not being friends anymore. Outside the hospital, Sloane thinks he brought her there to show her how much Patrick hates her. The spirit tells her that she never sees him again after she embarrasses herself by ignoring Patrick and accepting Andrew's proposal. He also tells Sloane that she doesn't care about love anymore. She tells off the Santa spirit that she's engaged to Andrew and that she cares about love. He would never become her ex because she loves him. He laughs at her naivety and reveals himself as Andrew, her future ex-husband. After recovering from her shock, Sloane confronts him and states they were supposed to be married. Andrew informs her that they do get married, but also they will get a divorce because of their different lifestyles. She wanted power and wealth, while he wanted to make his marriage work. Andrew mentions that even though Sloane will become extremely wealthy from the divorce by taking half of his company and clients from him, she would still lose everything. He shows her the consequences of her actions that brought her when she continued to behave the way she did by pushing everyone else who depended on her out of her life, she'll end up dying in the hospital alone like Jason and Caitlin's spirit predicted. Realizing her mistake, Sloane begs Andrew to help her fix this because this isn't the future she wanted, but he refuses and leaves her. Sloane wakes up on Christmas Day determined to fix her life. First she goes to her mother's house to reconcile with her and drops her off at Jenny’s for Christmas dinner. Sloane proceeds to go to the movie premiere/memorial, where she gives her secretary permission to go home for the day and puts all of the gift certificates in the gift baskets. In the end, the event is a success and Sloane gets the promotion to Vice President. Right after Andrew tells her the good news, she breaks up with him when she realises that he wasn't the man she was looking for and gives back his ring. At this point, Caitlin has achieved her mission so she gets her wings and goes up to Heaven. As Sloane is leaving the party, she and Jason end their competition on friendly terms. Sloane goes to the hospital and apologizes to Patrick. She confesses her love for him and tries to convince him that she is still the same person that she was in college. In the end, he forgives her and they share a romantic kiss. Together they go to Jenny’s house for the Christmas dinner. The movie ends with Sloane making a Merry Christmas toast, surrounded by the people she loves and who love her.