A volcano beneath New York City  seems unlikely... yet nothing else can explain the bizarre tremors and terrifying explosions wreaking havoc on the city. Tunnel digger Matt MacLachlan  head of the team of "Sandhogs"  has witnessed lava seeping into the city's aqueduct system and knows the unimaginable truth. A group of tramps trying to keep warm in Central Park near a heat vent all die from carbon dioxide and sulphur dioxide poisoning. A boat in the harbour is caught in a venting and explodes. The FBI Terror Task Force appears looking for the imagined terrorists who killed the tramps and blew up the boat. Matt is taken off of the digging as some of his men were badly injured or killed and there is a need to investigate. Pipes which were supposed to carry water are filled with steaming acid thanks to the volcano. He meets Susan who he was married to for three years previously and who has been sent to interview him on what happened and convinces her that there is something seriously wrong in tunnel number three. Together they sneak down into the tunnels which have been sealed off and she sees enough to believe him. Doctor Andrew Levering  has been conducting a geo-thermal energy experiment which has triggered the volcanic activity as his project drills below seven miles into the earth in a secret location hidden in a warehouse in downtown New York. Neil Kavanagh and others are financing this project but since there has been no results they are ready to stop the funding forcing Levering to take more chances to produce instant results. Matt and Susan go to the Mayor but her boss Reed lets her down and Kavanagh who is there also manages to make the idea of a volcano look impossible so the Mayor dismisses them. Shortly afterwards a Home Owner opens the door to his house to be buried by a stream of molten lava. The whole block of houses go up in flames with 72 people missing, presumed dead and the Mayor begins to wonder while Agent Walters of the FBI's TTF is given leave to do whatever he has to do. Using a hand-held thermal detector, Matt and Susan drive around the suspected area and find unnatural heat coming from a warehouse. They enter but Matt is recognised by Levering who has them bound as prisoners. In an effort to produce results, Levering goes too far and the workers start to desert as flames leap from the drill hole. He tries to seal it but is badly burned by the flames. Meanwhile, Matt and Susan manage to escape as the unleashed lava causes the warehouse to blow up. Levering's latest efforts are seen on the streets of New York as lava spouts out of manholes and buildings catch alight, killing thousands and causing untold damage. The Mayor sees what is happening from his office and Kavanagh reluctantly admits his part. He decides on an evacuation of the city. But all is not lost as Matt has an idea which he puts to his work crew. An explosion in the right place will divert the lava along the city's aqueduct tunnels and into the nearby sea. The race is then on to do it in time, but Levering - who survived his burns and is now stalking the streets of the city with a gun - learns of their plans via a television broadcast that also announced over one thousand counts of murder to be handed down against him. The deranged doctor follows the team into the tunnels and faces Matt and Susan as they attempt to set the charges necessary to open the tunnels. Delusively believing that his project is still viable, Levering shoots Matt, but one of his shots goes astray and destabilizes the wall, releasing steam that blinds him. Matt and Susan escape the tunnels just in time to avoid the lava flow, while Levering is killed in the eruption. Their plan works and the city is saved. The film was filmed on location in Times Square, Midtown Manhattan, Manhattan, New York City, New York.