Charles Schine , is a Chicago advertising executive, whose tale is being written down by an unidentified man in a prison cell. A flashback of several months shows Charles with his wife and teenage daughter. Charles's marriage is deteriorating, and his daughter suffers from diabetes, requiring expensive medication. On a commuter train, Charles encounters an alluring woman named Lucinda Harris . She is a married financial adviser. A mutual attraction develops, and the two begin meeting frequently. Ultimately, they decide to consummate their affair and wind up in a seedy hotel. An armed man&mdash; later identified as Philippe LaRoche &mdash; bursts into the hotel room, beats Charles, and brutally rapes Lucinda. Charles and Lucinda agree not to report the crime, as they do not want their spouses to learn of the affair. Shortly after, Charles is blackmailed by LaRoche, who threatens to kill his family if he doesn't pay $20,000, which Charles promptly pays. A month later, the attacker calls again, this time demanding $100,000. Charles tells Winston Boyko , an ex-con, about LaRoche and asks for advice. Winston offers to scare LaRoche away in return for 10%  of LaRoche's demand. Charles embezzles the $10,000 from his employer. However, LaRoche shoots Winston dead. Charles is questioned by detective Franklin Church  about Winston's murder. Later, he receives a call from LaRoche: He has Lucinda at gunpoint, and will kill her if Charles doesn't bring the $100,000 immediately. Charles takes the money from an account meant specifically for his daughter's medical treatment; the payoff complete, he and Lucinda say a tortured goodbye. When he stops by Lucinda's office and asks for her, he is shown a woman who is the actual Lucinda Harris. The woman he met on the train is really Jane, a temporary employee, who was impersonating Lucinda. Charles realizes Jane was in on the scam. He tracks her down and sees her kissing LaRoche. Determined to retrieve his stolen $100,000, he follows Jane's moves and sees that she has suckered another unsuspecting businessman. He returns to the hotel where Jane, LaRoche, and their partner Dexter  are setting up their new mark. Jane and the businessman go inside the room; Charles waits for LaRoche to approach, and knocks him unconscious before he enters. He breaks in and demands the return of his money. A gunfight ensues and everyone gets shot but Charles. After the melee, Charles watches the false Lucinda die and leaves with his briefcase, which still contains his money. Charles is arrested for embezzling the $10,000 that he paid Winston and is sentenced to six months of community service teaching. During one of his classes, he comes across the story about him that was being written at the beginning of the film. The unknown writer instructs him to go to the laundry room—there, he finds LaRoche, who survived the gunfight. LaRoche threatens to continue interfering with his life but Charles stabs him to death. As he leaves, he encounters Detective Church. Though suspicious of Charles, he lets him return home to his wife and daughter.