The Wiggles introduce themselves and Paul the Cook. Paul has some hot potatoes, cold spaghetti, and mashed bananas. * Song 1&nbsp;– Hot Potato * Song 2&nbsp;– D.O.R.O.T.H.Y.  Anthony introduces the song about an old steam train called a pufferbelly, and asks everyone to follow along. * Song 3&nbsp;– Pufferbellies Captain Feathersword dances to the dance that Henry showed him and the Wiggles were woundering what he was doing. When Captain Feathersword explained about the dance they all tried it together and they think it's not much luck, so he tells the Wiggles to go and see Henry to do the dance. * Song 4&nbsp;– Henry's Dance Greg comments on how there are many places you can walk or run to. Dorothy is walking and eating some roses. Captain Feathersword is running to his pirate ship. Henry is walking to the ocean to have a swim. Wags is running to dig up some bones. Jeff is sleepwalking. Jeff leaves off scene and Greg runs after him to wake him up. * Song 5&nbsp;– Walk Anthony is with four kids playing with coloured dough and he says that there is a lot of things you can do with dough. And really good thing that you can do with it is to flat it on the table and start hammering it. * Song 6&nbsp;– Joannie Works With One Hammer On the number 5, everyone's nodding their heads! Then everyone "goes to sleep" and wakes up from that, except for Jeff. Anthony asks the kids to help wake Jeff up. 1, 2, 3, Wake Up Jeff! Jeff gets up and bounces around making monkey sounds. Anthony asks what he is doing. Jeff says he's doing a monkey dance. * Song 7&nbsp;– The Monkey Dance The Wiggles and Captain Feathersword are making crunchy munchy honey cakes with Paul the Cook, and spell out the different ingredients. Get an apron and a parent to help you when you make these. * Song 8&nbsp;– Crunchy Munchy Honey Cakes Greg and the Wiggles are going to do a song, but first they need to get into their shaking clothes. They go behind a partition and come out dressed like Elvis. Each one sounds off that they have their shaking clothes. * Song 9&nbsp;– Shaky Shaky * Song 10&nbsp;– Teddy Bear Hug&nbsp;– The Wiggles sit down on bean bag cushions and sing while playing their instruments. Greg is on electric guitar, Anthony is on acoustic guitar, Jeff is on accordion and Murray is on bass. The kids are sitting on cushions and hold teddy bears. Captain and the mascots are standing in the back; also holding teddy bears. There are many says to say hello. Each of the Wiggles says hello in a different language. In Hebrew, they say "Havenu Shalom Alechem." * Song 11&nbsp;– Havenu Shalom Alechem * Song 12&nbsp;– I Am A Dancer&nbsp;– Greg lead sings this one, while the other wiggles do ballet moves running across in the background. * Song 13&nbsp;– Greg Magic Trick&nbsp;– Greg performs a hanky trick  Murray is playing a number game with two kids. * Song 14&nbsp;– Numbers Rhumba&nbsp;– Greg, Murray and Jeff each hold a paper with a printed number on it. Anthony wears a sombrero and plays his trumpet. The updated version also features three child dancers: Cassandra, Jessica and Sian. The Wiggles and Paul the Cook are making fruit salad. Everyone's dressed in chef uniforms as well. Greg says to get a grownup to help. He asks how everyone's doing. Anthony and Murray have been peeling apples and tossing grapes. Then it's Jeff's turn. Jeff announces he's just peeled a banana as he flops open a banana. Everyone says "Beauty, mate!" * Song 15&nbsp;– Fruit Salad Closing with "Henry's Dance".