The documentary follows the heavy metal scene in Los Angeles, with particular emphasis on the glam metal sub-genre. Spheeris explores the more famous musicians, including Alice Cooper, Aerosmith, Ozzy Osbourne, Dave Mustaine and Paul Stanley. She then explores unknown bands, such as London, Odin and Seduce. The film also features interviews with members of Poison, Tuff, Vixen, Faster Pussycat, W.A.S.P., and more. Serious issues such as drug usage, alcohol abuse, and censorship are tackled, as well as vanity issues like celebrity and sales. The film is well known for its many scenes featuring rock star excess. The scenes include: *Chris Holmes of W.A.S.P. is interviewed in a swimming pool beside his mother while extremely intoxicated. He stumbles through the interview, and pours a bottle of vodka both in his mouth and on his head. It was later claimed the bottle of vodka that Holmes poured onto himself was actually water. *The unsigned band Odin explains how they want to be more famous than The Doors and expects to become millionaires (Odin's guitarist, [[Jeff Duncan . *An interview with club owner Bill Gazzarri, who at the time organised a 'sexy rock and roll' dance contest, which was presented as being sleazy and sexist. *Discussions with various musicians about the way women in general, and groupies in particular, are treated badly in the metal scene. *Riki Rachtman and Taime Downe, then owners of the Cathouse club in L.A., discuss how girls get entry to the club faster if they dress 'sleazy'. *Paul Stanley of Kiss is interviewed in a bed while surrounded from head to toe with girls. *Steven Tyler of Aerosmith talks about spending millions of dollars on drugs. *As Ozzy Osbourne cooks eggs in a kitchen he spills orange juice all over the table, apparently due to uncontrollable shakes. This was later claimed to have been faked. Spheeris also interviews him about sobriety, to which Ozzy replies, "It fucking sucks." *An interview with Lemmy from Motörhead. In his autobiography, he claims that Spheeris interviewed him from a distance, possibly in an attempt to make him look stupid.<ref name Kilmister | first  2002 | title  0-671-03331-X | publisher  London u.a. | page = 210 }} * Candid and sobering interviews from various artists about drug use, abuse and dying  from overdoses. *Lastly, Spheeris takes her cameras to Sunset Strip to film the nightlife in 1980s Los Angeles.