One night at the boys' hostel at Jaigarh University, a senior student Feroz  and his goons harass freshman geek Vishnu Pandey , stripping him down, molesting him and forcing him to act like a dog. His cries for help fall on deaf ears. Karan , an engineering freshman arrives at the hostel. He meets Vishnu, Nilesh  and Bobby  and befriends them. That evening, Akshay, a gang leader, takes Karan to Feroz. Feroz asks Karan to drink a glass of his urine and throws it at Karan's face when he refuses. Feroz and his goons later ask Karan to do a striptease. When he refuses, they drag him out to the field and strip him naked in front of everyone. At the library, Karan breaks down crying as he recalls his humiliation. Science student Payal  asks if he's okay and they become friends. Feroz's sadistic activities escalate and he starts selling drugs to students. Meanwhile, Karan and Payal fall in love. After a year, a new freshman, Pawan  arrives. In his new room, he finds the goons, along with Vishnu, Nilesh and Bobby, who are now part of Feroz's gang. One night, Feroz brings a prostitute to the hostel and asks Pawan to have unprotected sex with her to be witnessed by the entire gang and the warden. Karan interferes, saving Pawan. He helps Pawan study for an exam while Feroz and his gang watch porn. When Karan leaves, Feroz and the gang, intoxicated and aroused, enters Pawan's room and rape him. A pantless Pawan hangs himself from the ceiling fan with blood dripping down his legs, suggesting he was sodomized. The reluctant dean, under pressure from the trustees, blames the suicide on Pawan's psychological problems. Feroz warns Karan not to go to the press or he will rape Payal like he raped Pawan, after which Karan breaks up with Payal. That night, Karan goes to Feroz's room and shoots Vishnu, Bobby, Nilesh and the warden three times each. He ensues in a fight with Feroz and his goons. Once he is holding the upper hand, he shoots Feroz 9 times, thus ending their reign of terror over the hostel forever.