Youngster Frankie  and his small gang commit petty crimes, such as stealing a bicycle and taking money from Willy. Willy's father complains to Frankie's mother  and stepfather . One day, Frankie and his friend "Limey"  hide from the police in the lobby of a concert hall. When a couple has an argument, the man disgustedly throws away his tickets. Unable to scalp them, the boys attend the concert. Frankie is entranced by the virtuoso performance of Jascha Heifetz. Later, he finds his musician father's violin in the basement of his home. His stepfather believes he stole it, smashes the instrument, and decides to pack him off to reform school. Frankie runs away. He stumbles upon a music school for the poor, founded by Professor Lawson . Lawson discovers that Frankie has perfect pitch and enrolls the boy. That night, Frankie sneaks into the basement to sleep, but Lawson finds him. After hearing his story, he lets Frankie stay. Unbeknownst to Lawson, the school  is in financial trouble. The school's sponsor has died, and bills have gone unpaid for months. All of the musical instruments are rented from Mr. Flower . Flower assigns Peter McCarthy  to collect payment, but Peter's girlfriend is Lawson's daughter, Ann , so he does nothing. When Flower finds out, he fires Peter and confronts Ann. Frankie overhears Peter and Ann discussing the situation, and organizes a street band with some of the other students to raise money. When Jascha Heifetz happens along, Frankie tells him about the school. Heifetz offers to send a film of himself playing. When Flower and the other creditors show up, they get the mistaken impression that Heifetz is the school's new sponsor. Peter plays along to buy time, and even claims that the violinist will perform at the school's upcoming concert. Suspicious, Flower goes to see Heifetz and discovers the truth. Limey and the rest of Frankie's old gang try to persuade Heifetz to come, but they are turned away without seeing him. Limey steals Heifetz's Stradivarius violin as a present for Frankie, unaware of its great value. When Frankie tries to return it, he is arrested. Fortunately, when Heifetz shows up to collect his instrument, Frankie is able to persuade him to perform at the concert. He also agrees to sponsor the school.