{{plot}} The film begins two years after the events of the first film, with Detective Peters  at the Doctor 's office, who reveals to Peters that he has Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease , and there is no treatment; it's fatal. Two months later, it is revealed that after being sent to jail two years ago, Doug Richardson a.k.a. "Shivers The Clown"  was sent to a mental asylum, and Lynn Blodgett  has quit her painting career and gone on to write a book called Coulrophobia, which talks about her "fear of clowns" and the story about the stalking killer clown two years ago; also she and Tucker Reid have broken up and haven't seen each other for a while. But things go terribly wrong: An orderly named Ralph  helps Shivers and two other inmates escape the asylum. Shivers takes Ralph and the inmates back to his old house, which is now occupied by a junkie , who is later strangled to death by Shivers. The next day, after hearing Shiver's escape, Lynn calls Detective Peters and tells him that she will be home soon. Meanwhile, the Junkie's group of friends  arrive at the house, only to be killed by the inmates, Giggles The Clown  and Ogre The Clown . Meanwhile, Lynn arrives back home and meets Detective Peters at a restaurant, where he reveals that he's going to kill Doug Richardson. As Detective Peters takes Lynn home, they find out that Shivers has just killed Tucker outside an amusement park, where Tucker was constructing a new design for a roller coaster. Peters then calls two police officers  to guard Lynn's house before they leave at 9:00 to secluded cabins in the woods. Before they leave, Ogre kills the police officers, while Shivers tries to kill Lynn. But during the process, Shivers kills Giggles instead. Peters and Lynn escape through the cellar, while Shivers takes off in the van , leaving Ogre behind to mourn over Giggle's dead body, who was Ogre's best friend. Ogre then takes off to go after Shivers for revenge. The next day, Peters and Lynn arrive at the cabins, where they are greeted by Hot Rod , Stoltz , and Rego , who are all friends of Peters. Meanwhile, Shivers leaves Ralph in the van while he takes a leak, and Ralph calls an anonymous caller, telling him that he needs to pay him  more money if he  wants the job to be done. Then, Shivers leaves to go find Lynn, only end up at the Horner's place, killing the entire family: Old Man Horner , Mrs. Horner , Craig , Owen , and Craig and Owen's sex girlfriend Maggie . Shivers then continues to find the cabins. Meanwhile, Ralph finally escapes from his handcuffs, but Shivers took the keys with him. With no sign of a house nearby or a phone booth, Ralph continues down the road. Meanwhile back at the cabins, Lynn explains to Peters why she has coulrophobia a.k.a. "fear of clowns": when she was little, she and her parents got into a car accident , and while in the hospital, the hospital staff send in a clown to try to cheer her up, only to frighten her. They then see a bright light in the woods, which turns out to be Stoltz's car on fire. The guys and Peters stay behind to wait for the fire to go out while Lynn waits back at the cabins. While Lynn's outside waiting for the guys to come back, she sees Shivers behind a tree and runs off. Meanwhile, the guys head back to the cabins while Stoltz stays behind to get his stuff out of the car. Stoltz hears something behind him and takes out his gun. The person behind him is Ogre, who swings a nail bat at his head right before the screen cuts to black. As the guys head back to the cabins, they find the tires on their cars flattened and their radios' have been trashed. As they head outside to search for Lynn, Ralph pops out of nowhere and calls out to them for help, only to runoff after realizing that Peters is there, who he recognizes and knows his name. As Ralph runs off, Shivers pops out of no where and axes Ralph's head off. Ogre then comes up behind the guys and starts shooting at them with Stoltz's gun. Though the guys don't know that Ogre used Stoltz's gun, Rego goes out into the woods to get Stoltz. As he arrives to the now blown up car, Rego finds blood on the ground. Ogre comes up behind him and attacks him, only to nail him in the hand with the nail bat. Rego and Ogre start fighting each other until Shiver shows up and axes Rego in the back. Ogre, who followed Shivers to avenge Giggles's death, attacks him and the two put up a huge fight, ending with Shivers axing Ogre's head off. Meanwhile, Lynn makes it back to the cabins and meets up with Hot Rod and Peters, and they hide in the storage closet. Lynn then asks Peters how did the clowns knew where to find them. Hot Rod, knowing that they're in an awkward moment, goes outside to guard the closet. Peters explains to her that the side effects to his CJD includes a personality disorder, and it's making him want to kill Shivers. So Peters bribed Ralph to help Shivers escape, so Peters can kill Shivers once and for all. However, Ralph messed up by releasing the other two inmates, who were helping Shivers throughout the entire film. Everyone that is dead is Peter's fault, but he's gonna kill Shivers if it's the last thing he ever does. Meanwhile outside, Hot Rod hears something and goes to check it out, only to not notice Shivers on top of the roof. Shivers jumps down and axes Hot Rod in the head. Peters hears Hot Rod thud outside, and finally calls all units to come to the cabins. Peters goes outside to see if the coast is clear, only to be axed in the side. Lynn then takes off into the woods with Shivers on her tail, leaving the axe inside Peters. Peters who is still alive, reloads his gun and drags himself to where Lynn and Shivers ran off to. Peters finds them, and shoots Shivers two times: once in the hand, the other in the back, and Shivers falls into a gully. Lynn goes to check to see if Peters is okay, but then looks to see Shivers rise up out of the gully. Lynn takes Peter's gun and points it at Shivers, but before she can pull the trigger, Stoltz  pops out of nowhere and shoots Shivers three times in the chest, knocking him back into the gully. It is unknown whether if Peters is dead, or he's just simply unconscious. The police arrive, only to find out that there's no body in the gully. All that's there is a trail of blood that leads a hundred feet south, and then Shivers climbed out of the gully and went into the woods. Sgt. Raup  decides to break the news to Lynn in the morning after she gets a good night sleep. It is unknown if Shivers is alive, or he died after heading out into the woods.