The documentary reports many controversies surrounding the use and promotion of genetically modified seeds, polychlorinated biphenyls , Agent Orange, and bovine growth hormone. Cases in the United States , Canada, India, Mexico, Paraguay, the United Kingdom and France, are explored, pointing out along the way how the corporation's collusion with governments, pressure tactics, suppression and manipulation of scientific data, and extra-legal practices aided the company's attempts at dominating global agriculture, according to the documentary. Scientists, representatives of the United States Food and Drug Administration and the United States Environmental Protection Agency, civil society representatives, victims of the company’s activities, lawyers, and politicians are interviewed.The World According to Monsanto National Film Board of Canada In March 2008, French journalist Marie-Monique Robin released the results of her three years of worldwide research into Monsanto. A book was published by La Découverte, a French editor, and a video documentary, Le Monde selon Monsanto , was released on DVD and shown on Arte, the Franco-German culture TV channel.Le monde selon Monsanto from Arte TVThe World according to Monsanto from Google Video It describes numerous controversial facts and allegations about Monsanto. Marie-Monique Robin travelled the world to meet scientists and political figures in order to investigate Monsanto's actions, controversy over GM crops, and the effects of the globalization of industrial agriculture on farmers in the developing world. Those interviewed include Shiv Chopra, a Canadian researcher who was fired by Health Canada for revealing an attempted bribe by Monsanto regarding the attempted introduction of bovine growth hormone into Canada. The author of the research met several independent scientists around the world who tried to warn the political authorities about the use of genetically modified seeds. According to Robin, most of these scientists actually lost their jobs as a consequence of their speaking out. The "revolving door syndrome" is also pointed out in the research as a threat to the quality and independence of the scientific conclusions about the effects of Monsanto products, especially those reached by the Food and Drug Administration. Robin travels to India, Mexico, Argentina, and Paraguay to see how Monsanto's genetically modified organisms  have affected local farmers using it for their crops. The claim is that suicide rates of farmers in India have increased as farmers are finding it harder to earn a living using more expensive Monsanto seeds that, despite claims, still require specific pesticide and fertilizer . Mexico, having banned GMOs, is trying to limit contamination and crossbreeding from subsidized U.S. GMO corn imported through the North American Free Trade Agreement  for eating. Argentinian farmers are giving up farming and moving to urban slums because they cannot compete with GM crops and are finding their farms, livestock, and children being negatively affected by pesticide runoff. Paraguay was forced to accept GMO crops as it was being imported anonymously and grown en masse, so prohibiting its export would have damaged the economy. In all cases genetic variation is reduced as a result of monocropping and ownership is increasingly concentrated. Monsanto declined to participate in the documentary.  Topics addressed include PCB chemical pollution in Anniston, Alabama, the suppression of scientific studies over the adoption of genetically modified organisms  in Scotland, and the bovine growth hormone controversy. The film makes the case for environmental degradation and declining global food security through the colonization of indigenous land races by transgenic seeds produced by Monsanto.