Lucy is a young woman who starts her practical training as an at-home nurse. She is trained by an older lady, Mrs. Wilson. The last patient that Mrs. Wilson and Lucy go to visit lives in an old mansion outside of civilization. Lucy enters the mansion, which is filled with stuffed animals, and finds Mrs. Wilson at the bed of the woman to whom she is attending, Mrs. Deborah Jessel. Mrs. Wilson informs her that Jessel was once a prominent ballet teacher, but is now bedridden and in a coma. Legend has it that Mrs. Jessel has a treasure of gold and jewels located somewhere on the property. After her first day on the job, Lucy meets her boyfriend, Will, and tells him of the treasure at Jessel's house. Lucy, Will, and their friend Ben all decide to hunt for the treasure. The three enter into the basement of the house through a window. After searching and finding a room filled with stuffed animals creepily gathered around a tea table, they find a single locked door. Lucy suspects that the key that was hanging around Jessel's neck is the key to this door. Inside the room, they find a white sheet covering what looks like a stuffed girl. Lucy suggests that this is the corpse of Jessel's deaf daughter Anna, still dressed in a ballerina outfit. Lucy twists the key on the pedestal the corpse is standing on, and the corpse starts spinning slowly with music playing, like a ballerina on a music box. They suddenly hear noises from the room upstairs and start to run out of the house, but find the basement window they entered from mysteriously covered by iron bars. Will tries to break a window open to escape, but the three of them get separated. Ben finds himself from an operating room with no door, with no idea how he got there, and is killed by girls wearing veils and ballet outfits appearing out of nowhere. Lucy sees Mrs. Jessel sitting at what was once Anna's tea party table. There is a flashback, showing that when Mrs Jessel was teaching ballet, she was a a very strict ballet teacher. When one girl leaves the ballet class, Jessel finds her dead in Anna's room. Anna had been drinking her blood. It is revealed that the Jessels are vampires. Will, still trying to open a window, is then attacked by Ben, who tries to bite him. He manages to stab Ben with a pair of scissors, but is attacked and killed by Mrs. Jessel. Lucy discovers that Anna is not in fact dead. Anna attempts to drink Lucy's blood but Lucy pushes her off. Suddenly Mrs. Wilson appears, punches and sedates Lucy. With Wilson looking on, Mrs. Jessel implants the pupae of a moth into the sedated Lucy and into the neck of Anna--a ritual to exchange the souls of the two. When Lucy comes to, Jessel believes that she has put Anna's soul into Lucy's body, as the color of the eyes has shifted. Jessel orders Lucy to dance. When she doesn't do as Jessel says, Wilson comes over to punish her, but Anna stabs her with scissors. She then stabs Jessel with the scissors, and both women fall to the floor. Jessel, though bleeding heavily, manages to get up and try to bite Lucy. Anna whips her mother until she releases Lucy, and the two girls throw Jessel off the third floor balcony. The next morning, Anna and Lucy escape the mansion and walk to the cliffs along the ocean side, holding hands. They unclasp their hands and Anna leans off a cliff. She does not go down into the water, rather, she flies into the sky as if to demonstrate a newfound peace. Her vampiric burn scars disappear as Lucy watches her float away.