Gene Autry , the Knight Ranch foreman, learns that a neighboring rancher Jed Thorpe  is bringing sheep into the area. Gene rushes to Thorpe's ranch, concerned that a hot-headed cattle rancher named Thad Morgan  may try to kill Thorpe. Morgan was once ruined financially by sheep ranching. Gene is able to stop Thorpe from bringing in the sheep, and Thorpe agrees to send the sheep back. Sometime later, Sandra Knight , who inherited the Knight Ranch from her late uncle, arrives in town with three female friends, who studied animal husbandry with her at the agricultural college. Before reaching the ranch, Sandra is approached by Thorpe's partner Briggs  who sells her the sheep. Continuing on to the ranch with the sheep, Sandra nearly hits Gene and his horse Champion. Learning about the sheep deal, Gene tries to dissuade Sandra from raising sheep, explaining that they eat grass to the root so that it cannot grow back, but Sandra doesn't listen to him. Instead of taking her to her ranch, Gene shows her to his own rocky ground and ramshackle cabin, telling her that it's her ranch. That night, as the girls try to sleep, Gene's friend, Frog Millhouse , makes wild animal noises to scare the girls into leaving the next day. One such noise sends Sandra into Gene's arms, and she asks him to sleep on the porch. The following day, Gene and Sandra go riding and come across the beautiful house and fertile land that is actually hers. Gene, who is falling in love with Sandra, is about to tell her the truth when she says she wants to lease the rocky land  for her sheep. When Morgan learns about the sheep on Gene's ranch, he rides there intending to shoot them, but Gene is able to stop him. Gene agrees to the sheriff's demand that he remove the sheep from the area in twenty-four hours. When Gene notices Frog applying Mercurochrome to a wound, he gets the idea to paint the sheep so that they will appear to have hoof-and-mouth disease. After Briggs discovers that Sandra believes she owns Gene's ranch, he offers her $5,000 for her property—a bargain for Gene's ranch, but far below the value of her own ranch, worth an estimated $100,000. When Sandra sees the painted sheep appearing diseased, she accepts Briggs's offer to buy them, and Briggs delivers the sheep to Morgan. That night at the dance, needing to keep Gene from interfering while Sandra signs over her ranch without understanding the legal implications, Briggs tells Sandra about Gene's trick. Angered by the ruse, Sandra fires Gene. Later, when Morgan confronts Gene about the sheep and draws on him, Gene pulls out his gun which fires before Gene pulls the trigger—Thorpe had rigged the gun earlier that evening. Morgan is wounded and Gene is arrested. Sandra decides to accept Briggs' offer to buy the ranch and tells her girlfriends to pack. After informing Gene about the sale, Frog helps him escape by putting up a wrecking company sign in front of the jail and paying a truck driver to pull the wall off the building. Pursued by the sheriff and a mob, Gene rides after Briggs and Sandra. After Sandra signs the deed over to Briggs, Gene pursues Briggs to the county seat and rips up the deed. The sheriff is informed that Morgan, after regaining consciousness, identified Thorpe as the one who shot him. Gene and the sheriff shakes hands, and later, Gene and Sandra go for a romantic ride through her ranch.