Martha Beck is a sullen, overweight nurse - with 50 nurses under her supervision - who lives in Mobile, Alabama, with her elderly mother . Martha's friend Bunny  surreptitiously submits Martha's name to a "lonely hearts" club, which results in a letter from Raymond Fernandez of New York City. The audience sees Ray surrounded by the photographs of his previous conquests as he composes his first letter to Martha. Overcoming her initial reluctance, Martha corresponds with Ray and becomes attached to him. He visits Martha and seduces her. Thereafter, having secured a loan from her, Ray sends Martha a Dear Jane letter, and Martha enlists Bunny's aid to call him with the  news that she has attempted suicide. Ray allows Martha to visit him in New York, where he reveals to her what the audience knows already: that he is a con man who makes his living by seducing and then swindling lonely women. Martha is unswayed by this revelation, however, and, at Ray's command, installs her mother in a nursing home so that she can live with Ray. But because she is fiercely jealous of Ray, she insists on accompanying him in his work. Woman after woman accepts the attentions of this suitor who goes courting while accompanied at all times by his "sister." Martha can barely contain her jealousy as she watches Ray romance other women, though Ray promises her that he will never sleep with any of them. Complicating his promise, Ray marries a pregnant woman, Myrtle Young , and after Young aggressively attempts to bed the bridegroom, Martha gives her a dose of pills, and the two put the drugged woman on a bus. Her death thereafter escapes immediate suspicion. Martha and Ray move on to their next target, and after catching Ray in a compromising position with the woman, Martha attempts to drown herself. To placate her, Ray rents a house in Valley stream, a suburb of New York City, while they continue swindling lonely women. Ray, using the alias "Charles Martin," becomes engaged to the elderly Janet Fay of Albany  and takes her to the house he shares with Martha. Janet gives Ray a check for $10,000, but then becomes suspicious of the two. When Janet tries to contact her family, Ray and Martha hit her in the head with a hammer and strangle her to death. They bury her body in the cellar in her trunk, with a portrait of Jesus. Martha and Ray then spend several weeks living in Michigan with the widowed Delphine Downing and her young daughter. Delphine, younger and prettier than most of Ray's conquests, confides in Martha, hoping that she will help her persuade Ray to marry her as soon as possible because she is pregnant with Ray's child. Furious, Martha is attempting to kill Delphine when her daughter enters the room with Ray. He shoots Delphine in the head and Martha drowns her daughter in the cellar. Ray tells Martha that he must proceed with his plan to move on to one more woman, this time in New Orleans, and then he will marry Martha; he reaffirms his promise never to betray Martha with one of his marks. Realizing that Ray will never stop lying to her, Martha calls the police and calmly waits for them to arrive. The epilogue takes place four months later, with Martha and Ray in jail. As she leaves the cellblock for the first day of their trial, Martha receives a letter from Ray in which he tells her that, despite everything, she is the only woman he ever loved. Titles on the screen then conclude the story, saying that Martha Beck and Raymond Fernandez were executed at Sing Sing on March 8, 1951.Although the real-life Beck and Fernandez were arrested originally in Michigan and charged with the murders of the Downings, ultimately those prosecutions were suspended and they were extradited to New York to be tried for the murder of Janet Fay, because New York, unlike Michigan, had the death penalty. It was for the murder of Fay that they were convicted and executed. See People v. Fernandez, 93 N.E.2d 859 .