Gangster Lucky Jordan  narrowly escapes death at the hands of an assassin hired by his ambitious right hand man, Slip Moran ; his decoy double Eddie is killed instead. Meanwhile, Lucky has been drafted. His lawyer, Ernest Higgins , tries to get him off by giving the orphaned Lucky a "mother" in alcoholic panhandler Annie , but the draft board is unconvinced, and he ends up in the army. To avoid work, Lucky lounges in the canteen, where he meets Jill Evans . He gets found out and is thrown in the stockade, but escapes. To get out of camp, he steals the car and papers of an army engineer. To his puzzlement, two thugs catch up to him on the road and try to rough him up. They leave when Jill drives up. Lucky takes Jill along with him against her will, and they become acquainted. She threatens to throw out Lucky's papers if he does not let her go. Since they are not his, he is unconcerned when she dumps them by the roadside. When Lucky sneaks back into the city, he finds Slip occupying his office. Slip tells him about some foreigners who are paying him plenty of money to sabotage the American war effort. He even takes credit  for the burning of the SS Normandie, even though he had nothing to do with it. It turns that the two goons Lucky encountered were after papers dealing with secret new tank armor. The trio head back to look for the papers. When Lucky finds them, Slip pulls a gun on him. Fortunately, Lucky is able to knock Slip out; Jill persuades him not to kill the helpless Slip. Still, for $50,000, Lucky is willing to pass along the papers. He phones Slip to arrange an exchange. Annie warns him that Slip has set up a trap, and offers to hide him at her place. Lucky is willing to try selling out his country again, but he is spotted by Slip's men. They follow him back to his hideout. While he is out, they beat Annie up, but she tells them nothing. When Lucky gets back, he checks out where he hid the papers; the thugs  knock him out and take them. From a slim clue, Lucky tracks the spy ring to Kilpatrick Gardens on Long Island. He sneaks around and finds Slip and Kilpatrick  with the papers. He manages to grab them and race away. All the exits are locked and watched, but when a man who had been taking a public tour of the place demands from a guard the return of an umbrella he left behind, Lucky hides the papers and an explanatory note inside the rolled up umbrella. Jill, having spotted Lucky, trails him to the gardens, and asks a guard for the use of the telephone to notify the authorities. Instead, he puts her through to Kilpatrick, who masquerades as an FBI agent. Totally deceived, she helps capture Lucky. Herr Kesselman , the leader of the spies, is disappointed when Lucky, under the mere threat of torture, quickly discloses where he supposedly hid the papers; Kesselman had thought that there were many similarities between Nazis and American gangsters. After most of the spies head off to search, Lucky manages to wrestle away the lone guard's gun. He tells Kesselman he is going to turn over the papers to the government out of new-found patriotism when real FBI agents arrive. Jill tells Lucky he will probably get a medal, but he actually ends up digging a ditch with other army prisoners under the watchful eye of his former drill sergeant .