On a farm, Daffy waits for his new Dick Tracy comic book to the tune of Raymond Scott's song "Powerhouse". The mailman then arrives and he gets the comic book. To the tune of the Poet and Peasant overture, he sprints to a corner of the farm and reads it. Then, he wishes to become Dick Tracy and then knocks himself out by accidentally punching himself while imagining fighting criminals. He then imagines himself to be "Duck Twacy, the famous detec-a-tive." Ignoring a piggy bank theft crime wave, he goes into action when he learns that his own bank has also been stolen from his secure safe. He decides to call Duck Twacy and calls himself before remembering he is Duck Twacy. He calls a taxi to follow a car but it leaves without him, to which he replies 'Keeps them on their toes'. Daffy while looking through a magnifying glass at the pavement, at one point bumps into one Sherlock Holmes who is doing the same thing in the opposite direction, and tells him he is working on this side of the street. Daffy's search leads him to a tram with Porky as the driver leading to the gangsters' not-so-secret hideout. He falls through a trapdoor when he rings the bell and follows footprints, even climbing up a wall making him think the culprit is the Human Fly, to a mouse-hole. He says the culprit is Mouse Man, however a huge humanoid mouse then comes out, and the scared Daffy tells him to go back in. He runs away but faces off against all the dangerous criminals in town: Snake Eyes , 88 Teeth (spoof of [[88 Keys , Hammerhead , Pussycat Puss (a gangster who looks like [[Sylvester , Bat Man , Doubleheader , Pickle Puss , Pumpkinhead , Neon Noodle , Jukebox Jaw , Wolfman , Rubberhead , and a host of unnamed grotesque criminals . He declares "You're all under arrest!". The villans then roar at our hero and the chase begins. In one sequence, the bad guys are seen using well-known Dick Tracy villain Flattop's head  as an airstrip with planes taking off. When Daffy is trapped against a wall, Rubberhead "rubs him out" with his head as an eraser but Daffy appears at the door. Pumpkinhead meanwhile moves in with submachine gun blazing. Daffy tosses a hand grenade directly to Pumpkinhead's head and he becomes a stack of pumpkin pies. After being chased about, Daffy eventually turns the tables on the villains and traps them inside a hallway closet. He slams the door shut on them and eradicates the group with sustained fire from a Tommy gun. He faces one last adversary, Neon Noodle , whom Daffy defeats by turning him into a neon sign that reads "Eat at Joe's" . He then finds the missing piggy banks, including his own. He begins to kiss his bank, but since he is dreaming he doesn't realise that he is on the farm again, kissing a real female pig. The plump yet slightly curvacious pig is rather smitten by Daffy since she believes he's trying to woo her with the barrage of smooches he plants all around her face. He wraps his kisses up with a peck to the cute pig's little nose. So in an elegant female voice she says "Shall we dance?" and lovingly kisses him right in the mouth. Now wide awake, Daffy wipes the kiss away disgustedly and runs away. The lady pig says "I love that duck!" and laughs.