Through the night, three cars carry a small group of men{{spaced ndash}}police officers, a doctor, a prosecutor, grave diggers, gendarmerie forces, and two brothers, homicide suspects{{spaced ndash}}around in the rural surroundings of the Anatolian town Keskin, in search of a buried body. Kenan, one of the suspects, leads them from one water fountain to another; at the time of the crime he was intoxicated and he cannot recall where he and his mentally challenged brother buried the body. The darkness and visual indistinctness of the landscape do not help; each spot looks the same as the others. Meanwhile the men discuss a variety of topics, such as yoghurt, lamb chops, urination, family, spouses, ex-wives, death, suicide, hierarchy, bureaucracy, ethics, and their jobs. Philosophy is also discussed, with one apparently central and particular idea/theme mentioned a couple of times throughout the film—the idea that children invariably pay for their parents' mistakes. During the course of the night the prosecutor tells the doctor about one particularly mysterious case he was previously assigned to, where a woman correctly predicted to her husband the exact date of her own death, which happened to be a short while after she had given birth to their child. When the doctor asks what the cause of death was the prosecutor tells him it was natural, a heart attack. The doctor then inquires as to whether an autopsy was carried out, to which the prosecutor responds that there was no need to as the cause of death was obvious and unsuspicious. The doctor suggests that it may have been a self-induced heart attack with the use of drugs and therefore suicide. Before dawn the prosecutor gets hungry, and the group stops at a nearby village to eat. After the meal Kenan reveals what happened the night of the killing{{spaced ndash}}while drunk he let slip the secret that the victim's son was actually his, and then things got ugly. Daylight breaks. The body is found and taken to the local hospital for autopsy. The mother and son  are waiting outside the hospital. The son throws a stone at Kenan hitting him between the eyes. Kenan cries. At the hospital the prosecutor again discusses the woman who predicted her own death with the doctor. They further discuss the possibility of suicide, where it is established that a certain prescription drug could have been used to induce the heart attack. The prosecutor is familiar with the drug as his father-in-law took it for his heart problems. Possible reasons for suicide are also discussed, and the two come to a possible motive—her husband's confirmed infidelity. At the end of the discussion the prosecutor's behavior suggests that the woman may have been his own wife. The prosecutor invites the victim's wife to identify the body in the hospital morgue, files the necessary paperwork, and departs, leaving the doctor to perform the autopsy. The autopsy reveals the presence of soil in the lungs, implying that the victim had been buried alive, but the doctor intentionally omits that from the report. The movie ends with a shot from the doctor's perspective of the mother and son in the distance walking away with the husband's belongings. The son sees that a soccer ball has been accidentally kicked far from a schoolyard and he runs and retrieves it and kicks it back to the children in the yard. He then runs back to his mother.