Horrid Henry  is too busy dreaming about being a rock star and fending off his little brother Perfect Peter  to do his homework. Naturally, this gets him into all kinds of trouble. His teacher, Miss Battle-Axe  promptly puts him in detention. It is revealed that Ashton Primary, the school Henry attends, is to be closed and Vic Van Wrinkle , the headmaster of Brick House School, stands to make a fortune from the resulting influx of pupils. With the help of his worst arch-enemy Moody Margaret  and her sidekick Sour Susan , Henry comes up with a plan to save the school, to avoid having to deal with the new school fees. First, he decides to enter a Talent Contest with his 'Zero Zombies' Band (even though they were banned by Miss Oddbod  for throwing goo which hits Miss Lovely  which he reckons that they'll become 'famous enough' that they won't want to shut the school down. During their performance in front of Ed Banger  and the Killer Boy Rats, Soggy Sid ([[David Schneider  tries to ruin the Performance but Margaret and her friends manage to stop him. After winning the show, Henry is found out that he was on the show and Miss Oddbod explains to him that his theory was wrong and that he should have thought about stopping the school closing down before he started being 'horrid'. Sitting in his bedroom in despair, Henry is called into his fort where Margaret and Peter explain he has been invited onto '2 Cool 4 School' where he can win a Cash Prize if he wins. After completing some challenges, the Presenters  and  show him confiscated toys in the Confiscated Cupboard but Henry insists on the Cash Prize where he has to meet a 'Terrible Teacher' which is revealed to be Miss Battle-Axe. Miss Battle-Axe congratulates Henry and gives him the Cash Prize and Henry hurries with Margaret to Miss Oddbod. Meanwhile, Vic Van Wrinkle holding Miss Lovely and Peter and his friends hostage in his School office. But Miss Lovely tricks him into explaining his plan while Miss Lovely has her mobile phone out so that Miss Oddbod can hear on her Phone and stops writing the Contract she was given. Hearing the sirens and the police arrive at the scene, Vic attempts to escape but with Peter tying his shoelaces together, falls out of the window is caught by the police and is arrested as well as his partners. Henry and Margaret manage to get to Miss Oddbod which Peter instantly offers her the money but she explains she heard Vic Van Wrinkle's Plan and doesn't need the money and therefore returns the money to which they will have the party of the century. The next day, Henry's Family and friends congratulate him for saving the school and as promised between Henry and Margaret have the party of the century which to Henry runs to the audience to splat his famous 'Purple Hand Gang' logo.