The film is divided into three stories, all of which focus on tragic and ill-fated love affairs. In the first episode, Words, we meet Kiril, a young monk who has taken a vow of silence, who stands up for Zamira, a young Albanian girl who is accused of murder and is on the run from a mob. For her sake, Kiril leaves the monastery and the two of them make their way through the Macedonian landscape, but their romance is heading towards a sudden and brutal end. Faces is set in bustling and trendy London. Anne, a picture editor, is torn between the love of her husband Nick and the attraction she feels for Aleksandar, a disillusioned war photographer. She is pulled into a series of tragic events by a shoot-out at a nearby restaurant. The third and final story, Pictures, brings the two previous stories together. It focuses on Aleksandar's return to Macedonia to settle. He learns that the war has divided his home village and that his Albanian neighbours are now seen as enemies. Hana, an Albanian woman he was, and apparently still is, in love with, asks him to take care of her daughter Zamira. While Aleksandar sets out to find the girl, a storm is building on the horizon, and the film returns us to its beginning.  Upon watching the film, it becomes clear that the sequence could have been any of three  - though somewhere an intended inconsistency will become apparent. The end of Words sees Zamira gunned down and killed by her family when she tries to escape them - photos of the scene make a passive appearance in Faces. Suddenly the reappearance of Zamira in Pictures coupled with the ending which returns to the beginning could temporarily hoodwink the viewer that this is, in fact, the first part of the film - until a very close observation of the man lying dead at the beginning of Words is Aleksandar Kirkov, all while Zamira is running for her life after having killed one of the Macedonians. Faces set in London has a living Aleksandar Kirkov whose close friend Anne is developing black and white pictures of a dead Zamira. The motto of the film was, "The Circle is not Round" seen in graffiti form on a wall during Pictures but actually stands to deliver a message that in life, people and places may change but overshadowing scenarios  go backward and forward in a cycle.