Edward  is in the throes of a quarter-life crisis. He is quitting his job in the city to travel to Africa, doing volunteer educational work to promote safe sex and combat the spread of AIDS. To see him off, his mother Patricia  and sister Cynthia  have organized a family vacation and bon voyage party on Tresco in the Isles of Scilly in a cottage they often rented years before. An invitation has also been extended to Patricia's estranged husband, who appears to have expressed the vague intention of coming. His mother and sister have deemed this a family-only vacation and have forbidden Edward to bring Chloe, his girlfriend, much to his irritation. Even with the exclusion of Chloe, they have nonetheless invited some outsiders: Christopher, a local artist who has been hired to teach Patricia how to paint the beautiful surrounding landscapes. And bizarrely, even though there will only ever be three to dinner, Patricia has hired a professional cook, Rose  to prepare all their meals and clean. Things start to fall into place and the trip quickly turns into mental crises and anxiety and resentment. Edward starts to wonder if his mother and sister have created this whole vacation with ulterior motives of their own. He seems all too ready to be talked out of his African plan, because he actually doesn't have the smallest idea what to do with his life and comes close to trying and seducing Rose. The bitter brother-sister relationship between Edward and Cynthia boil over over the course of the vacation and it comes to a head after Edward thinks that not inviting Rose to sit with them at the table is ridiculous, but it is insisted that because Rose has been hired as a cook, asking her to join them would be uncomfortable. To make up for it, they invite her to a restaurant meal, where Cynthia spoils it by complaining and making a fuss about the food. Edward's African trip begins to look unlikely, upstaged by the stunning reality of the Isles of Scilly themselves, so beautiful and exotic. Rose decides to leave earlier than she had planned and instead of saying goodbye, she leaves a note in the kitchen, which Edward finds. Towards the end Edward and Cynthia reconcile and without ever having seen Patricia's husband, the trio pack up and say goodbye to the house and rejoin their lives back in reality.