In Bogotá, Colombia, a terrorist by the name of Luis Cali has taken over the Palace of Justice with a ruthless team of mercenaries. He demands the release of his drug kingpin father, Enrique Cali, only to be told that his father has already been delivered to the United States for trial. They escape by helicopter and with the weapons and logistics assistance of Luis' second-in-command, an American named Jack Thorpe, they enter the U.S. through Mexico. In the United States, the Regis High School is a prep school for teenage boys with wealthy and influential parents, half of whom have been expelled from other schools. A group of pranksters consisting of students Billy Tepper, Joey Trotta, Hank Giles, Ricardo Montoya, Jonathan Bradberry and Phil Donoghue are watched over by their teachers, especially stern but well-meaning Dean Parker. Phil's father is the Federal Judge presiding over Enrique Cali's trial, so he is taken to a safe location as a precaution. Unaware of this, Luis Cali invades the school to capture him, callously killing those who get in the way. Furthermore they rig the campus with heavy firearms and remote-detonated explosives. With Phil nowhere to be found and the sons of numerous influential individuals in his grasp, Luis takes the entire school hostage. Underestimating the threat, the local Sheriff attempts to intervene but is repelled by bazooka fire. The FBI and US Army are called in, keeping their distance to avoid provoking the terrorists. Luis releases the school faculty  but institutes hourly headcounts to keep track of the boys. The students, under Billy's leadership, use their expertise in skirting authority to collect tactical information about the occupying forces, which Billy covertly brings to the authorities on the outside. They won't allow Billy to return, but with Parker's encouragement, he escapes and narrowly rejoins the students in time to be counted, preventing the killing of Gould and four students in response. Joey's father, New York mafia boss Albert Trotta arranges through Luis' father for the boy to be released. Joey, contemptuous of his father, refuses to go. He steals a weapon and opens fire on another terrorist, but is killed. Luis tries to impress upon Parker, who comes to retrieve the body, that it was an accident, but Albert takes revenge by having Enrique Cali killed in prison. Knowing they must act before Luis can learn of his father's death, the authorities undertake a rescue mission. Special Forces  covertly infiltrate the school and begin taking out terrorists. Meanwhile, Billy and his friends sabotage the detonator for the explosives, incapacitate several more terrorists with surprise attacks and lead the students and Gould to a secret basement chamber. Overwhelmed by the assault, Luis takes Billy at gunpoint and holds him in Gould's office, where Parker and commandos converge and kill him, the dean being wounded in the process. The remaining terrorists are subdued and the students are liberated.