Deep underwater the Atlantis logo appears and the Neptune Carrier runs through it revealing the characters. Captain Ace Speedman  announces to the crew that they will dock by the darkness. A fish scientist named Dr. Jeff Fisher or Fish  wants to get praise from the others by looking for a fake species. Samantha Rhodes  is a professor who wants to enjoy the love of Atlantis. They all meet up with First Mate Lance Spears  who is lazy at all times. Then a giant crab comes and throws the ship down to a lava pit. They all escape and stop in a nearby wasteland. They all go into the bottom base and see the recycled pieces of Lego. They build the machines that are used in the toy series. The back doors open and they all head out to look for the keys to find Atlantis. They see Manta Warriors and fight them off only for everyone to be chased by a shark. Lance makes a fake dummy and throws it at the shark. He eats it and blows off. They find the 2 keys. They go into a squid temple and Fish gets a crystal from there but escapes. Then a giant squid grabs them but gets tangled by them and Sam gets the crystal. Captain Ace finds one in the ground but gets hit by a Manta Warrior and he nabs his eye patch and his key. Then Ace leaves and the crew looks for him. They find him at the forbidden shark temple where he has his eye-patch and key. He gives Sam the key and the doors open. Fish gasps as millions of shark-warriors run out and attack them. They use a trident to scare them away. Then they see the last crystal but Sam thinks that Atlantis was just fake and she wasn't that smart. Ace encourages her to move on and she does. They pull out the keys and place them in the key holders on a gate. Fish notices that there is one missing. Then the last key appears and they place it in the middle. Sam turns it and it makes two sharks to come to life from statues. They chase around them until they get all their power to build a rocket to get over the portal in the middle. They run into it and the screen fades out. They appear to be in the golden city of Atlantis. Then Fish, Sam, Ace and Lance look out into the city as they become heroes.