Evie Jackson  is a middle-aged, single postmaster who is attending a postmasters' convention in New York City. Friendly, honest, and somewhat tactless, she has many friends but pines for love. Harry Mork  is a womanizing advertising executive who is staying in the same hotel while he finds an apartment. Mork is engaged to Phyllis , a woman from Altoona, Pennsylvania. Mork has been told that Phyllis has a son, whom he assumes from a photo is about 13 years old. But the photo is old and her son, Patrick , is actually 18 years old and a bohemian. Mork is surprised to discover Patrick's true age. He is also embarrassed by Patrick's casual attitude toward women and nudity, and suspicious of Patrick's seemingly platonic relationship with fellow student Emile Zola Bernkrand . Evie's numerous friends  try to draw her into the parties and events of the postmasters' convention, but Evie wants to find romance. She uses various means to make herself seem important to strangers, and meets Mork in the lobby of the hotel. Patrick helps Mork find an apartment in Greenwich Village. Mork is more interested in June Loveland , the buxom blond who staffs the stationary store in the hotel's lobby, than he is with Evie. Evie and Mork have lunch togeter, but Mork ignores Evie in favor of spending a few hours making love with Loveland in a hotel across the street. The following day, Mork takes Evie to see his new apartment. She talks about married life. Later, Evie spends the evening shopping and seeing sites. She has some upsetting encounters in the hotel late at night, and Mork rescues her from a man with improper attentions toward her. The following day, while Evie attends her conference, Mork meets with his fiancée, Phyllis. Mork has begun to realize he is tired of womanizing and wants a home and a wife. Phyllis sees Mork as someone who can be a father-figure to Patrick and straighten him out, and who can give her the "good life"  of hotel living. Mork breaks off his engagement to Phyllis, realizing he loves Evie. Evie, convinced she is unwanted by any man, leaves for home. Mork has her paged in the railroad station, and they reunite.