Set at the end of the Spanish–American War in 1898, the film focuses on three sisters of grumpy and overprotective Irish widower Dennis O'Grady ([[James Barton . The oldest, Katie , welcomes her fresh husband James Moore  from the army, whom she has married in secret. Meanwhile, the youngest two Patricia  and Maureen  pass a vaudeville theater owned by Tony Pastor . She recognizes the man from earlier that afternoon for mocking her father - since he was begging for food. She enters to scold him for his actions, though her attraction towards him softens her. Meanwhile, Dennis is advised by his companion Miklos  to warn his daughters about the immoral behavior of most men before it is too late. He is not aware of Katie's marriage and pregnancy, nor Patricia's flirtations with a vaudeville actor. Since the death of his wife Rosie - a famous vaudeville actress, Dennis has been wary of vaudeville, feeling that the hard life of vaudevillians has been the cause of Rosie's death. When she is caught by her father for accompanying Tony, Patricia lies that Tony is a college student. Dennis is impressed by the young man, and decides that he would be perfect to date Katie. Patricia is upset about how matters are turning out, though keeps quiet, afraid of her father's judgment. One day during a dinner, Patricia tells Tony that she is interested in joining him on the stage. Tony, however, feels that she is unable to do so until she tells her father the truth. Dennis is outraged when he learns about Tony's connections to the vaudeville, and forces him to give up his job, as well as locking Patricia in her room. Patricia sneaks out, though, and abandons her father to join Tony on the stage. There, she quickly becomes a big hit. Dennis, meanwhile, learns that one of his daughters is expecting twins, and decides that Patricia must be her. Devastated, he gets drunk and gets in trouble with the police. Sometime later, Tony helps Katie and James find an apartment. When Dennis finds out about this, he disowns all his daughters . Lonely, Dennis becomes ill and by Christmas, fears for his life. Patricia is informed by Miklos about her father's health, and quickly gathers her sisters and their lovers to take care of him. Dennis initially does not accept his company, until he finds out that Katie has just given birth to triplets. Ending the story, Patricia and Tony get engaged.