Laxmi is a caring and virtuous wife. Rajshekhar is an equally loving and faithful husband. He is an excellent provider and she plays the nurturer's role to perfection. They have two sons and a daughter. Rajshekhar was an orphan. He remained deprived of love until he married Laxmi. She came from a disturbed home with an alcoholic father and a scheming stepmother. When Rajshekhar and Laxmi got together, they created a stable, happy family. All is well, until the children grow up. The eldest son, Ravi , gets involved with Madhu , the daughter of a woman of ill-repute. Rajshekhar objects to this and Ravi leaves home. The second son Shashi  is caught red-handed, after stealing money from his father and letting the domestic help  take the blame. Shashi is also turned out of the house. Rajshekhar and Laxmi discuss the marriage of their daughter, Babli , with the son of their friends. However, Babli refuses, saying that her mother wasted her life as a homemaker and she would not like to do the same. The once-happy home is in a mess. Rajshekhar develops a heart problem and Laxmi takes him to the family doctor. While the doctor is checking Rajshekhar, Laxmi becomes unconscious for a short time. She is examined and the result is shocking: she has an advanced case of cancer, with only a few days remaining of her life. Rajshekhar requests the doctor not to inform her about this. He decides that his wife's last days should be as happy as possible. He finds Ravi, working as a petrol pump attendant and married to Madhu. Rajshekhar tells them about Laxmi’s illness and begs them to return home for her sake. They obey. Then he traces Shashi and brings him back. Babli changes her mind on her own, and decides to marry the son of her parents' friends. Madhu takes over the running of the household. She and Ravi are expecting a child. Laxmi is satisfied that unity and harmony are prevailing in her family. Everyone celebrates the twenty-fifth wedding anniversary of Laxmi and Rajshekhar. Back in their room, Laxmi collapses in her husband's arms; the same moment, he has a heart attack. When the family members enter the room, they find Laxmi and Rajshekhar’s bodies, joined in death as in life.