Set two years before the pilot episode, the film is narrated by Sam Axe , who is being questioned about a mission in Colombia. Sam reveals that he had unwittingly had an affair with a superior's wife . After being caught, Sam was assigned a dangerous mission: to track down a terrorist group known as the Espada Ardiente. Sam travels to Colombia, where he meets his new team, which includes Comandante Veracruz . He tells a local clinic that they are in danger. However, he is ignored by the two people there, Ben Delaney  and Amanda Maples . Later, while Sam is scouting the area, he discovers that Veracruz and his men are preparing to betray him. Sam once again attempts to warn the clinic, but they continue to ignore him. After Veracruz realizes that Sam is gone, he plans to destroy the clinic. A local girl, Beatriz  tells Sam what is about to happen. Sam finally succeeds in convincing Ben and Amanda of the danger, and persuades them to leave, taking all of the clinic patients with them. Sam and Ben stay behind to blow up the clinic themselves to create a distraction. The plan works, and all escape. Beatriz suggests fleeing to the Espada Ardiente, Sam's original assignment. Having no other option, Sam agrees. Upon their arrival, Sam discovers that the Espada Ardiente are nothing more than mostly elderly goat herders on a small farm. Disappointed, Sam returns to Veracruz's camp in an attempt to call for support. After he makes the phone call, Veracruz captures Sam. Fortunately, the Espada Ardiente arrive to save Sam. Sam, Ben, Amanda, and the "goat herders" travel to a CIA outpost to ask for help. Along the way, they are attacked by Veracruz and his men, but due to previous training by Sam, they make it to the outpost. When they arrive, they find it empty, save for two men and some radio equipment. When the men are told about the situation, they call for help. The men tell Sam that nothing will be done until Sam travels to the base first. Sam and the two men leave on a helicopter, promising Ben, Amanda, and the Espada Ardiente that they will return. Once the helicopter is in the air, however, the two agents confess to Sam that nothing will be done. Sam then forces them to land at gunpoint, and takes them hostage. The story flashes back to the present. Admiral Lawrence ([[John Diehl , the man questioning Sam, asks if he wants a lawyer. The inquiry has taken a bad turn for Sam. Sam continues his story. Back on the ground, the CIA men are forced to call for help. They learn that the nearest help is three hours away. Sam, the doctors, and the Espada Ardiente are forced to fight Veracruz and his men. They run out of ammunition, and are forced to retreat back to the outpost. Sam asks again how long it will be before help arrives, using the alias "Chuck Finley." He learns that it won't be enough time. Sam leaves the outpost to distract Veracruz. They assault him and open fire on the outpost. Fortunately, help arrives, and Veracruz and his men are captured. Sam and Amanda kiss, and Sam is escorted back to the base, where Sam begins his testimony. Admiral Lawrence evaluates the situation, and, due to Sam's actions in Colombia, threatens Sam with a court martial. However, Sam reveals that Beatriz photographed the entire operation, and planned on giving all of the evidence of the operation to Colombia's largest newspaper. Sam then graymails Lawrence into giving him an honorable discharge, a full pension, a first-class ticket to the city of his choice , a change of clothes, and a beer.