The Clinic is set in the year 1979 . Young mother-to-be Beth is traveling cross country with her fiancé, Cameron. After a near accident on the road they stop at a motel in the small town of Montgomery. Cameron goes for a midnight stroll and comes back to find his fiancé missing. After a quick search Cameron calls the local police and asks the officer on duty to check the motel, as the owner has been behaving suspiciously towards Beth. Cameron attacks the motel owner out of frustration and is arrested. Beth later wakes naked in bath tub in a warehouse, and discovers her baby has been removed by C-section. The only clothing in the room is a white smock with the Roman numeral DCVIII on it. Alone and afraid for her child, she wanders outside of the facility where she is discovered by other women who have also been kidnapped and had their babies taken via C-section. Meanwhile, Cameron makes an attempt to save Beth by overpowering the policeman and traveling to the facility where Beth is being held. He drives over a spike strip on the road leading to the facility and has a fatal accident. As the mothers search for their children at the warehouses they discover that their babies are alive but locked in a row of crib cages. The babies are wearing colored tags that can only be matched to a colored clip sewn inside the mother's abdomen. The only way to match mother to child is to remove the tag from their abdomens, but one of the captured women has decided to cut them out of all the other women rather than from herself. One by one, the women are picked off by the crazed mother until Beth catches her and fatally injures her. After holding the last mother until she dies, Beth goes off to find the dying mother. The dying mother tells her of a woman who told her the only way to find out which baby was hers was to kill five other woman and remove the tags inside. She dies, and Beth takes the tag from the last mother from her hand. Beth then uses the clips to deduce that her baby has the violet tag. She returns to find the babies have been removed from their cage cribs and is knocked out by a hidden assailant. After regaining consciousness, she is finds herself chained to the floor. She is confronted with the sight of a Russian couple inspecting her baby in a clandestine adoption operation where the prospective parents can choose which baby to adopt based on their mother's professions and performance in the warehouse experiment. As is customary, the adoptive father prepares to kill Beth. He is stopped suddenly by the adoption ring leader's son, who is mentally handicapped but has remembered Beth's kindness to him. Beth frees herself and confronts the woman running the operation, only to discover that she herself was picked up as a baby from this facility by her adoptive parents. Beth takes her final revenge on the woman and escapes with her child. Months later, she visits the grave site of her biological mother  and makes her way to meet her biological father.