In 2008, the Reaper virus infects Scotland and is being walled off by the British government. A Scottish woman begs soldiers retreating by helicopter to take her injured little girl with them, but the helicopter is already overloaded. One of the soldiers sacrifices his place for the girl who has suffered an eye injury from the firefight but is uninfected. The quarantine is deemed a success, with the remaining Scottish population and the virus apparently dying off. In the decades after, diplomatic relations between Great Britain and the rest of the world is destroyed because of genocidal quarantine, causing a depression and civil unrest. During a raid by the police, they find Reaper Virus victims in a ghetto in London. Prime Minister Hatcher and his right-hand-man Canaris share with domestic security chief Captain Nelson news of survivors in Scotland, and they believe a cure may exist. They order him to send a team into Scotland to find medical researcher Dr. Kane, who was working on a cure when Scotland was quarantined. Nelson chooses Major Eden Sinclair, the little girl now grown up, to lead the team. North of the wall, while searching for any survivors in a hospital, Sinclair and her team are ambushed by a gang of Marauders. After losing numerous members of their group including both APCs, Sinclair and Dr. Talbot are captured and Sgt. Norton and Dr. Stirling manage to escape the attack. Sinclair is interrogated and tortured by the gang's leader, Sol and Dr. Talbot is barbecued alive. During Talbot's immolation, Sinclair manages to escape with another prisoner, Cally, and kill Viper, Sol's lover. After meeting back up with Sgt. Norton and Dr. Stirling, they make their escape via a train, driven by Joshua, Cally's friend. They are surrounded by Kane's medieval soldiers, Joshua is killed, and the rest are taken prisoner. Kane informs Sinclair of the truth, there is no cure, just people immune and sentences her and her group to death. Sinclair defeats Kane's executioner Telamon, while the others escape from the prison. The remaining survivors retreat to an underground facility and find a Bentley in storage. Norton is killed by Kane's men, but the others drive back to the quarantine wall. After a long, high-speed road battle with Sol's Marauders, Sinclair is tracked down a government gunship and discovers Canaris' true plan. Cally and Sinclair go in the gunship, while Sinclair then chooses to stay behind instead of returning to London. Nelson flies into the quarantine zone to speak with her and she gives him a recording of the conversation. In the end Sinclair delivers Sol's head to the marauders and they cheer, while the recording is broadcast to the country.