{{plot}} The movie opens with the fairies making final preparations for the Pixie Hollow Games. Rosetta, who is afraid of dirt, freaks out when Chloe  drops a lump of dirt in front of her, accidentally getting her dirty. Silvermist quickly washes Rosetta off, who stops freaking out and thanks her. Silvermist then asks why Chloe has it who announces she has been training for and is going to be competing in the Pixie Hollow Games. Fern then selects Rosetta to be Chloe's partner in the games, who reluctantly agrees and Vidia looks forward to it by saying "This is going to be good." hoping Rosetta will humiliate herself. The night of the games, Rosetta wears a fancy gown, certain that she and Chloe will lose, as the garden fairies have had a losing streak in the games. Storm fairies Rumble and Glimmer  come in, and they begin the first game, called leapfrogging. Rosetta refuses to get onto the frog, and the garden fairies lose but are still in the competition because when Rosetta gets on, they accidentally smash the contraption holding the Healing Fairies together, which eliminates them.   The next day, Rosetta and Chloe continue to compete in games such as dragonfly waterskiing, twig-spheres, and mouse polo, slowly moving up in the standings during each game. In the teacup challenge, they take the lead. Iridessa and Lumina try to catch up but Iridessa uses so much pixie dust, they crash into the ceiling, eliminating the light talents from the competition. Chloe then slides down into the slime but because Rosetta – afraid of getting dirty – is not with her, they are placed last, to Chloe's dismay. But Rosetta decides to conquer her fear and dresses in the garden fairies' uniform for the derby cart race, and announces she has a plan to win the Games. The race starts with storm talents taking the lead, but Vidia and Zephyr take "the jump" shortcut and crash, then Terence and Fairy Gary try to jump the pond but land in it, leaving just the garden and storm fairies. Rosetta and Chloe take the mudslide mountain shortcut and successfully make it over thanks to Tinker Bell adding built-in spikes to the wheels and a propeller to cross the steep mountain and get ahead of the storm fairies. However, in the last leg of the race, Rumble uses Glimmer's lightning power to zap one of the wheels causing the girls' cart to crash. At this point, Glimmer is disgusted with her partner's infatuation for winning and gets off the cart right before they approach the finish line, causing them to lose the games. Seeing their cart destroyed, Rosetta and Chloe push their cart over the finish line together and are amazed to find that they have defeated the storm fairies, since one of the storm fairies didn't want to finish due to the other's behavior. Therefore, the garden fairies win. The movie ends with Rosetta and Chloe celebrating with their friends that they broke their losing streak.