The river flows own pace. Plants, plant flowers and hatching. Birds fly to the sky - I own song. This lifestyle continued for thousands of years, I hope - despair, love - love, ask - it's easy to get the game, but not Resist hartal, are in the dark. However, change is difficult acalayatana societies, women have no right to it. Women in the hand of the doll. Nacaya such as the male dancing. Icchete married someone worth your society and crime, serious crime. I live in this society anace kanace prejudice, Early marriage, polygamy, violence against women. The central bank would have been a mere fairytale story gramake. I can not say when the village was gorapattana. The flood "kasema sikadara" thai his wife had come to this place bhasate bhasate bhelaya banera water. It is home to sikadara pattanahayechila here. Living at home for the elderly sikadara "makabula" and his wife, along with three "Abul", "Rashid", "Fakir mother," "mantu" and many more. How old makabulera astadasi Governance Forum Star Magazines Star makabulera I do not know. He wants to open up about, I-play. As a young man, so choose the sathamadehi mantake. Manta parents - mother anata hara. The goods selling a variety of jobs. Forum Star Magazines Star manta and everyone was out fishing at night agocare. You can make barsaya Restaurant. Thus I have two dujanara. I love nature joyare bhase two. I would not mind someone's face phumte, people fear disgrace. But the sight of blood away from society. Gamo gerame that the cholera pestilence lagale ujara spring house was a few people. The doctor does not show the tukataka tabija, how it was. After the sudden death of tunike makabulera manta when I open it when I was late. Mullah times, abali, rasada, Fakir, and engaged in no saleha. Mantara Forum Star Magazines Star have met with. Forum Star Magazines Star lost her life to. I sometimes think tunike mantara. Thus we have a lot of time. I like her manuscript to Cart nighttime surata Ali - "sona sona sona bandhugane handed me, and some Shan bheluyara universally." Bheluya beautiful and everyone is sane. At the same time signature, the same history and ahead to the sure one thousand years of darkness. Thousand-year-old manuscript in the same tone arm jotsna goods selling air filled the night. Abarte tense when things go wrong. Changes in nature. Asena only change the darkness, the village was kusanskarachanna acalayatana society.