Nam is a girl who is secretly attracted to Chon , her senior at school. However, she feels that Shone is too good-looking for her. Nam and her three friends instead turn to the help from the book '9 recipes of love', believed to have a magical power to win affection from the boy of choice. Nam's father works in the States to support his family and promises to Nam and her younger sister that he will send a flight ticket to US to whichever one of them earn the first place in school. Nam misses her father and is determined to study hard to raise her grade. Nam and her friends were denied by the Thai dance club after picking a fight with Faye, a pretty girl at school. They instead joined the English Drama club headed by Teacher Inn, where Nam is chosen to play Snow White in the school drama, Snow White, during the school fair. Shone was also helping the Drama club as a stage painter. After the drama, Nam becomes popular among the boys at school. Nam also tries to change her appearances by wearing contact lens, braces, and whitening her skin. Her look improves dramatically. She is also chosen as a drum major of the school parade, while Shone joined the soccer team as a striker. During the second year of the story, Shone's childhood friend Top joins the school. He immediately likes Nam and some days later he confesses his love to Nam. She is shocked and does not answer to avoid the risk of hurting Shone's best friend, Top. Top takes that as an acceptance. Next morning, Top asks Nam to go to the football match to see Shone play. After the match, Shone told Nam that he is wishing he has a girlfriend, much to Nam's shock. They are interrupted by Top before Nam can say anything back. At the birthday night party of Ake, one of their friends, Top and Shone share their story and say that they promise never to fall in love with the same girl. During a dance Top kisses Nam's cheek. That night, Nam breaks up with him. Top made Shone promise never to pursue Nam. Three years has passed by since the beginning of her story. Nam secures the first position in her exam, which means she will get to stay with her father in the States. Nam and her friend finally realized that the book did not do much help and decides to use the 10th recipe: Direct confession. On the closing of the school year, Nam finally confesses to Shone only to find out that she is too late. Shone's already going out with Pin, his classmate. That night, Shone came home to find out that he is accepted into a trainee program in a professional soccer team, and has to leave for the camp the following morning. He went into his room and take out a diary. That diary contained all of Nam's photos. He always loved her but never got a courage to tell her. Shone leaves his diary in front of Nam's house. Nine years later, Nam is a successful fashion designer who recently came back from the States and is asked to appear in a variety show. Shone is now a professional photographer. In that variety show, Nam and Shone reunite.