University students Vishal  and Preity  hate each other. Vishal’s goodlooking friend Rahul  is a singer and popular among the girls in their college. Vishal writes the lyrics for Rahul’s songs. Preity is the president of the Photography Club. Preity’s good looking friend Malvika  is a fashion designing student. Malvika’s parents live abroad and she lives with Preity and her mom. Rahul ignores a lot of friend requests from girls  and Malvika ignores a lot of friend requests from guys. Vishal likes Malvika and Preity likes Rahul. Vishal sends friend request to Malvika through his own and Rahul's account and Malvika ignores it and leaves the room leaving her Facebook account on. Preity uses her friend Malvika’s account and accepts the friend request from Rahul. Vishal talks to Malvika pretending to be Rahul. But, he is actually talking to Preity because she is pretending to be Malvika and she thinks she is talking to Rahul. Vishal and Preity are busted by their friends and they request their friends Rahul and Malvika to go on a date. Rahul and Malvika starts liking each other after seeing that they have a lot in common. They go on a double date, Malvika with Vishal and Preity with Rahul. The college is celebrating its silver jubilee. The theme for the festival is a photographic documentary  of the romantic history of the college . Vishal and Preity have to work together. They have a lot in common and they are both immature and they argue a lot. Slowly, after spending time together they both sort out there previous differences and soon become good friends. At Rahul's birthday party, Vishal finds Rahul kissing Malvika. On seeing this, the enraged Vishal tells Malvika that it was he who had chatted with her and not Rahul which Preity also overhears. This angers her and she tells him that it was not Malvika but she who was chatting with him. She admits that she had fallen in love with him but Vishal is still angry at what he considers is his friend Rahul's betrayal. At the College's Silver Jubilee festival, Vishal finally realizes and tells Preity that he loves her in front of the audience and they kiss, celebrating the new generation of romance.