In 2002, a young cop, Jonathan White , is rookie officer under Captain Marion Mathers  in a Queens neighborhood in New York City, where he grew up. To provide for his wife Kerry  and ailing young daughter, he works hard to keep his life on track, but this life is threatened when a dark secret bubbles to the surface. An anonymous source reveals new information about two unsolved murders from 16 years ago. In 1986, Jonathan had killed two men in self-defense. His friends, Vinnie and Vicky, helped him dispose of the bodies and keep their involvement a secret from the authorities, and then Detective Stanford , who was the partner of Jonathan's deceased father, closes the cases, knowing he was involved. In the present, anonymous phone calls are being made to Jonathan's home, whose wife receives them. This leads to an increasingly difficult relationship between Jonathan and Kerry. He has contact with Lauren Bridges , the reporter who is trying to create a successful newspaper story out of the source material that has been leaked. At a dinner, Jonathan tries to convince her not to publish the story, but she refuses and leaves. Once she leaves the restaurant, she is followed by an unknown assailant and killed. Jonathan meets with a grown up Vinnie  for the first time in years. Also, Kerry has received more calls and Jonathan is forced at admit to her that he was responsible for the killings. The next morning, Jonathan learns of Lauren's death and the caller contacts him. He is taken to Captain Mathers, by his corrupt partner and Stanford, whom he has not seen since he was a boy is with him. Mathers shows pictures taken of Jonathan and Lauren in the restaurant before she was killed. Jonathan will potentially be framed as her killer. As they do not want the department to look bad, the men offer Jonathan the chance to go home and forget about everything that has been done, and they will take care of the situation. Jonathan heads home but soon turns around and drives to Vinnie's apartment knowing that the men are going to kill Vinnie and arrives to find the men about to murder Vinnie on the roof. Jonathan is shot when he attempts to intervene and is held back by his partner. Mathers hands a gun to Vinnie and orders him to kill Jonathan, but Vinnie decides instead to shoot Mathers. Stanford then shoots Vinnie, who falls off of the roof. Stanford tells Jonathan to leave and never to speak of this. Jonathan reluctantly leaves and goes to find Vinnie, who tells him that he never told anyone. Mathers's death and the two murders in 1986 are blamed on Vinnie, who is portrayed as a mentally unstable murderer in the media. Jonathan tries to carry on a normal life. The movie closes with an older Vicky sending a letter to Jonathan explaining this will be her last letter, thus identifying herself as the person sending the letters to the newspaper.