Viewers enter the Imagination Institute's theater for the Inventor of the Year Award Ceremony, in which professor Wayne Szalinski is receiving the award. Attendees are asked to don their "safety goggles" in preparation for the scientific demonstrations. The show opens with the crew of the show searching for Wayne, when he suddenly flies on stage miniaturized and in a transportation device called a Hoverpod. He accidentally drops the control box and sends the machine flying off behind the stage out of control. The Hoverpod comes back and shorts out the neon Imagination Institute "Inventor of the Year Award" sign over the audience . Wayne's son Nick demonstrates some of his father's other inventions to kill time while the crew searches for him. He puts a mouse in his father's copy machine and they quickly multiply . This does not go smoothly, and the audience ends up screaming with the loose mice running under their seats and a holographic "Holo-Pet" lion in their faces used to scare the mice away . While the demonstrations go awry, Wayne manages to use his shrinking machine to return himself back to normal size. He brings out the machine to demonstrate its uses by shrinking a family's luggage, saving space and money when traveling. Unfortunately, the machine goes out of control and shrinks the audience . The viewers are antagonized by obstacles such as Wayne's youngest son Adam taking a picture of them with a blinding flash and picking up the theater to "show the little people to Mommy."  Then Nick's python Gigabyte, much larger than the miniature audience, nearly eats them, as he had not yet been fed that day. Quark, the Szalinski's dog, then chases him away with a few barks. Other elements in the show involve a cloning machine that clones thousands copies of white lab mice and they get loose in the audience. When Wayne's wife gets there, she faints upon seeing the tiny people and her hand becomes stretched-out and giantic. One last remaining factor is that there is an orange cat that's brought in to kill all of the mice and upon fixing the machine Professor Szalinski makes a big mistake and transforms the cat into a very fearsome full grown-male lion and after a second it roars loudly out into the crowd. Luckily, Wayne fixes the machine just in the nick of time and returns the audience back to normal size and the lion back into an ordinary cat, but Quark is momentarily affected by the beam and then runs backstage out of sight. His wife recovers and Wayne accepts his award and begins his speech, but he is interrupted by Nick warning of a "big, humongous problem." The now giant Quark walks out onto the stage and the curtain closes while viewers hear the Imagination Institute's crew trying to stop him from crushing the place. He then finds his way through the curtain and sneezes on the audience for the finale. As they leave, they can hear the commotion from backstage continue.