It is a joyous time for everyone in a land known as Malarpuri, when the queen  becomes pregnant. Joyful for everyone except her brother Naganathan , the army commander who has his eye on the throne. So he pays one of the maids to deliver the newborn to him. He then proceeds to hand it over to his henchman Somu, ordering it to be killed. But the queen gives birth to twins and the king , ever suspicious of Naganathan, passes an order that forces Naganathan to take care of this baby. But he decides to raise it as his hand puppet. Meanwhile, Somu desists from killing the baby and instead, raises it in another town. So the twins grow up separately - Parthiban, a good, honest and brave man and Vikraman , a drunkard and womaniser who is dependent on his uncle for everything. Parthiban falls in love with Amuthavalli alias "Amutha" ([[Padmini , the daughter of the minister at the palace and on one of his nocturnal visits, runs into his brother and his mother. The queen finds out that Parthiban was her other son who she did not raise, and she accepts him as her son. She pleads Vikraman also to accept Parthiban as his brother, but Vikraman, his mind poisoned by his uncle, fights Parthiban and defeats him, later clamping an iron mask on his face and locks him up in the dungeons. But through some strategies Parthiban escapes, he reaches Vikraman and forces him into the same prison, thus the same iron mask is put on Vikraman's face this time. Parthiban then puts on Vikraman's clothes and acts as the king, while the guards at the dungeons are unaware that it is Vikraman  who is trapped. Vikraman keeps pleading the guards to release him and tries to make them understand the truth but the guards continue to laugh, thinking that "Parthiban" has gone insane. His last proof of identity, Vikraman writes a message on a nearby plate and after signing it, tosses it out of the window. A guard reads the message and after seeing Vikraman's sign, finds out that he is in prison. The guard releases Vikraman who challenges Parthiban to a final fight. With Parthiban seeming to emerge victorious, Vikraman escapes on a horse and while running through the mountains, he however loses control of the horse and falls off the cliff. With Vikraman finally gone, Parthiban is crowned the new king of Malarpuri and the Uthama Puthiran  of his mother.