Reshma  is running away from her house to Chennai, a day before her marriage. She is insulted by the casting director for being unattractive and useless after trying to get a role in a film. Determined to convince him she spontaneously grabs the role of a side dancer. However, she dances with whips and using erotic movements annoying the film's director, Abraham . He edits out Reshma's entire dance sequence from the film. The film fails at the box office much to the dismay of the producer Selva Ganesh , who later offers Reshma a song in his upcoming film, and suggests that she now be referred to as "Silk". At the first shoot "Silk" is dances with Suryakanth , her childhood idol. Silk seduces him by offering a long-term sexual relationship. Meanwhile, Abraham proposes a new film to Selva Ganesh and is keen to cast Suryakanth, suggests he add spice and sex to make the film more commercially viable, which angers Abraham. Silk goes on to do many more erotic and sensual films with Suryakanth. She gains many male fans and within a short span of time, becomes immensely rich and popular as the Southern sex star. Suryakanth's younger brother Ramakanth  is an admirer of Silk and tries to befriend her. Silk is happy that someone finally likes her for who she is and not just for her body. At an awards ceremony Silk is praised for her performance, but is also insulted by Suryakanth who tells her that she is nothing but everyone's "dirty secret". Silk announces that she will continue to make her "dirty pictures", and that she has no qualms in doing so. She spends more time with Ramakanth and sensing their affair as a sensational news, noted journalist Naila  criticises Silk for dating both brothers. Suryakanth drops Silk from his forthcoming films, forcing her to work with small-time film makers. She loses interest in her work and begins to feel threatened by a younger aspiring actress, Shakeela. After a dance challenge she intentionally trips Shakeela, much to the embarrassment of Ramakanth who breaks up with her. Silk turns to alcohol and chain smoking, and gains weight. Directors lose interest in casting her and she subsequently loses all her wealth and fame. Silk has accumulated so much debt that she approaches a small-time film maker. She is shocked to find that he wants her to do a porn film, but he intoxicates her with a drink and starts filming. The place is soon raided by the police but Silk, manages to escape in time. Despite this Abraham begins to fall for Silk, even though he at first denies it. He manages to trace Silk's mother and wants to surprise Silk the next morning. That night when he calls Silk, she asks him to bid goodbye to everyone on her behalf as she is going to sleep. Abraham rushes to her house, finding her lying in bed dead from a sleeping pill overdose.