The film unfolds from the life of college student Manimekhala , a village girl who can see what others don't. A serious reader of modern literature, from a southern district of Tamil Nadu, Manimekhala sees visions, that no one believe. Later incidents prove, that what she said become true. She creates scenes, whenever she has these illusions. Interestingly, the illusions are like a movie projected on an imaginary screen from her bangle presented by her fiancee Muthu . The bangle isactually made from molten celluloid. This projected movie roughly reveals thestory of a couple of street performers ([[Cheran  in love and tortured by a lustful Zamindar  who tonsures the girl's head. Even on the marriage stage, her bangle projects such a show specially for her, and she creates a scene ending in the cancellation of the marriage ceremony. Later her understanding fiancée Muthu accompanies her to investigate what really happens. It leads to an old retired school master, who says the story of the dropped movie. In the later 1970s this movie was actually made by an enthusiastic young director Gnanasekaran  and dropped in the midway due to a mishap. This retired man was enacting the role of the zamindar in the film,and the plot was based on a real incident. The heroine is at first reluctant,when the director/hero tells her that her head will be really shaved and nospecial effects business. After persuasion, she agrees for the sake of reality.Meanwhile, the real zamindars's son ([[Seeman  comes to the shooting spot andobjects, the real incident maligning his dad, should not be canned. The master pacifies him saying that it is only an imaginary plot. But this zamindar's son returns with his bunch of hooligans and creates havoc in the shooting spot. The tonsured heroine is mentallydisturbed and hangs herself, and the shooting comes to a halt. The director disappears, only to return as a naxalite to annihilate the wicked zamindar along with his unshaved revolutionary comrades. But he is encountered by the cops and shot down, and the period was the Emergency. Manimekhala suddenly wields a camera and becomes a docu film maker and goes to the particular village again. There she meets the real Dalit woman ([[Manorama  who was tonsuredduring the zamindar's period, and interviews her. And she repeats the dialogues prompted by Manimekhala with a theatrical accent and a huge whitewig. The zamindar's grandson  is also interviewed.