Thirteen years after graduating high school, Jim Levenstein , Chris "Oz" Ostreicher ([[Chris Klein , Kevin Myers , Paul Finch , and Steve Stifler  have moved on with adult life and responsibilities. Jim is still married to Michelle  and they now have a two-year-old son, Evan. However, since the birth of their son, Jim and Michelle's sex life has slowly but surely begun to deteriorate. Oz is an NFL sportscaster living in Los Angeles with his supermodel girlfriend Mia . Kevin is married to Ellie and works from home as an architect. Finch tells his friends that he has been traveling the world, and still searching for his one true love. Stifler works as a temp at an investment firm, where he is also the victim of cruel verbal abuse by his arrogant employer. When former classmate John , one half of the 'MILF' duo, organizes a Class of 1999 high school reunion in East Great Falls, Jim and Michelle arrive at Jim's old home, where his father Noah  is now a widower. Jim encounters his neighbor Kara , who he used to babysit and is soon to turn 18. Jim meets up with Oz, Kevin and Finch at a bar, where they meet Selena Vega , a former classmate and Michelle's best friend from band. Stifler unknowingly happens across the group, and joins them for weekend activities. The next day, the group goes to the beach. Oz meets his high school girlfriend, Heather , who is dating a heart surgeon named Ron , while Kevin reconnects with Vicky . The guys have an altercation with Kara's boyfriend A.J.  and his friends, which ends with Stifler defecating in their beer cooler and destroying their jet skis. That night, the guys and girls, minus Michelle, go to the falls where they encounter a high school party celebrating Kara's birthday. Finch and Selena reconnect and realize how much they have in common, thus falling in love with one another. Jim is forced to drive an intoxicated Kara home, who tries to seduce him. They are almost caught by John, but he thinks Michelle was giving Jim oral sex , and dismisses it. Oz, Finch, and Stifler come help Jim secretly return Kara back home past her parents, but A.J. spots them sneaking out. A hungover Kevin wakes up in a bed next to Vicky in his boxers and assumes they had sex. The next day, Stifler tries to throw a party like in high school, but finds everyone else has outgrown this. Jim and Michelle, who have been having a lackluster sex life, attend with a plan to recreate their prom night. They bring Noah along to help him out of his depression, who becomes intoxicated and encounters Stifler's mother Jeanine  for the first time. Kevin confronts Vicky about the night before, but she discloses it was not sexual and is upset that he would assume such a thing. Mia takes ecstasy while Ron humiliates Oz by showing a DVD of his loss as a contestant on Celebrity Dance-Off. When Heather goes to comfort Oz, they attempt to rekindle their previous relationship, but are interrupted by Mia, who gets in a fight with Heather. Jim and Michelle decide to role play, but Jim is confronted by Kara trying again to seduce him, followed by hostile A.J. and his friends. The adults  and the teens have a lengthy fight on the front lawn, which is disrupted by police officers, who arrest Finch for stealing a motorcycle. Stifler finds Finch's arrest amusing while the others sympathize with Finch, and fed up with Stifler's rudeness, the guys proceed to tell him off. Stifler, in response, cites how they never contact him and failed to tell him they were in town. They admit they did not because they did not want him to ruin things like he always does. Hurt and offended, Stifler ends the party. Mia leaves Oz, Stifler decides to skip the reunion for work, and Michelle goes to her grandmother's. When Jim tells his father about their lack of sex, he is told they need to make time for each other. At the reunion, Finch admits that he is an assistant manager at Staples and stole the motorcycle from his boss when he did not receive a raise that was promised. The boys go to Stifler's job, where they apologize to him and admit that although he may be obnoxious, he is their friend, and without him, high school would not have been fun or worthwhile. Stifler regains his confidence and quits his job - but not before standing up to his antagonistic boss - and attends the reunion. Kevin reconciles with Vicky who then meets a new guy at the reunion, Adam, Finch makes amends with Selena for his lies and the two proceed to not only begin a romantic relationship, but have sex in the bathroom (though Finch initially objected to it, still remembering the laxative incident from the [[American Pie , Oz reunites with Heather, and Jim reconciles with Michelle. Stifler is asked to be a party planner for a wedding for his former lacrosse mates and meets Finch's mother Rachel  who proceeds to have sex with him on the lacrosse field. As this goes on, John is reunited with his estranged buddy, Justin  and together they look on and chant their signature word 'MILF' over and over again. The next morning, the friends gather at Dog Years, where Jim encounters Kara and both apologize for their behavior. Oz plans to stay in town with Heather, Finch plans a trip with Selena to Europe, Stifler drops subtle hints about sleeping with Rachel but no one catches on. Jim initiates a pact for them to try and get together once a year to catch up. They all agree and make a toast  as the franchise's theme song "Laid" plays.