{{plot}} On a winter day in Ireland, a young white duck named Sean, and his puffin friend named Puffin, are chasing seagulls, then run into a vicious Red Fox. After escaping from the fox, they find Sean's mother telling them it is time to get ready for flying. Sean bids farewell to Puffin for spring. Sean's father arrives late, then the family take off. Meanwhile, Sean spots some doves while flying behind his family and wants to play. He ends up getting lost in a cloud cover and his wing clipped by the wing of a plane. After that, he falls from the sky landing in the water. Sean's mother looks around for him, leaving the father with his two smaller siblings. Sean makes it out of the river he fell in. While wandering around, he meets up with a wise brown rodent named Voley, who has some techniques he tries to assist in getting Sean into the sky to catch up with his family. None of them work, but Voley tells some tales about being an astronaut and having a story in the newspapers about him once. Meanwhile, Sean’s mother is unable to find Sean by the lake. She spots the fox and sees two white feathers and assumes the fox had devoured Sean. She feels at fault and goes off to find her family in the sky. Voley tells Sean that music is grass, showing him how to hold the grass, fill his cheeks and blow. Next the two are dancing to the flute music with a herd of lambs behind them. All of a sudden, the music stops and the lambs leave due to the first snow flake falling down from the sky. This tickles Sean who has never seen snow before and thinks he and Voley will wait for spring together. Voley then walks over to a tree and starts poking fun at the squirrels up above which results in nuts and berries being thrown down from the tree. Voley snatches them up telling Sean this will be his food for the winter. Then he rides on the lambs gathering wool to keep Sean warm for the winter. Shortly the fox comes and gives chase. They stumble on an old ship where they spend the night. Before Voley leaves he tells Sean to look for the lambs since they are the first sign of spring arriving. A windy snowstorm comes and Sean settles in a boot left behind in the snow. The next morning, Sean has a difficult time getting around in the snow with his webbed feet and spots something in the snow. Puffin got lost in the cloud cover also and is frozen stiff. Sean then drags Puffin back to the boat sharing his nuts and berries and teaching Puffin how to play music with the grass. One morning, Sean takes a peek out of the boot to come face to face with a lamb. This is the signal for spring and the two friends search for their families. They run into the fox again only this time Sean bites his nose. Sean and Puffin run onto the ship but are cornered by the fox. Suddenly Voley arrives, but the fox then grabs him and tosses him to another side of the ship. The fox comes after Sean chasing him off the ship where the only place to go is the water. While Sean is sliding down the hill to land in the water, he takes flight and escapes the fox, who tumbles into the water. So happy in outsmarting the fox, Sean flies over to the ship to tell Voley who is still laying in the spot the fox tossed him. Puffin then spots his family in the sky arriving home and calls out to them. Sean’s parents are again last to arrive due to the father forgetting his whistle. The flute music plays while Sean is reunited with his family.