The film begins with an agent code-named "Tiger"  conducting a mission in northern Iraq. India's top spy and an officer of India's Research and Analysis Wing , Tiger is forced to kill one of his own men who has defected to Pakistan’s Inter-Services Intelligence . He subsequently kills many ISI agents in his escape. Then,Tiger returns to his house where he has been treated as a strange person because of his privacy and introvert nature in his neighbourhood. Tiger reports to his boss, Shenoy  in New Delhi. He is immediately sent on a mission to Dublin, Ireland, to observe a scientist of Indian origin, Professor Anwar Jamaal Kidwai , who teaches at the Trinity College and is suspected of sharing his findings with the Pakistan defense establishment. Fellow RAW agent Gopi  accompanies Tiger on this mission. Tiger meets the scientist but fails to spend enough time for his observance, and instead begins to spend time with scientist's caretaker Zoya , who is studying at a local dance academy. He tries to befriend Zoya in desire of information, and he begins to discover his human side as he grows closer to her. Despite repeated warnings from Gopi not to fall in love, Tiger later falls in love with Zoya, Before expressing his feelings to her during his visit to dance academy he founds that in reality she is the ISI Agent and refuses to cheat his country. In spite of killing, he let her go back. By a message sent to him from Zoya they meet newly during an peace conference of Government from all over the world in Istanbul and decide to leave everything for their love and fooles their respective agencies by taken their flight to Cuba while they earlier revealed it to be Kazakhstan. Then in Cuba, They again traced by their agencies and zoya is caught by ISI agents. Tiger meets Gopi who is already searching him and make him agree to save Zoya from ISI agents and finally they succeed in stiff run and chase battle. Tiger and Zoya then escape by a plane. After that, Tiger calls Shenoy. Shenoy tell them that they will find both but Tiger give him the message that "They will return the day when Pakistan and India will not have the need of ISI and RAW", which is the Principal message of the Movie.