Johnny Worricker  is a long-serving MI5 officer whose closest friend is also his boss, the Director General of MI5, Benedict Baron . Baron dies of a heart attack at his country home where he lives with his wife  and step daughter . Baron's death comes shortly after distributing a highly explosive report to Johnny and Jill Tankard  and then sharing it with the Home Secretary . At the meeting with the Home Secretary, Worricker verbally highlights a note at the foot of page eight alleging that the Prime Minister  is aware that the US administration has been torturing prisoners in secret overseas prisons, and had knowledge of the locations of the prisons. The implication is that the PM had intelligence information that he did not share with the security services, that might have saved British lives. Johnny feels compelled to carry out the unspoken but obvious wishes of Baron to make the content of the report public. Tankard does not support his actions because she is secretly working for the Prime Minister's office, running a politicized "cowboy" intelligence operation for him. The Prime Minister orders the report to be buried and announces plans to replace MI5 with a US style Homeland Security organization. The Home Secretary's silence is bought by promoting her to Deputy Prime Minister. Also, Johnny finds out that Tankard funded her son privately to monitor Johnny's life. At the same time, Johnny has an encounter with his political activist neighbor Nancy Pierpan . As they grow to know each other , they appear to create two subtly handled relationships which appear to be paradoxical. One relationship is the suspected/expected story of a woman motivated by seeking justice for her brother - a protester who was, cold-bloodedly, killed by the Israeli army - by using an MI5 agent which is overtly discussed throughout the drama by several characters, such as Johnny's trusted associate, named Rollo. The second relationship, which is conducted simultaneously yet not overtly discussed, is one of radical honesty and love between Johnny and Nancy even about the nature of their possibly staged relationship. Through skillful dialogue whether one or both the relationships are the truth, is left for the eavesdroppers within the story to determine: the government via Tankard listening in; and is not clear to viewers. In the end, Johnny is forced to walk out of his job to uncover the truth. Before leaving, he gives Nancy a painting (by [[Christopher Wood  from his valuable art collection. After his disappearance, she hears information on TV that the British government had known all along about her brother's death but did nothing about it. Nancy realizes it has been leaked to the media by Johnny, and sees the painting as a clue to his destination which Tankard would not be able to discern.