The story, written by director Robert Guédiguian and Jean-Louis Milesi, takes its inspiration from the poem Les pauvres gens [Poor People]  one of the best known of Victor Hugo's poems from his three-volume poetry collection, La Légende des siècles [The Legend of the Centuries]. Michel , lives happily with Marie-Claire , his wife of nearly 30 years. A dedicated CGT ([[General Confederation of Labour  trade unionist, he is charged with calling out the names in a draw in the shipyard to select who will be among the 20 workers to be made redundant. Though he did not need to place his own name in the bin, he did so and it is drawn, and so he loses his job along with the 19 others. His fellow workers and his family organize a party for his 30th wedding anniversary and present them with travel money and a ticket to Tanzania to visit Mount Kilimanjaro. They sing Pascal Danel's hit song Kilimandjaro known in French as "Les Neiges du Kilimandjaro" . Raoul, Michel's brother-in-law, workmate and fellow trade union official presents him with a treasured but long-lost comic book from Michel's childhood, which Raoul says he found in a secondhand bookshop. Before they leave for their holiday, they are brutally robbed while at home playing cards with Raoul , and Raoul's wife, Denise . Michel is injured in the brutal attack and Denise becomes seriously disturbed from the trauma. One of the two robbers takes the comic book. Michel is on a bus when he sees two children reading the comic book stolen from him in the robbery. Following them, he recognises their older brother Christophe  as one his fellow redundant workers. He identifies Christophe to the police and watches his arrest. Gradually, Michel and Marie-Claire discover that Christophe is caring for his two younger brothers, neglected for years by their mother. Michel has second thoughts and wants to withdraw his accusation, but to no avail as the case cannot be withdrawn. In the spirit of his hero, the French socialist leader Jean Jaures, he decides to try to help the two younger brothers, only to discover that Marie-Claire has beaten him to it and is already secretly taking care of the children. They realise that it is their shared ideals that bind their relationship and, after hard arguments with their own, grown-up, children and with Raoul, they take the two boys into their home to look after them while their brother serves a long sentence. Raoul admits that he didn't find the comic book in a secondhand bookshop at all, but had stolen it from Michel when they were children.