At a time when Mumbai Police, headed by Police Commissioner , announce that the much dreaded Mafia Raj is completely wiped out in the city, and there are no under world Bhai’s in Mumbai, a rookie named Surya  lands in the country’s commercial capital with an intention to become a Mafia Don. His friend, Brahmaji receives him and brings him to Dharavi. He offers him shelter and tells him that he would soon fetch him a job so that he can settle down in life. But Surya wants to carve an identity for himself, by reorganizing Mumbai's Mafia Raj and eventually rule Mumbai. He then mocks as a cop and gets his first bounty and then he forms a gang of his own. Surya meets up with a local politician Laalu  who is in trouble and offers him help. Surya begins recruiting criminals and gangsters in Mumbai and starts to extort people for money. He slowly gains momentum and in the process becomes popular and feared among the people. Meanwhile, he also knowingly tries to get romantically involved with Chitra , daughter of the police commissioner. In the process, he actually falls for the girl and tries for her acceptance. In the course of the film, Surya become popular among Dharavi's locals. He comes across as an extortionist, a baron, a philanthropist and an entrepreneur. His friendship with Laalu gets stronger and so does his political connections. Surya sets up a company named Surya Exports & Imports which would act as a front for the organized crime that they indulge in. Surya reveals his plan to grow his network of organized crime all over India. He begins to set up branch offices for Surya Exports & Imports in all major cities, towns and villages all over India. He recruits local gangsters for staff and begins to forcefully collect two percent tax on every contract done in that area. Eventually Surya grows to be a billionaire and later reveals to the police commissioner that he never wanted money but only power. He claims that he believes in war but not morality and that the crime rate dropped significantly after he started to recruit all the gangsters. He also states that he wants to rid India of crime and help the needy. Surya also helps Laalu to become the Mayor of Mumbai by defeating Arun Ghokle  who is backed up by Jai Dev , a powerful national politician. Eventually Arun Ghokle goes against Jai Dev and talks to the police about Jai Dev's illegal activities. Jai Dev kills the police commissioner and Chitra becomes devastated by it. Surya reveals to her that he was an American born Indian who looses his philanthropist Non-resident Indian father at an early age. His parents were the victims of Political corruption and were cheated and killed by Jai Dev. This incident and the attitude of people towards an orphan while growing up made him hate the society. In his pursuit of power and achieving his goal of getting India rid of crime he shifts his attention towards the upcoming Indian parliament elections. He with the help of Laalu meets up with Guru Govind Patel , head of the opposition party. He makes a deal with him and offers him {{INR}}35000 crores for election campaigning and also promises him that he would make him the prime minister of India. Surya uses the money and starts to make an impact on the elections. He spends millions on every constituency in India and also makes Jai Dev unable to contest in the elections. After knowing that Jai dev has kidnapped Chitra to seek revenge on him, he fights of the Jai Dev's goons and eventually kills him and saves Chitra. It is shown at the end that he had successfully installed Guru Govind Patel as the prime minister of India and is seen with Chitra, who accepts his love.