 Sixteen-year-old Umi Matsuzaki  lives in Coquelicot Manor, a boarding house overlooking the Port of Yokohama in Japan. Her mother Ryoko  is a medical professor studying abroad in the United States. Umi runs the house and looks after her younger siblings Sora  and Riku  and her grandmother Hana . College student Sachiko Hirokouji  and doctor-in-training Miki Hokuto  also live there. Each morning, Umi raises a set of signal flags with the message "I pray for safe voyages". A poem about the flags being raised by a local girl is published in the school newspaper. Shun Kazama , the poem's author, witnesses the flags from sea as he rides a tugboat to school. Umi meets Shun when he participates in a daredevil stunt for the newspaper, leaving Umi with a negative first impression. Later, Umi accompanies Sora to obtain Shun's autograph at the Quartier Latin, an old and dilapidated building housing the high school's clubs. Umi discovers Shun publishes the school newspaper, with his friend Shirō Mizunuma , the school's student government president. She ends up helping on the newspaper. Umi is in the audience when Shun takes part in a lively debate on the future of the building, which may be demolished. At Umi's suggestion, the female student body helps renovate the building. At Umi's house, she shows Shun a photograph of three young naval men; one of the three men is her late father Yūichirō Sawamura, who was killed in the Korean War. Shun begins isolating himself from Umi; he has the same photograph, and thinks that they may be half-siblings. Umi is hurt by Shun's response, though he eventually reveals the news. The renovation of Quartier Latin is complete; however, the board of education decides to go ahead with demolishing the building. In desperation, the students nominate Shun, Umi, and Shirō to visit Tokyo and meet with Tokumaru , a businessman and chairman of the school board. The trio travels through the city, which is in preparation for the 1964 Summer Olympics, and successfully convince Tokumaru to visit Quartier Latin. On their way home, Shirō leaves Umi and Shun. Umi professes her love to Shun, in spite of their situation, and he reciprocates her feelings. Arriving home late that evening, Umi discovers her mother has at last returned from overseas. Ryoko reveals that Shun's father was Hiroshi Tachibana - the second man in the photograph. Tachibana was killed in accident on a repatriation ships. Shun's mother died in childbirth. Yūichirō registered the child as his own, to avoid leaving Shun as an orphan in the confused post-War years. However, Ryoko could not raise Shun, as she was pregnant with Umi during her time as a medical student. As a result, Shun was given to the Kazamas, a local couple who had lost their newborn at the time. Umi, however, still has concerns. The next day, Tokumaru arrives in Yokohama. Impressed by the students' efforts in renovating Quartier Latin, the chairman decides to abandon the demolition. However, Umi and Shun are called away from the celebrations and rush to the harbor. They meet Yoshio Onodera , now a ship's Captain, who was the third man in the photograph, and the sole survivor of the three. Onodera confirms that Umi and Shun are not related by blood, and tells the full story of the three naval men in the previous era. With everything resolved, Umi returns to Coquelicot Manor and happily resumes her morning routine of raising the flags.