Abu  and Aishumma  are an elderly Moplah Muslim couple living in Kerala's Malabar region. Their aspiration is to go for Hajj, the pilgrimage to Mecca, and they sacrifice to achieve this aim. Their son Sattar has migrated to the Middle East  with his family and has virtually discarded his parents. Now in their late 70s, the couple decide to go for Hajj that year.  Abu sells attar , religious books and Unani medicines that nobody seems to want nowadays. Aishumma breeds cattle and hens, helping her husband realise their shared dream. Abu feels as outdated and discarded by a fast-changing world as the traditional products that he sells. A school teacher , Abu's friend, comes to his aid at his time of need. Hyder , a local teashop owner also empathises with Abu who in turn is frequently given genuine advice by a mysterious saint known simply as "Ustad" . Good-natured people try to help Abu by offering to loan him the amount, but as this goes against the accepted Islamic practices, he refuses to take anything. With the advancing years, Abu's desperation also grows. Finally, in frustration and distress, Abu sells his cow and old jackfruit tree. Abu is helped by the manager of a travel agency ([[Mukesh  to get flight tickets and other documents for his journey. A policeman  initially tries to reject Abu's passport application, but once he gets his usual bribe he becomes quite helpful. The couple begins their preparations which include attending the Hajj preparation classes conducted by the travel agency, being vaccinated for meningococcal meningitis and buying new Ihram clothing. Abu pays off even the smallest of his old debts as part of the preparations and travels miles to seek forgiveness from Sulaiman, a previous neighbour with whom he once fought. When the passports and the tickets are ready and a bus journey away in Kozhikode, the sawmill owner , while handing over the money for Abu's tree, says that its wood turned out to be rotten and useless. He insists that Abu still take the money, however, since his cause is noble. Abu refuses it, saying that it wouldn't be halal and hence could anger God. When he is sure that he cannot fulfill his dream, Abu reaches another conclusion&nbsp;&ndash; that the tree too had life, and several lives must have died when he cut the tree in front of his house. Abu conjectures that that maybe one of the reasons for his not being able to go on the journey. On the dawn of the Hajj, Abu tells his wife that they will go the next year; he plants a new sapling of a jackfruit tree and is seen going to the mosque to pray on the morning of Hajj.