With the storyline based primarily on the first game in the Ace Attorney series , the series' signature style is combined with a courtroom drama. Rookie defense attorney Phoenix Wright strives to protect his clients in various murder trials, including the death of his mentor, Mia Fey and the accusation of rival prosecutor, Miles Edgeworth. Wright's greatest ally is Mia's younger sister Maya Fey, a spirit medium whose body is possessed by Mia to communicate with him. Wright is later given the task of solving the DL-6 case, a murder that has not been solved for 15 years. He will also go against Manfred von Karma, a prosecuting attorney who has not lost a case in 40 years. Sci-fi elements are also used, such as characters bringing up holographic images of evidence during trials.http://kotaku.com/5857353/could-phoenix-wright-be-the-first-truly-great-game-movie/gallery/1  In the original game, there were four cases in total, namely: The First Turnabout, Turnabout Sisters, Turnabout Samurai, and Turnabout Goodbyes. The film however, only focuses primarily on Turnabout Sisters and Turnabout Goodbyes with slight differences in plot. The beginning of the film showed Phoenix Wright participating in The First Turnabout with Miles Edgeworth participating in Turnabout Samurai concurrently. This is different from the game, whereby Turnabout Samurai takes place a few weeks after The First Turnabout. In addition, Phoenix Wright was not the defending attorney in Turnabout Samurai, instead the defending attorney was played by a miscellaneous character in the film. For the Turnabout Sisters segment of the film, there were numerous differences. Firstly, in the game the eyewitness was April May, however in the film the eye-witness was Redd White. The segment also excluded numerous details from the game, including the series of events with regards to the DL-6 Incident that took place outside of court were all not portrayed. Following that, during Turnabout Goodbyes, White was to be called upon by Wright as a witness in a trial unfortunately White was poisoned in jail. In the game, there was no mention about White following his arrest in Turnabout Sisters. For the DL-6 Incident, the murder of Gregory Edgeworth did not take place in a lift like in the game, rather it took place in the court's evidence room. In the game, Yanni Yogi was just an innocent Baliff who happened to be in the lift at the same time as the Edgeworths, but in the film Yogi was confronting Gregory Edgeworth in the evidence room who was trying to illegally retrieve evidence.