In Lagrange, Ohio, Curtis LaForche ([[Michael Shannon  has apocalyptic dreams of being harmed by people close to him, but he keeps them from his wife Samantha  and their deaf daughter Hannah . He focuses on building a storm shelter in his backyard, but the strange behavior strains his relationship with his family. Curtis goes to see a counselor at a free clinic, with whom he talks about his family's psychological history. His mother  suffers from paranoid schizophrenia, which presented about the same age that Curtis is now. Curtis borrows some equipment from his job, including a backhoe, and gets a home improvement loan to start building the shelter in his backyard, all without telling his wife; and she becomes angry when she discovers him working on the project. After Curtis takes more than the prescribed dose of the sedative and suffers a seizure, his wife calls an ambulance. He quickly recovers and explains the entire situation to her. As he works on treatment for his daughter, he begins to miss more work. His boss confronts him about this and finally comes to his house, having been informed about the borrowed equipment. He fires Curtis and levies two weeks unpaid leave on Dewart , a co-worker who has been helping Curtis build the shelter. He buys gas masks for his family and continues work on the shelter, extending his previous health insurance policy for a few weeks. His counselor is replaced and he has to start over with a new one; he storms out of the office. Curtis and his wife fight over his being fired, but she decides to stay, to get him to see an actual psychiatrist, and for both of them to get jobs. He and Dewart run into each other at a community gathering, where they start to fight. Curtis winds up screaming to the room about a storm that is coming and that none of them is prepared. Some time later, a tornado warning sends him with his daughter and wife into the shelter. After they awaken, Curtis reluctantly removes his gas mask, prompted by Samantha. They go to open the shelter doors, but he says he still hears a storm outside and feels it through the door. His wife implores him that there's no storm and that he needs to open the door for the family. After a tense standoff, he throws open the doors into the blinding sun; a minor storm has passed and his neighbors are cleaning up debris. A therapist tells them to go through with their planned beach vacation but that Curtis will need to undergo real therapy when he returns. At Myrtle Beach, while Curtis is playing with Hannah, she signs the word "storm." As Samantha exits the house, the thick, yellow rain that Curtis experienced in his dreams begins to fall. She looks up to see a storm brewing over the ocean, waterspouts reach down, and the tide pulls back as a tsunami grows in the distance.{{cite web}}