Nine people board an elevator in a skyscraper building on their way to a company party: a security guard , a television reporter and her fiance , a comedian , an elderly lady , a fat employee , a pregnant woman , the building owner  and his ten-year-old granddaughter . On the way up, George, a claustrophobic, starts freaking out and on the 49th floor, Madeline hits the emergency stop button to agitate the comedian's claustrophobia. Henry presses the call button and alerts security. Jane says that her son died in Iraq in the last year, confronts Henry and says her husband lost everything because he invested in bonds with Barton Investments, which turned out to devalue to almost nothing. Due to her anger at Henry, she planned on "making a point" at a party the owner was hosting. Suddenly, Jane dies of a heart attack, but before she dies, she admits that she has a bomb with her. After a bunch of arguing, Celine winds up checking Jane's body and finds the bomb secured around her waist via a bike lock. After investigating the body, Celine lights a cigarette and takes a puff, to which Don says that she shouldn't smoke since she's pregnant. Celine swats his hands away, saying in frustration "since when did you become a concerned father?!" Maureen picks up on this comment, and Don confesses that he's the father of Celine's unborn child, which happened while they were working late together one evening. Henry once again calls security, but he angers them and they stop responding. Maureen documents the events with her phone and sends them to her television station, which picks up the story and starts running the footage she captured. Don attempts to climb out of the elevator via opening the doors and climbing through the small opening leading to the 49th floor. The opening is too small so he attempts to press the elevator call button on the floor's wall using the elderly lady's walking cane. While he does this, Madeline starts freaking out and repeatedly presses a button on the elevator control panel. This causes the elevator's brakes to disengage and drop several floors, severing Don's right arm off above the elbow. Mohammed ties a tie around it to try and slow the blood loss. George suggests that they attempt to pry open the doors again to see if the elevator has lined up with a floor in their drop, but they discover they've dropped between floors. Martin brings up the local news on his phone, and they watch a live interview with the bombmaker. The bombmaker was good friends with Jane's son who perished in Iraq and felt that he "owed one to his family. When Jane asked him to build the bomb for her, he did, and it was equipped with a 2-hour timer that Jane had activated before she left the bombmaker's apartment. He then informed the news crew, and in turn the people in the elevator, that there's only about 10 minutes left until it detonates. Desperate, the eight remaining people proceed to dismember Jane's body in an attempt to separate her from the bomb and throw it down the shaft. While they are trying to tear the bomb off, a security guard comes on the intercom and tells them that the bomb squad is there and lowering the elevator to create an opening to allow everyone to escape. Finally, they are able to open the doors and a small opening towards the top of the elevator is made. They quickly help one another through the opening, but when only Martin is left, he knows that the opening isn't big enough for him to fit through. George desperately tries to convince the SWAT members to raise the elevator so they can get Martin out, but they say they can't and will lower the elevator to the basement and get him out there. Martin releases the doors and begins to weep, knowing his death is imminent. He regains composure and says "So I get to be the hero.", knowing that he helped everybody survive. We see the elevator continue to lower through the shaft, with the bomb detonating. George and Mohammad have a brief discussion outside the building about what lies ahead for them. A news reporter asks George how he stayed so brave during the ordeal, to which George lies and said he had to stay calm for everybody there, then races off after a phone call from his wife  to pick something up from the store as Mohammad looks on.