Sylvester has once again been "blackballed" from membership to the Loyal Order of Alley Cats Mouse and Chowder Club, a fraternity of alley cats. Meanwhile, Hippety Hopper escapes from a cage at the local city zoo office and hides in a trash can. The Grandmaster Cat, digging through the trash to find food, expresses his frustration aloud at not being able to find anything good to eat and says he could eat the largest mouse possible ... at which time he finds Hippety. Meanwhile, Sylvester makes one last attempt to gain membership into the Loyal Order. The Grand Master – seeing Sylvester as a sucker – offers to let Sylvester join if he can place a big bell around the neck of the largest mouse he can find, so the cats can pounce on the mouse when they hear him coming. Sylvester and Hippety quickly meet, and the following gags occur : * Sylvester simply tries to place the bell around Hippety's neck, but the kangaroo kicks the cat. The bell winds up around Sylvester's neck, earning him his first beating. * The cat hides in a delivery cart, with two bells around its frame. Hippety accidentally knocks the parked wagon's handle, causing it to careen down a steep hill. The other alley cats hide to ambush what they think is the giant mouse, but instead smash the cart  into bits. * Sylvester finds Hippety hiding in a junkyard and tries to use a teeter totter to catapult his antagonist into a wall. But Hippety won't budge , and the cat smashes into a wall ... next to a stoplight that sounds a bell-type sound when the lights change. Sylvester knows what this means and tries to hide on the stoplight ... but the cats still come to pound on him. In the end, Sylvester finally uses a mirror trick to get Hippety to place the bell around his neck. Sylvester is excited about finally one-upping his long-time nemesis and calls the cats into position. But by the time the cats are ready to pounce on the baby kangaroo-mistaken-for-a-giant-mouse, Hippety returns back to the zoo keepers. The oblivious cats end up jumping in front of the city zoo truck, literally getting injured in the process. Taking the opportunity, Sylvester now gets to serve as Loyal Order's Grand Master only to be "blackballed" again ... this time after declaring himself leader and pounding the gavel on the table too hard.