Rags follows the story of character Charlie Prince , his greedy, unloving stepfather, Arthur, his spoiled stepbrother, Andrew  and his nicer stepbrother Lloyd . The story also follows Kadee Worth , a superstar with an overprotective music mogul father, Reginald Worth  and Erma. The film begins with Shawn's  narration that leads into the opening scene, depicting a street performance by Charlie, as the character seeks a living wage. His brothers Andrew and Lloyd had formed a band called Androyd combining both their names. Everybody but the father thinks they're terrible. Shawn appears in the scene and observes Charlie perform a song entitled, Someday. Charlie is encouraged by Shawn afterwards, stating that the performer should record an album. Kadee is then shown performing and the audience is informed that Kadee is secretly frustrated with singing songs that other people have chosen for her; Kadee wants the world to hear and see her for who she truly is. The audience is then shown the karaoke venue that serves as Charlie's home and this setting also reveals the relationship dynamic between Charlie and his stepfather. The audience then sees Shawn intervene and help Charlie get formal employment as a janitor for Majesty Records. Charlie is then seen experimenting in the recording studio. Charlie is unaware that Shawn is inside the studio. Shawn then proceeds to record Charlie's singing. Shawn then decides that he will produce an demo for Charlie. Kadee follows Charlie to the pawn shop where Charlie discovers that Kadee isn't true to her music, knowing this he tries to help her. Kadee gives Charlie a party invitation to the Majesty Records' Masquerade, after helping her express her true self by having her sing her own music in public. Charlie, late for his curfew, sneaks in through the restroom window, where his stepfather waits for him. After walking away Arthur follows Charlie and snatches the invitation from him. Once seeing it's an invitation to Majesty Records' Masquerade he steals it from Charlie saying that instead of it going to waste, by letting Charlie go, he's going to use it to get "Androyd" into the party to perform, to make Reginald Worth regret rejecting them. Diego and Martha, who works for Charlie's stepfather, decide to help Charlie go to the party by making a suit for him out of stage curtains and make a mask from a blindfold for him so Arthur won't recognize him. At the party, Charlie  almost gets caught by his stepfather, dances with Kadee, and sings "Not So Different At All." Charlie also kisses Kadee, and, before leaving tells her "Be You." But before leaving he drops his demo , which Shawn gave him, and it's picked up by Kadee. The next day Kadee tries to talk her father into help her search for Rags, but he refuses, so instead she visits Charlie and presents him with music from Rags' demo, unaware that he is Rags. After that, he tries to tell Kadee that he's Rags, but she's listening to Rags' music and doesn't hear him. Later Lloyd confronts Charlie saying that he knows he is Rags, but instead of snitching him out he congratulates him and tries to get him to admit to Kadee that he is Rags. Andrew overhears their conversation and looks through Charlie's suitcase, and finds the lyrics to "Someday"  and shows it to Arthur. Charlie goes to the auditions to "help" Kadee find Rags there, before auditions start he tells her not to worry and tells her "Just Be You." Then his stepbrother, Andrew  shows up and tells him that his stepfather wants him. Arthur confronts him about Rags and congratulates him. Arthur then walks and locks Charlie in a closet but, when Charlie is banging on the door, Kadee's dog, Trumpet, overheard his banging on the door. He ran toward two of Kadee's friends to help Charlie. However it was too late. Andrew had already gone on and "proven" he is Rags. Charlie, devastated, is ready to move out and is about to leave when Kadee stops him and asks him to stay, at least until she introduces Rags. Kadee surprises everyone by saying that she knows Rags is really Charlie. Later Lloyd, having being betrayed by Arthur and Andrew, reveals that Charlie's mom had left the place  to Charlie not Arthur. Charlie and Kadee are on the stage standing together and the scene fades to another day where they are on the same stage, now boyfriend and girlfriend. Diego and Martha are both shown to run Charlie's shop, Lloyd is a backup dancer, and Arthur and Andrew are cleaning toilets. Charlie had gotten his "fairytale ending."