Oswald and a lady cat are canoeing in a river. While the rabbit rows, the cat plays a guitar and dances. One day, their ride was roughen by rocks protruding from the water, resulting Oswald to lose his oar, and the cat to lose her guitar. They were, however, able to make it safely to shore. Oswald then converted their boat into a car where they begin moving by road. After such a trip, Oswald took the cat home which is a tall condo building. Before the cat goes inside, Oswald asked her if they should be married to each other as well as having a dozen children. The cat considers this a possibility and agrees with Oswald. It then turns out that the cat also has a romantic relationship with a bloodhound who comes out of the condo. The bloodhound angrily kicks Oswald away and takes the cat inside, much to the rabbit's surprise. Still willing to pursue his dreams with the cat, Oswald elevates the carriage of his car above its chassis. He then moves the car to a condo window of a certain floor and attempts to serenade the cat with a trombone. Oswald's musical play prevailed as the cat showed up from the window. Suddenly, the cat was pulled back by the bloodhound who appears and attempts to punch him away. In response to this, Oswald pushes the grumpy dog back and picks up the cat using the slide of his instrument. Oswald and the cat then made a getaway in the car. Hating to lose cat, the bloodhound ties a rope around his waist and suspense himself under a passing eagle. He carries a rifle and goes forth to chase and shoot Oswald. Oswald and the cat are still in their the car with the carriage still elevated several feet above the ground. The bloodhound opened fire, and Oswald tried to cover himself using the trombone. One of the bloodhound's bullets, however, damaged a vital part in his vehicle, causing it to come down and halt. As Oswald attempts to run on foot, the bloodhound jumps down and prompts him to stop. The bloodhound then puts a tombstone, designated for Oswald, on the ground, and forces the rabbit to dig a grave. Oswald reluctantly picks up a shovel and digs. To their surprise, a fountain of oil started shooting upward from where Oswald was digging. In this, Oswald and the bloodhound gave up their rivalry and became good friends. They and the cat became rich and happy.