The story revolves around Simran  who is a Canadian NRI working as a manager at a local cafeteria in Chandigarh. JB , Goldy , and Pinka Bhoond , are three of the four main characters who chase Simran all through the movie. All three of them are more interested in Canada than in Simran. Smeep on the other hand actually loves Simran from the deepness of his heart. He fell for her beauty since the time he saw her for the first time three years ago during Simran's hotel management course. Since then, he has lost track of her whereabouts, but he still keeps a greeting card that he had bought for her three years ago. Smeep and Goldy are roommates and live in Chandigarh as well. Goldy finds an ad in classified section of a Punjabi newspaper about a NRI Canadian girl looking for a suitable match. He immediately gets excited and leaves for her address which happens to be a restaurant. Goldy doesn't want to make it obvious for Simran about his intentions of marrying her for Canada. So he tries to be friends with her before proposing her. He is successful in becoming friends with her. On other hand, Smeep also finds the whereabouts of Simran with the help of 'Bhabhi' detective. He also reaches the same restaurant and is very happy to meet Simran after so long. Simran also seems very happy to see him. This leads to rivalry between Smeep and Goldy. A series of crazy events add to the humor of the movie. While they're busy trying to impress Simran, JB enters the scene. He is a middle-aged man and is very quickly successful in impressing Simran. He quickly becomes her friend. Goldy and Smeep try to bring his true colors in front of Simran, but are unsuccessful in front of JB's intelligence. They accept the fact that there are three players in the game. Pinka Bhoond enters the story right when Smeep and Goldy are discussing tactics to deal with JB. Pinka Bhoond in the disguise of a very rich businessman Rattan Singh Tata arrives in a chauffeur driven Mercedes. Simran happens to be his friend as well and they both get very insecure because of his money and power. Later, Smeep and Goldy are successful in bringing him to his real worth in front of Simran, but this doesn't help their cause of getting him out of the race for Simran. Later, Smeep discovers from a stammering servant of Simran that she is getting married in Bathinda. All four of the guys get really disappointed. Smeep leaves for his home in Bathinda to help deal with the pain. The other three guys meet in Bathinda as well in order to break the wedding. When the plan to call the wedding is in execution, they all discover that its Simran's aunt Harsimran  who's getting married to Jaspal Bhatti and not Simran. When Simran learns about this, she thinks that all four of them were involved in this plan. She gets really angry and breaks her friendship with all of them. Finally JB, Goldy and Pink accept their mistake and tell the facts to Simran. They tell her about true feelings of Smeep. Simran finds it very sweet and then tells Smeep that she also loves him. Harsimran and Jaspal Bhatti give their garlands to Smeep and Simran to make their love official. In the background, a lady from Vancouver is heard saying she'd like a son-in-law like Smeep. JB, Goldy, and Pinka overhear this and start their next mission.