It is Christmas time on Sesame Street. Snuffy, Big Bird's best friend, departs for Cincinnati to visit his grandmother for the holiday, and promises to return the day after Christmas. While Elmo falls asleep on Christmas Eve watching TV, Santa Claus gets lodged halfway up his chimney. By freeing him, Elmo is granted the privilege of choosing a gift. When Elmo chooses a magical snow globe instead of a pink teddy bear, he is granted three wishes. Using the snow globe, Elmo wishes for a glass of water because he is thirsty. Elmo's next wish is more significant to the plot of the story: "Elmo wishes it was Christmas every day." This proves to be a very costly mistake. Suddenly, all the businesses are permanently closed for Christmas. Snuffy is gone all year, visiting his grandmother out of town, making Big Bird extremely depressed. There is nothing playing on TV but It's a Wonderful Life. Carolers carol and children exchange gifts. At the urging of Santa Claus, Lightning, one of Santa's reindeer-in-training, uses his speed to take Elmo into the future to see what Christmas is like in the spring, summer and to the following December 25. The Count becomes "all Christmassed out" and furious at Elmo, and so does the rest of Sesame Street. The carolers lose their voices from constant caroling. Big Bird is upset, as he misses Snuffy, who has been in Cincinnati for an entire year. Luis finally closes up the Fix-It Shop for good. Santa is retired and should move to Florida. After regretting his second wish, Elmo decides on his final wish , shaking his snow globe rapidly: "Elmo wishes that everything on Sesame Street was the way it used to be, when Christmas was only once a year." Oscar tries to intervene, but Maria furiously demands silence from him and pleads for Elmo to fix the whole issue. The globe flies out of Elmo's hand and breaks. Luis laments, "It's Christmas...forever!", and Big Bird says, "Goodbye, Snuffy." Elmo and Lightning go back in time to the Christmas on which Elmo wished it was Christmas every day, erasing everyone's memories . After saving Santa for the second time, Elmo chooses the pink bear, but Santa immediately offers him a new gift, the "Moo Bunny", a half-cow, half-rabbit plush toy. Big Bird is reunited with Snuffy early, because just as he was about to leave for Cincinnati, his grandmother came to Sesame Street instead for Christmas. The show closes with its final song: "Keep Christmas With You All Through the Year", which was also featured on Christmas Eve on Sesame Street. Elmo learns though that although Christmas can't be every day, it's important to have the spirit of Christmas every day.