Maisie Revere  loses her job as an assistant in Horatio Curley's dog act as a result of a minor quarrel with test pilot "Breezy" McLaughlin ([[James Craig . Breezy gets Curley a job at the airplane company where he works and offers to use his influence on Maisie's behalf too. However, she insists she can get a job there on her own merits. She lands on the swing shift at the aircraft manufacturing factory. Breezy does, however, get her a room at Maw Lustvogel's  boarding house. Despite her initial dislike for him, Maisie starts falling in love. Maisie stops a suicide attempt by failed actress Iris Reed , who lives across the hall, and persuades her to get a job in the same place. Her kindness backfires on her when Breezy is more attracted to Iris. The two soon become engaged. When Breezy gets his wish to join the Air Force, he asks Maisie to look after Iris while he is away being trained. Maisie finds this a difficult task, as Iris turns out to like men altogether too much. When Iris gets fired, she uses her feminine charms to get Judd Evans, a factory clerk, to pay the rent for an apartment in his building. She skips out without paying Maw the back rent she owes, even though Maisie gives her $20 to do so, and she has gotten a large money order from Breezy. Maisie finds Judd comforting Iris after another "suicide attempt". She orders Iris to tell Breezy that she no longer loves him when he comes home on leave to marry her. However, Iris secretly accuses Maisie of suspicious behavior to the factory's security department. While Maisie is being questioned, Iris and Breezy drive to Reno to get married. Maisie cleverly confesses to being a saboteur and implicates Iris and Breezy as fellow agents. They are stopped by the police, but let go after Breezy produces his identification. However, Breezy learns that Maisie is being held, even though Iris told him that she left to attend the funeral of an aunt. Having learned of Iris's shady character, Breezy goes back to Maisie. She is initially unwilling to take him back, but eventually gives in.