The three finalists for Plaything Magazine's "Centerfold of the Year" are Inga , Betty  and Angel Grace . During a photoshoot, Betty makes some rather scathing remarks regarding Angel's appearance. Angel becomes self-conscious, and goes to Dr. Lindstrom at his clinic. Angel had taken beauty enhancing treatments previously, but now wants to get back on the program. Though Lindstrom warns her that any additional doses could be fatal, Angel still pleads to be put back on the program. Dr. Lindstrom gives her a case with several vials, cautioning her to only take one a day. That night, Angel takes her first vial. The result of it causes her breasts to increase in size. Shortly thereafter, Angel, Betty and Inga go to the Plaything Mansion, and meet Bob Gordon, the founder of Plaything Magazine. The night before the photoshoot with all the girls, the shoot's photographer Mark  tries to sleep with each of the girls. Though Betty and Inga shoot him down, Angel gives into his sweet talk. Angel accidentally oversleeps and misses the beginning of the photoshoot. As she checks herself in the mirror, she realizes that she didn't take a vial the previous day, and wrinkles are settling in. In an act of desperation, she takes 3–5 vials. The overdose causes her to pass out for just a moment. When she reawakens, she has grown easily 1–2 feet taller than normal. Angel is oblivious, even though her high heels and bikini seem smaller. Making her way to the photoshoot, Angel and the girls begin posing for Mark, before Angel suddenly faints. While Mark, Betty and Inga go to alert Gordon, Mark's assistant Wilson  stays behind. When the group returns, Wilson and Angel are gone. Wilson emerges from behind a nearby cliff, followed by Angel, now over 60 feet tall. Sometime afterward, a circus tent is set up for Angel, who is still upset at her sudden growth spurt. Back at the Plaything Mansion, Mark and Gordon plot to use Angel's size as a major selling point for the magazine, and then turn her over to the government for experimentation. Wilson overhears the conversation, and confronts Mark about the plan; Mark shrugs off Wilson's concerns. Over the next couple days, Mark tries to win over Angel's embarrassment at being a giantess, in hopes that they can conduct her '60-foot photoshoot'. He explains that Gordon has arranged for a specialist to come in and help her, and that they have tried to call Dr. Lindstrom for her, but haven't been able to reach him. Wilson one night sneaks into Angel's tent, and explains what he overheard. It is here that Wilson finally confesses his love for Angel, and his concern over Mark and Gordon's plan. After the conversation, Angel wanders out into the nearby desert to think. The next day, Wilson manages to get a hold of Dr. Lindstrom, who agrees to come up to the Mansion to see Angel. As he finishes the conversation, Mark finds a rough-copy of the next issue of Plaything, with a 3–6 page spread, promising Plaything's 'Biggest Centerfold Yet.' Betty finds the issue and grows angry that Angel appears to have trumped her. Some distance away from the Mansion, Mark has finally convinced Angel to do the photoshoot, taking pictures of her as she bathes in a wooden watertower. Betty, hellbent on revenge, tries to recruit Inga to her cause, but gets no sympathy. Sneaking into Angel's room, Betty finds Angel's case from the Lindstrom clinic, and takes some of the vials. Angel meanwhile, has finished her shoot in the watertank and is snuggling with Mark, when Gordon and Wilson meet up with her. Gordon continues his lie about a specialist coming, when Wilson finally exposes them as liars in front of Angel. Angel grows upset at being lied to, but the mood is shattered when Betty appears, having grown to 60&nbsp;ft. Angel and Betty begin fighting, just as Dr. Lindstrom arrives. Lindstrom tries to administer a tranquilizer dart on Angel, but it instead ends up striking Betty, who pulls it out and throws it at Gordon. Angel and Betty then continue their fight which eventually leads them to downtown Los Angeles. As Lindstrom, Mark and Wilson arrive, the girls have sent a myriad of people running down the darkened streets. Wilson uses Lindstrom's special antidote, which shrinks Angel and Betty back to normal. Angel happily decks Betty, whom Mark runs to. Wilson goes to Angel's side, and the two embrace. Mark meanwhile, forcibly tries to kiss Betty, who explodes, due to an instability with the antidote.