The Lamp’s introductory scenes suggest the film is a tall tale steeped in mythology and exaggerated mayhem that parody slasher films of the 1990s. The picture opens on board a cargo ship sailing from the Middle East ' bound for the old shipping seaport of Galveston, Texas. On deck, dead sailors litter the planks. One crate that appears to have been ripped open from the inside indicates that it was bound for a Houston museum. The silence of the fogbound night is broken by cries of pain near stairs leading into the ship’s hold. A young Arab woman ', struggles to pull herself up the ship’s stairwell as a heavy booted man passes her by. As she raises her arm to stop him, jewels on a golden bracelet emit a faint tinkle and eerie glow before dropping from her wrist as she dies. A ship’s captain ' rushes through scattered cargo and down the ship’s plank. He clings to a burlap wrapped package as he scurries along the dock and then stumbles into a heavy stack of crates. A peculiar sound like that of a cat mixed with a wolf’s growl causes the panicked man to spin around whereupon he recognizes the source of his fear. The camera cuts away as a massive amount of blood and gore splash across the cargo crates.  Beside the Captain’s body is the unfurled burlap wrap stretching along the wooden plank walkway. At its end, lies an old lamp, reminiscent of the Arabian magic lamp stories of Aladdin or Ali Baba. However, this lamp conveys an appearance of evil rather than best wishes. Abruptly, tiny hands of a little girl enter the scene and remove the lamp. On her wrist is the shimmering tinkling bracelet. The film’s setting dissolves to the early 1980s where the lamp is discovered by policemen investigating the murder of an elderly Arabic woman ' and three would be robbers. Inside the home, two officers, Detective Adams ' and Detective Charles ', investigate the crime scene. Charles spots the lamp, lifts it and peers inside. From the old lantern’s interior, a “presence” observes the two and begins traveling up the spout when Charles finding the lamp’s bright ruby insert, re-plugs the opening and tosses the object aside. The antique lamp is transferred to the Houston Museum of Natural Science along with the jeweled bracelet, found near the body of the murdered Arab woman. Dr. Al Wallace ', the museum’s curator and his assistant Dr. Theo Bressling ', examine the lamp but are interrupted by Wallace’s teenage daughter Alex '. Alex reminds her father of the upcoming Museum visit by her high school class the following day. When her father and Dr. Bressling leave for an administrative meeting, Alex is left alone with the lamp. She discovers the bracelet, admires it and tries it on. When she tries to remove it, she cannot. For the rest of the day and following morning she attempts to conceal the ornament under a long sleeve blouse. Eve Ferrell ' is one of Alex’s teachers who dates her father on a regular basis. Eve takes her senior class on a field trip to Dr. Wallace’s museum. Once at the museum, strange things ensue. The lamp summons Alex via her bracelet and when she enters her father’s office she discovers the lamp. As one under a “spell”, Alex rubs it causing the lamp's ruby insert to glow and twist in the small socket at the end of the lamp. She removes the insert whereupon she is met and overcome by the presence within the lamp.  Under the influence of the Lamp, Alex returns to the tour group. She suggests to her boyfriend, Ted Pinson ' and other close friends that as a prank, the group hang back, hide and then spend the night in the museum. Her friends, Babs ' and her boyfriend Ross , agree as does Ted’s friend Terry ' and his girlfriend, Gwen '. Overhearing the plans are two not so friendly teens, Mike Daley and Tony Greco ', the film teen ne'er-do-wells who decide they will do the same unbeknownst to the other kids. Unexpectedly, abnormal events ensue as a giant tusk unexpectedly falls from its hanging perch, nearly impaling Eve Wallace. Dr. Bressling works on translating the Lamp’s inscriptions in his office when he us suddenly drawn upward into a ceiling fan that spins ever faster as he is pulled into the large steel blades. Alex secretly escorts her friends to the museum’s basement as the class is leaving and shows them where to hide. Unknowingly, Mike and Tony follow them closely. Each of Alex’s friends have lied to their parents telling them they are spending the night with another of the group, thus creating a mass alibi. The museum closes and night falls. The once familiar interiors appear to changes patterns and shapes within the dimly lit display halls of the giant structure. An operatic singing museum guard strolls the hallways singing the lyrics of Figaro As he sings the final note of the operatic song he takes a bow and the screen goes to black.