Two brothers have different interests; Dae-jun  loves car racing, while Ho-jun  loves carpentry, art and gardening. Despite this, the two are very close. Ho-jun marries his girlfriend, Eun-soo . Dae-jun decides to take part in a car race final, regardless of his brother's objections. Ho-jun still goes to support his brother in the car race, but runs late and has to hail a taxi. The speeding taxi crashes into a lorry, and Ho-jun is left seriously injured. At the same time the taxi crashes, Dae-jun's car overturns, leaving him injured as well. Both Dae-jun and Ho-jun fall into comas. A year later, Dae-jun wakes up, but is unable to walk properly, due in part to his past injuries. He is brought home by Eun-soo, where she attempts to take care of him while he recovers. Over time, Eun-soo realises that Dae-jun is behaving identically to her husband; Dae-jun tries to convince Eun-soo that he actually is Ho-jun, but is still baffled by it. He agrees to go for a hypnosis test, and his answers so reflect his brother's character that the doctor concludes that Ho-jun's spirit has entered Dae-jun's body. Eun-soo is devastated by this revelation. Eun-soo, unable to accept Dae-jun as Ho-jun, tells Dae-jun's girlfriend He-jin that she is unable to live with Dae-jun. He-jin offers to take Dae-jun away to work with her at a farmland and Dae-jun agrees, for the sake of Eun-soo. However, one rainy day, Dae-jun appears to Eun-soo, just as Ho-jun had before. They discuss memories together and Eun-soo finally accepts Dae-jun as the "possessed" spirit of her former husband.Dae-jun and Eun-soo then share a slow, steamy, emotional night together after the tearful revelation. They start living life happily as a loving couple. It is also revealed that Eun-soo is pregnant with Dae-jun's child. Meanwhile, the real Ho-jun is still on life support. The doctor discusses with Eun-soo that it would be best if Ho-jun were taken off of life support. She agrees, and watches with Dae-jun as Ho-jun this occurs. He-jin returns and tells Eun-soo that she does accept the fact that Dae-jun is no longer himself, and that she can no longer love him. She decides to go abroad to study. Dae-jun, as Ho-jun, opens an exhibit, displaying artworks and describing them as if he were Ho-jun. Eun-soo, not feeling well, decides to go home to rest for a bit. While she is home, a package addressed to Dae-jun arrives. She opens it and finds a necklace which had been given to her by her father and Ho-jun. She reads the accompanying note, from He-jin, saying that she cannot understand Dae-jun's crazy love. Frantic, she digs through Dae-jun's workroom and finds a number of hidden photos of herself, that were taken by Dae-jun. She understands that Dae-jun had loved her before she got married to his brother. She also finds a notebook that Dae-jun wrote about loving her and being happy because he is able to watch her and live with her through his brother, Ho-jun. She cries sorrowfully. She arrives back at the exhibit where Dae-jun is and asks questions about the pieces of art and makes comments about how some artworks might look good in their yard. She continues to pretend that Dae-Jun is in fact Ho-jun even though she now knows the truth. The final scene shows Dae-jun scattering Ho-jun's ashes across the sea. It is revealed that Dae-jun loved Eun-soo even before Ho-jun, and had for the entire time she was with Ho-jun. Dae-jun also confesses that he made use of all of his brother's secrets to "transform" himself into Ho-jun, to the extent of sacrificing his own identity and behaviour. He claims that it was "Dae-jun" who died after the accident. He tells his brother that Eun-soo will forever love him as Ho-jun. He apologizes and asks his brother never to forgive him for his deeds.