 An in-flight NASA Shuttlecraft carrying a plutonium payload is forced to crash land in an African terrorist country that is unfriendly to the United States. The surviving astronaut, Dr. Beverly Owens ' is taken captive by the country’s terrorist leader, Akmed Najah '. The U.S. Government fears the plutonium will be used to create a nuclear weapon and seeks help in the rescue and recovery efforts from ace stunt pilot, Zach Taylor '.Stockdale Flying Sequence ' Zach works with CIA operative, Bill Murphy ' who bares personal bitterness toward Akmed Najah. Najah had earlier destroyed Murphy’s home, killing his wife and child. Zach learns that the downed spacecraft crashed into the jungles of Zamboa, an uncharted area that is difficult to travel. He and Murphy seek the aid of two young people who have lived their lives in the jungle. One is Desirée Jones, daughter of a famous archeologist ' and a young boy whom she found in the jungle when he was a baby. The boy ' is now 8 years old but appears to be quite capable…even demonstrating the capability of driving an old jeep.  Together, they set off to locate the terrorists and rescue Dr. Owens. After the spacecraft’s crash landing, Owens detached the nuclear container from the onboard satellite before being taken captive. Akmed Najah systematically tortures the astronaut in order to force her to disclose the container’s location. He discovers that a rescue search party is in process and sends out teams of trained assassins to stop them. Leading the killer Dacoits is a young man named Taj-a-tali ', son of Akmed Najah.  Zach, Murphy, Desirée and Jason ' are attacked but manage to fend off the assault and capture Taj-a-tali. Later, Taj escapes with the help of other Dacoits and returns to his father’s jungle lair. Akmed Najah is displeased with his son's performance and orders him killed together with Dr. Owens. Owens had succumbed to torture and revealed the plutonium location. No longer needing her, Najah orders that she and his son be dropped into a giant fire pit. Zach and Desirée are separated from the others and after multiple misadventures discover the terrorists’ hiding location in time to save Owens and Najah’s son. Zach locates the space shuttle satellite and sets it to explode. In the meantime, Akmed Najah orders that the craft’s payload container be flown out of the country to an unidentified eastern power. He later dies in a hand-to-hand battle with Zach. Desirée escorts Owens and the boy to safety following a violent explosion decimates the terrorist lair. Learning that the plutonium is about to leave the jungle, Zach and Desirée set out to stop the aerial pickup. Jason arrives in the jungle flying Zach’s plane, which had been left back at their point of embarkation. The young boy flies the plane the same way he drives a vehicle—with various difficulties and many “ups and downs.” However, he manages to land the craft as Zach climbs aboard. A motorcade of Dacoits appear, firing weapons at the fleeing trio. Desirée draws their fire while Zach and Jason turn the plane down a jungle runway. At the last minute, she leaps aboard the plane as it lifts from the ground. Zach skillfully pilots the aircraft and in several daring stunt maneuvers steals the aerial pickup from the Dacoits before it can be scooped into the air by others. Zach pulls the plane into an upward arch and then down toward the ground, suddenly flipping it over at the last minute so that it flies upside down. The rapid spinning causes Jason to become ill and as the plane approaches the Dacoits on the runway, Desirée drops a hand grenade as the boy vomits. Both “droppings” fall on the bad guys and the grenade explodes setting off surrounding explosives. High in the sky, Zach, Desirée and Jason fly toward a setting sun. Zach asks Jason if he would like to fly. A very sick little boy replies, “No thank you!” Zach, Desirée and Jason are reunited with Bill Murphy who is taking care of Beverly Owens and a wounded Taj-a-tali. Murphy learns that his arch nemesis has been killed. In thought, Murphy opens a pocket watch given him by his dead wife and child. As the music plays, Taj-a-tali awakens and recognizes the music. In an emotional scene, the group comes to learn that the boy is not Najah’s son but is instead, Murphy’s son. The boy had been kidnapped the night that Akmed Najah killed Murphy’s wife and destroyed their home. Jason who is feeling much better by now, smiles and say simply, “This has been a good day…a very good day!”