{{Expand section}} When New York’s hottest night club disc jockey, Darrell is and his lover Sherise come home having sex and undressing each other in Darrell's apartment. Darrell's daughter manages to trick Sherise into thinking that there was a Pamela in his life but he says he doesn't know any Pamela and Sherise leaves and Darrell's daughter says she was only teasing him to drive Sherise away. Darrell is asked to be a DJ for a party and Darrell agrees. As soon as the party gets started, Darrell sees people in car ready to pull their trigger's and Darrell saves a mob boss 's life, he is rewarded for his bravery with the responsibility of watching over the Don's beautiful daughter, Dolly. Dolly starts introducing Darrell to yoga classes, takes him to a spa and last of all a restaurant to meet with some friends. Dolly is engaged to be marrying Chad but she doesn't feel any love or sympathy Sparks fly between Dolly and Darrell as he takes her to the club he works. Dolly and Darrell go to a rusty place and play cards with some of Darrell's friends. Dolly and Darrell go to his apartment and reveal their true feelings for each other and they have sex and sleep together making Dolly lose her virginity. Don's men discover Dolly and Darrell falling in love and tells Don about it. When Darrell and Dolly are in the spa, Don's men throw Darrell in the warm pool and threaten to kill him if he continues his business with Dolly. Dolly's father confronts Dolly and tells Dolly she is still going to marry Chad and when Sherise plans to seduce Darrell, Dolly says she is going to marry Chad and leaves but Darrell tries to stop her but Sherise tells him to let her go. Don's men have a plan and kidnap Dolly and Darrell. Don realizes his men betrayed him and plan to kill all of them but Dolly's brother saves the day. Darrell and Dolly get married and enjoy the day, Sherise is now engaged to marry Chad but now says she wants earrings ever since the 3 carat ring he proposed to her with and Darrell and Dolly share another kiss and carry on dancing.