Thathachari  narrates a small anecdote of Sultan Muhammad bin Tughluq emphasizing on how the king had an arrogant attitude, indifferent view towards his kingdom and subjects, how he treated his guests and also the kind of plans he introduced that backfired. When his son Rangachari  goes on a mission to research on Tughluq, he finds a buried coffin that contains Thugluq , and his accomplice Ibn Batuta alive inside. They claim that they are the true Thugluq and Batuta buried several centuries ago along with a herb that has protected them and kept them alive until 1968 A.D.  Thugluq becomes a national sensation and is welcomed in all grandeur to Rangachari's house. He is interviewed by many newspaper journalists to whom he answers in a very sarcastic attitude. He learns the changes of the past centuries in almost four days and mocks that the advancements are no more than four days' advancement. He decides to contest in elections to become the Prime Minister of India. In his good faith, Thanikachalam, an old freedom fighter, and his daughter Gandhimadhi ([[Manorama  volunteer to help taking part in his political rallies. In his political campaigns, Thughluq makes a mockery of all of the other politician contenstants  and in a satiric tone asking the people to vote for him. Thugluq eventually wins the elections and forms a cabinet of ministers announcing that anyone who joins his party will become the Deputy Prime Minister. A total of 450 people join his party and all of them are made Deputy Prime Ministers. At the news being announced at radio the masses become very happy. A few people  even go as far as wagering and jumping with joy. The Rangachari family also become very overwhelmed at it. Thugluq appoints the naive Gandhimadhi as one of his ministers. She initially does not understand the street-smart nature of the political world and shows an innocent face to the people she meets. Tughluq shows a self-opinionated attitude to the cabinet ministers and lends a deaf year to all their proposals. He instead makes foolish plans to tackle the country's problems that neither makes sense nor solve the problems in question. For example, to solve the problem of which language  should be the national language, he suggests a foreign language of Persian must be the language claiming that it is new to Indians and it will not be a partial decision for both parties. In an attempt to abolish bribery and corruption he legalizes them so that they do not become a problem. When there is a calamity for his decisions he makes a direct speech to the people through radio, to request peace and promises to look into the problem . Gandhimadhi slowly learns all the trickery of politics and gets indulged in bribery. She rises to a very pompous lifestyle as opposed to her previous poverty-ridden one. She is now able to take good care of a few children in her care and also celebrates her birthday in a lavish style. Venniradai Moorthy plays a cameo as a singer in her birthday party. Her father  gets bedridden and is dying. When Gandhimadhi comes down to meet him he hands her over a letter, and asks her to deliver it to Thugluq or Batuta on December 31 that year. He further says that herself or anyone else must not read this letter and must be given to Thugluq with utmost secrecy. She promises him on it. He eventually dies. Back in Delhi, Thugluq and Batuta have a small talk in solitude. In a twist ending, it is revealed that both are actually college students , who in an interest to reform the country have acted as Thugluq and Batuta. Both with the help of their guru Thanikachalam, took an oath before Goddess Kali that they would surrender themselves of their crime, on December 31 before the people. They hid themselves in a coffin on the site in Daulatabad, where Prof. Rangachari would take up his research, and start impersonating from there on. They believed that after this incident, the people would contemplate on this matter and cause a revolution that would change the state of affairs to come. However Mahadevan alias Thugluq suggests that they maintain the status quo and live a prosperous life for themselves. Mahadevan, corrupt through his exposure to politics now refuses to accept that he is Mahadevan and still calls himself Thugluq. However Raghavan  is now stubborn on revealing their true colours. Raghavan approaches Gandhimadhi to get the letter, her father gave her. The letter is a written confession of the details of the trio's plan signed by Mahadevan himself and posted to Thanikachalam. This letter is now the only evidence to reveal Thugluq's true colours. However, Gandhimadhi, now knowing the ways of the world, refuses to hand over the letter because, if she does even she will be in trouble for supporting both of them. She instead throws the letter into the hearth. Raghavan attempts to explain everything to the cabinet ministers and later to the masses, however, Thugluq states that his "good friend" Batuta has gone insane suddenly and asks everyone not to believe him. He further tricks the people, through his words, to kill Batuta, with whom dies their secret.