Ángel, a soft spoken withdrawn man, lives an isolated life in a rustic farmhouse in the woodlands around Segovia. His only company is his brash, domineering mother, Martina. Ángel is an "alimañero", a hunter in charge of killing wolves and other animals of prey in order to protect deer in a hunting wild reserve. To survive, he resorts to furtive deception of the local civil guards hunting the wild game and selling the meat and skins for profit. During the autumn hunting season, the local Governor comes to hunt stag with his entourage taking base at Ángel's rustic house. The Governor has special affection towards Martina, who was his wet nurse. Ángel goes to the provincial capital to buy traps, rope and nooses. He has killed a wolf taking the skin to sell it. In town, he is smitten with a young woman, Milagros, who is looking for a way out of her troubles. Milagros is the girlfriend of a well-known delinquent nicknamed "El Cuqui". She has escaped from the local reformatory for girls hoping to run away with her lover. With no money and still wearing the reformatory's uniform, she notices Ángel eating his lunch in the street and boldly seduces him taking him for a fool. Ángel buys her new clothes and after spending a clandestine evening in an out of the way hotel, he invites her to return to the forest with him. Initially reluctant, Milagros eventually leaves with him on a bus towards the forest. Meanwhile, Martina has been busy entertaining the childish and irritating Governor, who has come with some friends to hunt deer. Upset with her son's delay in town, Martina is furious when she sees him arriving with a girl in tow. She takes out her displace ire on a trapped she-wolf. Martina savagely kills the defenseless animal with an ax. Milagros plan is to leave soon hiding out from the authorities until El Cuqui comes to look for her, but Ángel, in spite of his mother opposition, is determined that she stays with him. During the hunting expedition, the Governor shoots at a deer with no success, and as the animal is about to get away, Ángel, in another part of the forest, kills the animal; and drags it out of sight. Initially Ángel tries to hide the presence of the runaway girl from the Governor, but Martina, who is jealous, makes Milagros come to the notice of the Governor. Martina's plan to get rid of Milagros backfires. Instead of returning her to the reformatory, the governor accepts to let her free as Ángel wants to marry the wayward girl. He would be now responsible for her. Martina is beside herself with anger. Milagros now has taken her place next to Ángel in the only bed of the house, implying that mother and son had had an incestuous relationship. Ángel is oblivious to his mother's fury. He is happy with Milagros who tries to be accommodating and begins to be genuinely fond of him. Eventually El Cuqui returns sooner than expected and Milagros, although now attach to Ángel, still plans to run off. Meanwhile, the local police discover El Cuqui's presence in the forest. The Governor, whose hunting expedition has been interrupted by El Cuqui, asks Ángel to track him down since he is the most familiar with the area. He pursues him and finds him, but lets him go because Milagros has promised to stay with him if her lover is spared from jail. El Cuqui escapes. When Ángel returns home Martina tells her son that Milagros has fled as well, taking her few belongings with her. Desperate, Ángel goes back to the forest to look for her, but he cannot find her. Martina tries to console him as she helps him takes his wet clothes. At first, Ángel is distraught, but life goes on. Peering into the attic of Martina's home, the Governor has discovered deer skins that Ángel has poached. Embarrassed by this findings the Governor eventually name Ángel a Forest Guard in order to discourage his illegal hunting. Ángel begins to prosper. However, he is still obsessed by Milagros disappearance. By chance, he meets again face to face with El Cuqui who, to Ángel's surprise, demands to know where Milagros is. Realizing that she did not escape with El Cuqui, Ángel searches their room finding a box with some of Milagros's nostalgic possessions that she would have never left behind. He finally realizes that Martina, out of jealousy, has killed his wife. He remains calm and tells his mother that the next day they would go to church. Ángel wears his forest guard uniform and take his mother to mass. Martina takes communion and at Ángel's insistence she also received the sacrament of confession. On their way home from the Sunday church service; Ángel shoots her in the back in a field of snow.