In 2010, during Japanese international student Haruka Yamano's  stay in San Diego, California, her trip is abruptly cut short when she gets into a car accident which breaks both of her legs. She returns to her home in a rural district residing in Tokyo, Japan. Shortly after her return, her father, Shigeyuki , leaves for a business trip abroad in Singapore, leaving her with her 19-year-old younger brother Koichi . Haruka discovers one morning that her wheelchair has moved despite the wheels being locked. Believing it to be a burglary incident, Koichi begins setting up video cameras to catch the suspect. After discovering the wheelchair has moved again and all the windows had been locked, Koichi suspects it related to a paranormal force. Against Haruka's frightened pleas, he places a mound of salt in her room, which becomes scattered by morning. Koichi begins to investigate even further, to which Haruka disapproves of. After one of their drinking glasses break during dinner, Haruka reluctantly lets Koichi mount a video camera in her room. The camera records the demon entering Haruka's room and drawing her sheets. Koichi's friend Jun Nagoshi  visits the next day with his girlfriend Mai Yaguchi , who brings her friend Misuzu Kure  along as well. Misuzu remarks feeling a strange presence at the Yamanos' house, and curious, Koichi asks if she can investigate the demon haunting Haruka. After examining Haruka's room, Misuzu claims she has never felt a presence like the demon's before and suddenly plugs her ears, screaming. At night, Haruka wakes up to the spirit touching her, but Koichi finds nothing. Koichi and Haruka invite a Shinto priest over to their house to perform an exorcism . The priest believes the demon has settled down and assures the two that they have nothing to fear. The night progresses with no incidents, and by morning, Shigeyuki comes home from his business trip. On night 12, Haruka's wheelchair moves towards the camera and cuts it off. Haruka and Koichi review the footage and realize that the demon has not gone and is angry. Koichi phones Shigeyuki's office for help, but is told that he did not show up for work. The next night, the events worsen when Haruka is violently dragged out of bed by her hair via a force she reports to be under her bed. Koichi tries contacting the Shinto priest from the purification ceremony, but is told the priest died of a heart attack after leaving the ceremony. The two siblings debate on leaving the house and still receive no news from Shigeyuki when they call his cellular phone. Haruka tells Koichi to escape without her if the demon attacks them both. When night falls, Haruka recalls Katie, a woman involved in the same car accident that cut her trip short, and after searching her name on the Internet, believes that the demon that had possessed her is now targeting her. She reveals to Koichi that she experienced similar strange phenomena while recuperating in the hospital in America. Once Koichi leaves her room, he hears her screaming and finds her in the yard downstairs in her wheelchair. Haruka claims that the demon is tormenting her from behind and reveals a strange bite mark on her arm before losing consciousness. Koichi watches Haruka for the rest of the night and, in the morning, places a crucifix in her hand. After he leaves the room, Haruka drops the crucifix and it moves along the floor before combusting. Several windows break spontaneously in the room and Haruka does not awaken during any of this. On night 15, Haruka wakes up at 1 AM, walks to Koichi's room, and stares at him while he is asleep. Around 3 AM, she walks downstairs and wakes Koichi with a scream. Alarmed, Koichi runs to the living room, where he discovers Shigeyuki's corpse lying in one of the closets. A possessed Haruka appears and knocks away the camera in his hand. She violently throws Koichi at the camera in his room and slowly approaches him, but Koichi escapes and boards a taxi outside of his house. As the taxi drives away, Haruka suddenly appears in front of it, and the taxi collides into her before slamming into a wall. The crash kills the driver while Koichi survives the accident. Later, Koichi goes to a funeral home to pay respects to the dead taxi driver. However, he is suddenly dragged into the darkness screaming. After the camera cuts to black, the camera begins running again, and Haruka is seen slowly staring up at it. An epilogue text states that Koichi was found dead, Shigeyuki's body was discovered in the house later, and Haruka's whereabouts remain unknown.