Sidhardha , a Delhi based youth wing leader of the ruling party is sentenced to jail for murdering Ambikaratnam ([[Geetha , the women wing leader of the ruling party. At Tihar jail, he had to face a series of physical torture for questioning the injustice happening inside. Kalimulla , the jail superintendent, along with his henchmen is running a crime syndicate inside the jail. Siddhardha witnesses the brutal atrocities happening inside on ordinary criminals, while special treatment meted out to hardcore criminals with political connections. Upon the instruction from supreme court, a re investigation is ordered on Ambikaratnam murder case and is handed over to CBI . Akhila , a dashing and aggressive officer from CBI is assigned to re probe Sidhardha's case. She visits him in jail, but his response was hostile. Sidhardha refuses to co-operate with her claiming that the entire the system is corrupted and has no faith in police. But Akhila moves ahead with her investigation and on way she finds out that Sidhardha is innocents and was falsely inducted in the case for certain personal and political vendetta. Justice Varma , a retired Supreme Court judge is working on a book which he claims will reveal the black realities of bureaucracy and politics in Delhi. Titled as The Bleeding Nation, the book has chapters on the illegal underworld connections of Jyothikrishna, the aspiring Prime Minister of the country. Popularly known as J.K. , he had been involved in several dubious and defence deals that may even hurt the security of the country. J.K. Along with Dharman , his lieutenant approach Justice Varma and offers several sops including a governor post, but Varma refuses to buy it. Sidhardha escapes from jail and reaches at Varma to explain him the realities happening inside central prison. He refuses to accept Varma's advise to surrender and informs him about the plan to avenge to all who had framed him in murder case. Sidhardha meets Akhila to explain his side. Sidhardha, an emerging youth leader was involved in a series of public issues. He was accompanied by Dharman, Ambikaratnam and many other young politicians who desired to bring a change in the country. Sidhardha and Ambikaratnam questioned the policies of the party and opposed the ways of J.K. calling him a threat to the nation. In order to obliterate Sidhardha, J.K. took the help of Dharman, a shroud politician. With the help of him, J.K planted a bomb which exploded at the birthday party of Ambikaratnam killing her. Sidhardha was accused by Dharman of murdering her and was arrested. Dharman rose in the party in short time and has become a trusted aide of J.K. Meanwhile Swami Somendra  of Tapovan Ashram plans a conspiracy to topple the government. He is the mentor of J.K and runs an underworld with his Ashram as base. Several politicians who questioned J.K were found missing in few time and Akhila's investigation moves in this direction. In short time, she is shocked to find that even the top CBI officers are a part of J.K's coterie. Swami Somendra tries all ways to influence Akhila, but all in vain. Sidhardha along with young Turks in the party decides to opt for violence to save the nation before the elections. They open up a secret jail and picks up several criminals and political leaders and kills them, creating a panic among the ruling class. He reaches out J.K and Somendra and makes them confess of the crimes and kills them, whereby delivering justice.