In 2050, the failure of the Earth's Sun threatens life on the planet, placing it in a solar winter and compelling humanity to reignite it with a massive stellar bomb attached to a spaceship named Icarus I. The ship is lost for reasons unknown and, seven years later, a backup spacecraft with a new payload named the Icarus II, is sent in a second and final attempt to complete the mission. After leaving the range of Earth communications, Icarus II Communications Officer Harvey  discovers the distress beacon of Icarus I while passing Mercury. Crew physicist Capa  is asked by Captain Kaneda  to calculate whether it's feasible to change course and approach Icarus I to attempt to salvage it. The stellar bomb's operation is purely theoretical and there are many things that could go wrong, so Capa recommends changing course to rendezvous with Icarus I in the hope that a second ship and payload will double the chances of success. This decision is vehemently opposed by engineer Mace ([[Chris Evans . In planning the new course, navigator Trey  forgets to realign the shields that protect the ship from the radiation and heat of the solar wind, causing damage to the spacecraft. Kaneda and Capa embark on a spacewalk to make shield repairs while the ship is angled away from the sun to shelter them. Due to another miscalculation, however, a fire is caused in the ship's oxygen garden by reflected sunlight. To control the fire the ship must be re-aligned to face the Sun as soon as possible, and Kaneda sacrifices himself repairing the panels to allow this. Trey blames himself for the loss of Kaneda and the oxygen garden, and psychiatrist Searle  assesses him as a suicide risk and sedates him. Icarus II reaches Icarus I, and the lost spacecraft is explored by Capa, Searle, Harvey, and Mace. While Icarus I has a functional oxygen garden and payload bomb, the ship's computer is found to be sabotaged, rendering delivery of the second payload impossible. Mace finds a video left by Captain Pinbacker , a radically religious man who states the mission was purposely abandoned, thinking it was the "will of God" that humanity should die. The crew of Icarus I is found dead in the solar observation room, having been exposed to unshielded rays of sunlight. The Icarus I and II airlocks then inexplicably decouple, damaging the Icarus I airlock and stranding the four crew members on the derelict spacecraft. Staying behind, Searle jettisons the other three using the vacuuming of the airlock to propel them into the Icarus II airlock. Harvey is knocked into space during the jump and freezes to death. Searle then enters the Icarus I observation room to die by sunlight exposure. Five remain on the Icarus II: Capa, Mace, Trey, co-pilot Cassie , and botanist Corazon . Corazon calculates that the Icarus II only has enough air for four to reach the drop-off point. Since someone must have manually decoupled the airlock as there was no hardware failure, and Trey is the only person without an alibi, everyone except Cassie decides Trey must be killed, only for the crew to find Trey has committed suicide. During a final inspection, Capa then discovers from the Icarus II computer that, even without Trey, the oxygen reserves will not last long enough due to a fifth person detected on the spacecraft. Capa ascertains that Pinbacker, now heavily burned from sun exposure, is still alive and in the observation room. Capa surmises that Pinbacker sneaked aboard, decoupled the airlocks and murdered Trey. Still believing humanity needs to die out, Pinbacker sabotages the spacecraft by removing the Icarus II’s mainframe computer from its coolant bath, shutting down the mainframe and power systems. Pinbacker, after maiming Capa and trapping him in the airlock, kills Corazon with a scalpel and chases Cassie into the payload ship, while Mace attempts to undo Pinbacker's sabotage to the mainframe. He is almost successful, managing to restore most systems before being trapped in a coolant reservoir and freezing to death. Capa, still trapped in the airlock, uses a spacesuit's welding equipment to breach the inner door, allowing him to remove the inner door by decompressing the ship. Manually decoupling the payload, Capa jumps onto the payload as its boosters fire, destroying the Icarus II. After Capa enters the payload, Pinbacker attacks and holds Capa off a precipice within the bomb, only for Cassie to grab Capa and tear the skin from Pinbacker's arm with her weight. The gravity well arresting their fall, Capa then leaves the wounded Cassie and triggers the bomb; Capa then watches as space and time distorts, allowing him to see the inner surface of the Sun break into the room as the bomb detonates. On Earth, Capa's sister reviews her brother's last message on the frozen Sydney Harbour and watches the Sun noticeably brighten, implying the mission's success.