Leah Lazenby  is a single woman who lives in a house she recently inherited from her parents. In order to have the money to keep it she lets rooms to a variety of tenants while she sleeps in her parents's parlour. One morning a cellist  moves in. He can easily pay in advance and is immediately accepted. He takes the Room Upstairs. Travis fits in very well. He flatters Leah when she's plumbing, helps the other tenants, makes photographs of Lean and her pupils, drives her in his car and guards her when she is molested by her tenant Kevin . Consequently Leah turns to Travis when she needs to bring one of her female tenants  to a hospital. Ellie had just tried to commit suicide because the aforementioned Kevin had betrayed and eventually left her. Leah works in a school for children who are characterized by learning disability or even antisocial personality disorder. Her head teacher  assigns her to look after an unruly, illiterate teenage beauty called Susan  who refuses to attend school. Susan lives with a young scoundrel. Leah visits her regularly and tries to teach her to read by using fashion magazines. She even includes Susan's boyfriend, but when she thinks Susan opens up to her, the girl plays a sadistic trick on Leah. Leah loses her nerve and starts a catfight in public. She is nearly arrested when Susan falsely accuses her of having attacked her with a broken bottle. Returning home Leah sees Travis repairing the sink and tells him off. Travis answers back by explaining to her she mustn't believe she was the only person who is hurt and she should be more interested in Ellie's problems. Leah then talks to Ellie and they get friends. Head teacher Mrs. Sanders convinces Leah not to quit her job as a teacher and offers her a different task after all. While Travis is on a concert tour in Canada, Leah's tenant Mandy  delivers a baby. There is a big celebration in Leah's house and Travis can manage to visit during a break of the tour. Travis and Leah have a moment together. Leah tells him about her new case, a deafblind child. Having his shoulder to lean on she falls into sleep. While she rests Travis inducts Leah into the tragedy of his life. He had once a child who died unexpectedly while he was on tour and his wife blamed him for having neglected his family. The next morning they awake together, feeling hereby obviously feeling very comfortable. Leah's brother Frank  is angry about her because the house is running on puny profit although she's now also her tenants'  babysitter. Even so, she refuses her brother's offer to buy her out. Travis pleases Leah to one of his concerts. When they return home she invites him to her room where she has prepared a meal for them. Finally they kiss.