 Three thousand years ago, a warlord named Yaotl and his four generals discover a portal opening into a parallel universe which is said to have a great power. The warlord becomes immortal from the power, but his four generals are turned to stone. The portal releases 13 immortal monsters that destroy Yaotl's army as well as his enemies. In the present, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles have grown apart. After defeating the Shredder, Master Splinter has sent Leonardo to Central America for training. Donatello works as an IT specialist, Michelangelo works as a birthday party entertainer called "Cowabunga Carl" and Raphael fights crime at night as the vigilante "Nightwatcher". April O'Neil operates a company that locates and acquires relics for collectors with the help of her boyfriend, Casey Jones. During a business trip to Central America, April tells Leonardo that the turtles have drifted apart. April returns to New York with a statue for her client, Max Winters, the CEO of a financial empire. Leo stows away on a plane and also returns. April and Casey deliver the statue to Winters. Winters hires Karai and the Foot Clan to search the city for the 13 beasts before the portal opens again. Raphael encounters Casey, who reveals his knowledge of Raphael's double identity and joins him in hunting criminals. Winters who is actually the Warlord Yaotl who is still immortal, reanimates his generals with advanced technology, but they remain made of stone. Leo returns to the sewer, meeting Splinter. Splinter forbids the Turtles from fighting until they can act as a team again. While training, the Turtles encounter one of the thirteen beasts battling the Foot Clan. The Turtles engage the beast, going against Leo and Splinter's orders, and are defeated after the monster is captured. When Raphael visits Casey, they encounter one of the monsters and witness its capture by the Foot and the Stone Generals. The Generals spot them and Raphael is knocked unconscious. When a police helicopter forces one of the generals to flee, Casey takes Raphael back to the apartment while April calls the Turtles for help. While examining Raphael, they learn the identities of Yaotl and his Generals from April. After being revived, Raphael suggests they pursue Yaotl. Leo forbids him to go until Splinter gives out the order and Raphael goes out to investigate alone. Leo, Donny and Mikey return to their sewer home to plan their next move, where Donny discovers the reopening of the portal will be directly over Winters' tower. Splinter tells Leo that his team is incomplete, and that he knows what he must do. 11 monsters have been captured, and General Aguila questions Yaotl's actions. Thinking their leader intends to betray them, the Generals conspire to betray Yaotl, wanting to remain immortal. Raphael encounters one of the remaining monsters but drives it off. Leo fights Raph, but when he breaks Leo's twin swords, Raphael is forced to leave. The Stone Generals seize Leo, intending to substitute him for the thirteenth missing beast. Raphael decides to make amends by rescuing Leo. Splinter and the Turtles, accompanied by Casey and April, travel to Winters'  tower. As the portal opens, Yaotl discovers the treachery of his generals, and the Turtles, along with April, Casey and Splinter, get inside the tower. Yaotl is knocked out by his generals, but he quickly regains consciousness. He reveals the truth to the heroes: he wants to return the monsters to the portal so that he will be free of his curse of immortality. The Generals reveal that they wish to preserve their immortality, but also to use the portal to bring in more monsters to conquer the world. Having refused to betray Yaotl in exchange for serving the Generals, April, Casey and the Foot Clan work together, searching for the final monster while the Turtles fight the Generals. Splinter and Yaotl fight off numerous monsters emerging from the portal. April, Casey and Karai arrive at the tower with the thirteenth monster. The monster crashes into the Stone Generals, dragging them into the portal before it closes. Karai warns them to enjoy their victory while it lasts, claiming they will soon contend with a familiar foe. She and the rest of the Foot Clan depart. Yaotl, now mortal, honors the Turtles and Splinter, thanking them for fulfilling his wish before disappearing. Splinter places Yaotl's helmet among his trophy collection, as well as Raphael's "Nightwatcher" helmet and Michelangelo's turtle costume and the film ends with Raphael narrating that the Turtles will always be brothers as the four of them jump across the rooftops of New York City.