Devadevan , an underworld don decides to appear in front of Justice Varma Commission, which is holding up a probe into the serial blasts that claimed hundreds of innocent lives. Devadevan's claim of divulging solid evidence of the hands of several top politicians and underworld in the blasts and communal riots that followed made many of his rivals sleepless. Just on reaching the court premise, he is shot on point blank. Severely wounded Devan is admitted in ICU, from where, his memories travels down to his early days in crime. Devadevan, a suspect under trail along with Mustafa , his trusted right arm is bailed out by Khan Sahib , a smuggler on behalf of David Abraham , a Dubai based underworld don. Up on release both Devan and Mustafa are provided safe accommodation at Khan's house, where he meets up Nancy , the daughter of Khan's second wife in her first marriage. An upcoming movie star, Nancy fells in love with Devan within short time. Devan and Mustafa commits several smuggling operations for Khan and slowly rises up in career. Up on realizing that Khan is double crossing him, David Abraham kills him and appoints Devadevan as his representative in India. Devan and Mustafa emerge as undisputed dons in the country. During that time, on a visit to Kerala, Devan meets up Harikrishnan , his childhood buddy undergoing a fast to protest against the new reservation policy of the government. Devan pledges to support Harikrishnan, a Namboothiri youth, who is in deep financial crisis. Hari is appointed as the second in command of Devan, who upon Devan's advice gives up his yajnopaveetham. James Kutty ([[Devan , a narcotic drug smuggler along with Reddiar  tries all ways to finish up the empire of Devan, but all in vain. In retaliation Hari kills the son of Reddiar. Baba Rahim , central home minister, Reddiar and James forms a league to finish off Devan. David Abraham, who was now losing turf to Devan too joins them and provides explosives and ammunition required to create a severe blast along with a communal riot that could deviate public attention from the series of corruption allegations against his men in power, including Baba Rahim. Mustafa in meantime fells in love with Saraswati ([[Devayani , the younger sister of Hari, who objects her sister's love towards a Muslim. Hari is shocked to find that Mustafa is supported by Devan and splits ways with him. Hari is allured by James and is used effectively to transport explosives into the city. The serial blasts breaks down Devan, who is shocked to find that his name is dragged into it effectively by David Abraham and gang. Mustafa is killed by James. Devan finishes off David Abraham and James. He was then to appear in front of Justice Varma Commission, when was shot point blank by Harikrishnan. At hospital, upon discharging from ICU, Devan is transferred to ward, where Justice Varma meets him up. But Varma plays double game, whereby removing the bullets from Devan's pistol successfully. Just minutes after the exit of Varma, Hari enters his ward and tries to shoot him up. But Devan successfully escapes. While following Devan, Hari gets into a car, but the cabbie was Koshy , the attorney of Devan , who locks the car from outside, in which a bomb was planted. Devan, using his remote control blows up the car killing Hari.