Unlike the previous three specials, A Very Pony Place features three different stories, each of them focusing on the new characters exclusively released in the special. These were: Lily Lightly, Storybelle, Star Flight, Heart Bright and lastly, Puzzlemint.  The first story, Come Back, Lily Lightly focuses on the main heroine Lily Lightly. The story begins when Lily Lightly announces the even called the Night of the Thousand Lights. Part of the even is the Rainbow Lights party, on which each unicorn pony in Unicornia decorates the place with lights. After nighttime falls and the whole place is decorated with lights, Cheerilee gave Lily Lightly the title "Princess of All that Twinkles and Glows", but her horn starts to glow and then runs off, leaving some of the ponies confused. Meanwhile, Pinkie Pie and Minty were going to Unicornia by balloon. Minty said she left the map at home and she doesn't need it. Back at Unicornia, Lily Lightly got embarrassed as everyone saw her horn glowing and runs away from Unicornia. Back at Pinkie Pie and Minty, both ponies were now getting lost through a sea of clouds while Minty said they need to see the bright lights of Unicornia to get there. Back on the ground, Brights Brightly and Rarity goes to search for Lily Lightly at the outskirts of Unicornia. Will Brights Brightly and Rarity find their lost friend? And will Pinkie Pie and Minty reach Unicornia for the festival?  The second story, Two for the Sky focuses on Storybelle and her story about Star Flight and Heart Bright. Pinkie Pie, Minty and Sunny Daze all went to Storybelle's house to listen to one of her stories. Storybelle herself picked her favorite story, Two for the Sky, a story about two ponies who were so close that they were almost twins. As she explained the story, both of them play together, eat sundaes together and wished that they can gain wings so they can fly to the sky. Both of them did several attempts to fly, but ended not lifting up in the ground, until they asked the Breezies in Breezy Blossom on how they can fly. However, the Breezies answered that they can actually fly, but not knowing why or how. As both ponies returned to Ponyville to get some sleep, they both wished and wanted to dream they wanted to fly. As they woke up, they both gain wings and both flew to the sky, not expecting that flying is not easy as it looks.  The third and final story, Positively Pink focuses on Pinkie Pie, Minty and Puzzlemint. Minty looked at the Birthday Book and found out it's Pinkie Pie's birthday. Everyone hold up a meeting at Sweetberry's Sweet Shoppe and decided they plan a surprise party for Pinkie Pie by making everything pink. As Pinkie Pie enters the shop, everyone kept her mouths shut about the party and left the place. Feeling confused, Pinkie Pie asked Sweetberry what's going on, only answering that she needs to consult Puzzlemint to solve some kind of "puzzle". As everyone in Ponyville prepares for her surprise party, Puzzlemint halts everyone on the preparations and goes on to distract Pinkie Pie so the preparations can continue.