In an interior village of Assam in 1970’s, poor farmers and fishermen are always exploited by contractor Jamuna Hazarika, a wealthy villager. Radha , an orphan grew up in the family of her maternal uncle Nakul  and his wife who had no offspring. Rajat , also an orphan stayed with them as household help. Radha and Rajat spent childhood together. When they grows ups, Nakul arranged Rajat’s stay at a small thatched house built at the rear side of the orchard of the village school teacher Hemdhar . But the intimacy between Rajat and Radha remained the same. Having passed out matriculation, Radha joined the local college and with her talent and intelligence she soon became popular among students and teachers. Of the teachers, professor Mahanta  showed special interest in her. But Radha was more impressed by professor Naren Dutta , a shy, introvert man by nature and with strong ethical principle. As the result, rumour was spread in the village of Radha having affair with both the Professors. Radha got involved in the village affairs, and she influenced Rajat to think the course of action logically. Radha and Rajat joined the mission of smashing up country liquor joints and also questioned on the morality of Jamuna Hazarika in running licenced liquor outlet. Radha, along with Rajat, took initiative and exposed all wrong doings of Hazarika and his son Muhidhar in their process of construction of the dam. Finally, the monsoon downpour dropped in. Unabated heavy shower for days did the same to the villagers what they have been witnessing since ages. The dam constructed by Hazarika proved to be a farce because Muhidhar and his unholy nexus cut the base of the dam in the darkness of the downpour night. The entire area became submerged with water. The flood relief distribution team of the college led by professor Mahanta enjoyed the mission with joy and fun like having a picnic. Radha, disturbed, annoyed and tormented mentally, while standing on the bank of the devastating river, recalls the words of her most admired professor Naren Dutta : "You’ve suffered, I’ve suffered. Only we have to struggle for our own dignity, we’ve got to fight."