Fireman Sam is awarded for rescuing Charlie from the edge of the lighthouse cliff and starting up the broken light again, making Elvis want to be a hero too. Chief Fire Officer Boyce offers Sam a promotion to head the rapid response service in Newtown. Sam promises to think about it until the end of the day. Meanwhile, James, Sarah, Norman, Dilys Price & Derek are on the way to the forest with Trevor . Back at the Fire Station, Sam and Penny Morris rescue Mike flood from drowning in the harbour sea. After a sneak off from the group, Norman decides to cook sausages that he brought earlier to the forest  and sets fire to old wood using a sharp wood pin. Dilys finds them but fails to notice the fire. Meanwhile, Mike forgets the phone & the hammer, and locks himself in the lighthouse after he mends the door. Meanwhile Helen and Mandy are trying to find the campsite when Helen steps into the mantrap Trevor set up minutes earlier. Sam and Penny leave the station, but as Elvis and Radar are already there, Helen is rescued. Mike sees smoke coming from the forest and as his mobile is locked out, he uses the lighthouse to spell "FOREST FIRE" in Morse Code. Sam and Penny read the code and call Steele to the forest. The campsite group smell the smoke and leave the campsite to get out of the forest. The fire reaches the campsite setting it on fire. Elvis and Radar find the group and follow Venus' siren, getting out of the forest before the fire engulfs the whole place. Elvis pushes Sam out of the way of a falling burning branch. All of the townspeople help out to stop the fire but after another 5 –10 minutes, Steele tells everyone the situation is too bad and the fire is out of control. The vehicles drive to the harbour as Sam looks at the stormy clouds pleading them to come towards the fire. As the people all aboard Charlie's boat, the rain puts out the fire. Then Radar finds the sausages from Norman's bag. A shocked Dilys and Trevor scold Norman for setting the forest on fire. At the end of the movie, Elvis is awarded for saving Sam and the group. Derek blames Norman for bringing sausages and setting the forest on fire and they have an argument. Sam decides to reject the Chief's promotion and chooses to stay in Pontypandy. The town has a huge party to celebrate. The movie finishes with Fireman Sam's latest music video, "He's Our Friend". #REDIRECT Fireman Sam great fire of pontypandy