{{plot}}  Regan  and Becky  are having lunch. Becky tells Regan that she is engaged to her boyfriend Dale . Regan calls her high school friends, Gena  and Katie  and tells them, very upset, as she wanted to be the first one to get married, especially before her “fat friend.” She complains that now they will have to be in the wedding. The Day Before the Wedding: Katie is very excited to be in the wedding. She can’t wait for all her friends, the “b-friends” to be together again. She works at Club Monaco and isn’t very nice to the customers. Gena, who lives in Los Angeles, sleeps around a lot and on the plane she is talking to the guy next to her about an ex-boyfriend, who "ruined her life" and who will be at the wedding. At the same time, Regan, the maid of honor, is shallow and nasty to all the wedding planners. The three friends are reunited at the hotel, wondering how they will get through the next 12 hours for the bachelorette party. Becky shows up thrilled to see her other two friends. The bachelorette party is impromptu, and all Becky wants to do is eat ice cream and drink champagne in the room after the rehearsal dinner. Gena and Katie, who wanted to have a big party, run off to do cocaine. At the dinner, Katie tells Gena she got a stripper for them that night. We are introduced to Trevor  who is the best man, and Gena sees her ex-boyfriend Clyde ([[Adam Scott  while Joe , a former classmate of the girls, talks to Katie. Trevor is telling an embarrassing story for his toast and Becky's cousins do a rap for her. Gena stands up to give her toast, revealing that they met in their high school bathroom, and Becky was forcing herself to throw up. Katie steps in, and since they are both high it doesn’t turn out well. Later on in the hotel suite, a stripper, Katie's co-worker, shows up for all the women. Becky is into it until she hears him call her Pigface, which was her mean nickname in high school. Gena acts like it’s funny and Becky yells at her her, telling her and Katie not to come to the wedding unless they are sober. Regan, Gena, and Katie are left in the hotel room drinking and snorting coke. Regan can’t get over the fact that Becky is getting married before her. Katie tries on Becky’s wedding dress which is too big for them. She and Regan both get in the dress and Gena goes to take their picture, and the dress rips. They freak out and bring the dress down to the hotel housekeeper, but they can’t do anything. Meanwhile, Regan is on the phone with her boyfriend Frank who can no longer attend the wedding because he's busy with medical school. They discover that Katie’s nose is bleeding on the dress. In the hallway of the hotel, they run into Dale and his groomsmen, and he is blindfolded on his way to a strip club. They part ways but not before Gena pretends to come on to Clyde, stealing his wallet to try and help pay for the dress to get fixed. The men are in a limo on their way to the strip club talking about women and dating. Meanwhile, the women are standing outside the bridal shop waiting for the store owner, vowing they will never do coke again. The owner, Melissa shows up and is hostile to the girls, especially Regan, for making her open the store for them in the middle of the night. They lie and tell her that Becky decided she wants a new dress. Regan refuses to buy the dress Melissa finds because it’s “her perfect dress.” She says she’d rather lick the sidewalk than have Becky wear it, and then she actually does lick the sidewalk. During this, they discover that Katie knows how to sew. They buy thread and now need to find a sewing machine. Meanwhile, Trevor keeps texting Regan to go to the strip club. At the strip club, Dale goes to wait in the car when finding out Becky's friends are coming. The three ladies show up and aren’t allowed in the strip club without a male escort so Dale gets them in. They go inside to clean off the dress. Trevor asks Regan to help Joe hook up with Katie, and they wind up in a history discussion. Clyde is trying to hook up with the stripper and realizes that his wallet is missing. As Gena tries to clean the dress in the bathroom, she starts talking to a stripper who uses the dress as a towel and toilet paper without her noticing. Afterwards, Regan yells at Gena for trying to confess to Becky over the phone. The girls begin arguing, and Regan yells at Gena saying she handles everything, including Gena's abortion. Gena gets Clyde, and they leave together with the dress. Trevor gets Joe to take Katie home and tells him to have sex with her, which he doesn't want to do because she's heavily intoxicated. Gena and Clyde argue on the subway since she stole his wallet and she is still mad about what happened between them. In high school, Gena got pregnant and she had to get an abortion without his help. Meanwhile, Trevor and Regan wind up having sex in the hotel bar bathroom. Becky calls her and asks her to come up to her room. Clyde and Gena go to his mother’s house who agrees to fix the dress. Clyde makes pancakes while Gena tries to call a cocaine dealer. He throws her phone outside telling her it’s not cute anymore. They wind up looking at old photos and he tells her that he couldn’t show up that day because he was too sad. They go into his bedroom where he plays her a mixtape he made when they were in high school and they end up having sex. Joe and Katie go off on their own and go swimming in an indoor pool at the hotel. They share stories about partying, and she tells him that she slit her wrist a year ago. He kisses her, and they get out of the pool. They’re going to have sex, but Joe tells her that he likes her a lot and cares how they have sex. He doesn’t want a random, drunken hook up with her. However, Katie can’t even remember his name. He leaves, both of them upset. Regan goes to Becky’s room. Becky feels bad about what happened earlier. She thanks Regan for everything she’s done and Regan sneaks off to the bathroom and leaves another message for Gena on her phone. Becky opens the door and catches Regan about to make herself throw up. They reminisce about high school and how Becky took the fall for Regan's bulimia. Regan is about to tell Becky about the dress when Becky’s mother shows up and tells them that it’s time for her to start getting ready. Gena and Clyde wake up. She grabs the dress and runs out. The party planners try to find the dress, confused as to where it could be. Joe tells Regan that Katie locked herself in the bathroom and won’t come out. Gena has the fixed dress and brings it back to the tailor in the hotel saying it’s fixed and asks her to clean it. She finally calls back Regan and tells her the dress needs 40 minutes. Regan finds Katie in the bathroom, and she seemingly having OD’d. Joe realizes that Katie took the Xanax that Trevor gave him at the strip club and calls the paramedics. Regan sticks her fingers down Katie’s throat and has her throw up the pills, getting some vomit on Regan's dress. Regan tells a nervous Becky that her dress is being steamed. Gena knocks on Trevor’s door and hits him with a coffeepot for giving Joe the Xanax. She then runs after Regan and Becky with the dress but misses them. She uses the same cab as Clyde who tells her that they are meant to be together. Becky screams at her mother and Regan in the taxi saying she hates both of them. They get to the wedding, and Becky is still screaming at Regan. Gena shows up with the dress and Becky notices the blood stain. She gets over it and walks down the aisle, leaving Gena and Regan, who has vomit on her, behind. Katie gets there late and the three of them sit on a bench watching the ceremony. At the reception, Joe and Katie talk and kiss, Regan tries to sleep, and Clyde gives an obscene speech about having sex with Gena the night before. He says he wants to do that forever and starts to sing I'm Gonna Be to her after which they kiss. The four girls dance together as the film closes.