One week before her vaginoplasty, Sabrina 'Bree' Osbourne  receives a phone call from Toby Wilkins , a 17-year-old jailed in New York City. He asks for Stanley Schupak , claiming to be his son. Bree was previously unaware she had a son; she now wants to break with her past and renounce him. However, Bree's therapist  refuses permission for her operation if she does not face up to her past. Bree flies from Los Angeles to New York to bail Toby out of jail. Toby is a small-time drug user and male hustler. His mother committed suicide, after which he was raised by his stepfather, whom he does not want to see again. Bree pretends to be a Christian missionary and persuades Toby to ride with her back to the West Coast, secretly planning to leave him at his stepfather's along the way. When they arrive in the fictional town of Callicoon, Kentucky{{cite web}} it turns out that Toby's stepfather molested him as a child, and so this plan fails. Toby and Bree continue to Los Angeles together. They also stop by a house where a group of transsexuals are hosting a gender pride gathering. During the trip when Bree has to urinate, Toby accidentally discovers that Bree is transsexual. He is open-minded about it, but is angry that Bree had not told him. After their car and money are stolen by a "peyote shaman" hitchhiker , Toby makes some money by prostituting himself to a truck driver. To Bree he pretends that he got the money from selling some drugs he had taken along for his own use. They get a ride with a kindly rancher Calvin Many Goats ([[Graham Greene  to Bree's parents' house in Phoenix, Arizona. Here they find her conservative and self-centred mother Elizabeth , her Jewish father Murray , and her rebellious and sarcastic sister Sydney . Elizabeth disapproves of Bree's transsexuality , but is excited to find out she has a grandson. She is kind to Toby and invites him to stay and live with them. Toby likes the luxury and kindness, but hesitates because he doesn't like how disrespectful they are to Bree. Realizing he has feelings for Bree, he proposes to have sex with her, saying that he will marry her if she wants. Bree realizes she must tell Toby the truth, that she was his real father. Toby is angry that Bree had not disclosed this earlier. Overnight he steals money from the house and disappears. Bree returns to L.A. She has a completely successful surgery, but isn't happy because she feels she messed up with Toby. The therapist visits her in recovery and Bree cries on her shoulder. Some months later Toby has bleached his hair and become an actor in gay pornography films in L.A. Bree is vibrant, happy, and enjoying her job as a waitress at the restaurant where she was formerly washing-up. The film ends with Toby showing up at Bree's door, and the two reconciled.