Picking up where the previous film left off, with the evil Snow Queen  being defeated and frozen. Dimly  arrives back at the village with Ellie , Tom , and Peeps . By now it is almost spring. Back at the Snow Queen's palace, the three trolls, Eric , Baggy  and Wardrobe  try to decide what to take with them, so when Dimly returns, he takes Freda  back to the flying school and will return for the trolls. However, Freda loses a small object resembling the head of a reindeer, which Wardrobe takes. As the trolls try to figure out where to go, the Snow Queen's bats take her magic staff and place it in her frozen hand, unfreezing and setting her free moments after Dimly returns. While the trolls are loading many bags and suitcases onto Dimly's back, the Snow Queen confronts them and Eric tells her that Ellie and Tom escaped . The Snow Queen decides to kidnap Dimly so Ellie will come to her and she can get her revenge. She moves with Dimly and the trolls to the South Pole, as it is now too warm in the North Pole. During the trip, Eric gets tired of Wardrobe playing with the reindeer head object, so he throws it away, where Peeps finds it. The Snow Queen contacts Ellie and tells her that she has kidnapped Dimly. Ellie doesn't know where the Snow Queen is now, so Peeps takes her to Brenda , a bird that is said to know everything, however she thinks two plus two equals five. She also can't take off from the ground, and must run off a cliff before flying. Meanwhile, the Snow Queen reaches her palace, set on a frozen volcano in the South Pole, and locks Dimly away in a cell next to her ferocious reindeer, which attempt to break into his cell and eat him. Brenda takes Ellie and Peeps toward the South Pole. They stop at a restaurant for food, where the proprietor  and her minions capture Brenda and try to cook her to serve as food. Ellie and Peeps stop them, however, and escape, resulting in the wall of their restaurant falling on top of everyone except the proprietor, as she is directly underneath the window. The Snow Queen begins construction on something that the trolls fear might be another mirror, but is really the Iceosaurus, an ice pterodactyl with eye lasers that can freeze anything. This is her final part of her plan of revenge. Meanwhile, at nighttime, Ellie falls asleep and she and Peeps fall off Brenda and into the ocean, where they are picked up by a humanoid walrus, Clive , and his partner, Rowena , on a ship called the S.S. Quagmire. When Ellie and Peeps describe how they are on their way to the Snow Queen's palace, they realize that she set the whole thing up to lure Ellie there and get revenge. Clive and Rowena are revealed to be bounty hunters, and decide to give Ellie to the Snow Queen for a big reward, and imprison her and Peeps inside an old cage tied to the mast. When Brenda realizes that they have fallen off, she comes back and rescues them, leaving Clive and Rowena to argue and fight over whose fault it is that Ellie escaped. Brenda, Ellie, and Peeps arrive at the South Pole, but the Iceosaurus freezes Brenda, with Ellie and Peeps still trapped inside the cage. They discover the reindeer head object to be a sort of magic talisman. After they see a vision of Freda inside it, it turns into a wrench that Ellie uses to unlock the cage. Then it turns into a salt shaker which Ellie uses to unfreeze Brenda. Brenda separates from Ellie to find a high place to take off. Ellie and Peeps encounter Pearl  and Elspeth , two humanoid penguins who clean the palace for the Snow Queen, and Ellie traps them inside a bubble using the device. They find Dimly and release him from his cell by turning the device into a key, and locking the Snow Queen's reindeer inside. They attempt to escape, but Dimly is too weak to fly at the moment. The Snow Queen and the Iceosaurus attack them, but Freda's device turns into a kind of shield that Ellie uses to deflect the ice beams the Snow Queen shoots at her, eventually causing one to hit the Iceosaurus, which falls and crashes into the ground, causing a massive volcanic eruption. Brenda escapes the flood of lava and gets Ellie, Peeps, and Dimly to safety, while the panicked Snow Queen attempts to flee on feet, but is unable to escape her crumbling palace and falls down into the lava. As Brenda takes Ellie, Peeps, and Dimly back home, Eric, Baggy, Wardrobe, Pearl, and Elspeth watch as the Snow Queen's castle is destroyed, and walk off once the eruption is over. The final scene shows the Snow Queen emerging and drifting through the river of molten magma, her body intact but now either encased in or turned to stone along with her staff . Her eyes glow onimously before the credits roll, indicating that she is still alive and might possibly one day return once again.