Detroit, Michigan 1968, A nightclub MC named Red  introduces a local singer Black  who performs his song "I'm a Man". While Black performs Stix  an aspiring record label executive is watching in the club, meanwhile 19 year old Sparkle Anderson  talks with her eldest sister, 28 year old Tammy "Sister" Anderson  backstage, making sure she's ready to go onstage to perform a song she wrote. After performing Black encounters Sister and Sparkle backstage, attempting to flirt with Sister, but instead of accepting his advances, teases him by slitting the side of her mini-dress above the thigh, before walking on stage. Sister, being the sultry and sexy sister, does a solo performance of a song that Sparkle wrote titled "Yes I Do" that grabs all the men's attention, while Sparkle looks on proudly from in front of the stage. Stix spots Sister and Sparkle, and wants to talk to them, as they're rushing out, but she and Sister leave the club and rush home. As Sister and Sparkle arrive home, their middle sister 24 year old Delores/Dee  opens the door and they sneak upstairs to their room to avoid having their mother hear them come in. Emma , the girls' mother, walks into the girls' room and notices Sparkle, Sister and Dee in bed together pretending to be sleep, but Emma being the wise and clever mother she is, sees right through it, and demands that Sister and Sparkle prepare for bed and be ready for church in the morning. The next morning while at church Stix along with his older cousin Levi  spot Sister, Dee, and Sparkle sitting in the choir. Levi tells Stix that Sister, Dee, and Sparkle are siblings with equal musical talent, and Stix is interested in meeting Sparkle. After church Stix and Sparkle meet and talk for a while, as Emma notices and looks on disapprovingly. Ms. Waters  Emma's long time best friend points out that Emma's oldest daughter Sister is almost 30, and due to a bad situation in New York City was forced to move back to Detroit to live with Emma. Later that night Emma hosts a Bible study at her home in which both Levi and Stix are present, however Levi takes the time to make a date with Sister who is uninterested and not participating in her mother's Bible study. After Emma and everyone leave the house, Stix secretly stays behind and notices Sparkle playing an original song that she wrote on a piano. Stix tries to encourage Sparkle to sing. A few nights later Stix comes to Sparkle's home to take her on a date at a nightclub. On the way home while sitting in front of Sparkle's home Stix tries again to encourage Sparkle to pursue a music career and tries to convince her to form a group with her sisters. Sparkle tells Stix that her mother was a former singer, but almost died pursuing her dream. One day after church Stix tries to convince Dee and Sister to form a music group with Sparkle and Sparkle becomes angry feeling that Stix had used her to speak with Dee and Sister about his plan. Dee explains that she will take part in order to make enough money for medical school, then will quit, while Sister is undecided as she will be starting a new job working at a department store. While at Emma's boutique, Ms. Waters shows Sparkle old photos of Emma with Sparkle's father and photos of Emma with Dee's father, explaining how different Emma was when she was with Sparkle and Sister's father. Sparkle leaves and goes to a record store where she sees Stix again. The two make up, and arrange a way for Sparkle to convince her big sisters to join in. While on a date, Sister and Levi are having a good evening at a local cafe, and are really starting to feel something for one another. Levi expresses his love to Sister, and hands her a small ring box which only contains a picture of a ring, as Levi promises to one day give Sister a real engagement ring once he could afford it, touching Sister's heart. Moments later comedian Satin Struthers  comes into the diner with his entourage, noticing Sister and Levi and begins to insult Levi for not being able to afford a real ring to give Sister. Satin has an immediate attraction to Sistr, and photographs her as she exits the diner with Levi. After receiving her first paycheck from her new job which only amounts to $96, Sister is convinced by Dee and Sparkle that if they enter this local talent show they could win hundreds of dollars, which would finally help Sister move out of Emma's home. Levi picks the sisters up, and drive them to the club where Stix is waiting for them, and they watch as another girl group  perform their song, "Running." Sister, at the last minute, changes their practice, and tells her sisters to follow her lead, and together give a show like no other. Sister wows the crowd with her sexually seductive lead performing "Hooked on Your Love". Satin watches Sister perform and is mesmerized as Levi becomes uncomfortable noticing the attention Sister is getting from Satin & other men there. The sisters become a popular act and are invited back to perform at various clubs throughout Detroit. A montage of the sisters performing "Jump" at different clubs is shown. Sister, Sparkle and Dee sit in a dressing room as Stix and Levi come to congratulate them on their performance. Levi and Sister, now a serious couple, Levi hands Sister a bouquet of flowers, telling her how proud he was of her, but Satin soon comes in giving Sister a ring which she eagerly accepts. Levi sees this gesture and becomes enraged and gets into a fight with Satin, but is pulled away by Stix. Afterwards Levi confronts Stix about not sticking up for him during the fight with Satin since they are cousins. Emma invites her minister Reverend Bryce, Ms. Waters, and her daughter Bertha over for dinner after church, but the dinner is interrupted when Sister brings Satin whom she is now engaged to. Satin makes insulting and rude remarks at the dinner and Emma makes her dislike for him known to everyone at the table. In response Sister lashes out at Emma criticizing her for having her as a teen then forcing Sister to raise Sparkle and Dee as Emma was passed out drunk occasionally and trying to pursue a music career. Emma responds that Sister isn't telling the whole story, and tells her that if she leaves with Satin she is never to come back. Sister packs her bags and leaves with Satin. Dee, Sparkle and a visibly high Sister rehearse for a performance at Satin and Sister's home, until Satin comes into the room and interrupts wanting Dee and Sparkle to leave. The girls are invited to open for Aretha Franklin on a television show, and while Dee and Sparkle get ready, Sister walks in with a black eye and bruises. Sparkle and Dee realize that Satin has been beating Sister, and has gotten her hooked on cocaine causing a fight to break out between the three. Sister then adds her makeup, and gets high telling her sisters: "Sister can't fly on one wing." That evening, Sparkle, Sister and Dee perform a stunning, sexy, version of "Something He Can Feel", when Emma happens to wake up at home and catches a glimpse of their performance on television. She becomes both shocked and angry that her girls have been singing outside the church against her wishes. After their performance Stix introduces the girls to Columbia Records executive Larry who offers to sign them as a group. Dee and Sparkle try to get Sister to come home with them and leave Satin, but as they leave Sister spots Satin and goes back to him. At home Emma scolds Sparkle about her trying to pursue a career in the music industry, going as far as throwing a book which Sparkle has written song lyrics in the trash. Emma gives Sparkle an ultimatum that if she wants to continue living with her she must give up pursuing a music career. At a club Satin is performing for his first all-black audience, but his jokes are trite, pandering, and ill received. Levi who is sitting in the audience with a new woman begins to mock him, receiving more laughs from the audience than Satin, prompting an angered and annoyed Satin to attack Levi. Levi sees an obviously high, unhappy Sister walking out of the club and sarcastically tells her she's never looked better. Satin and Sister run to Satin's car and drive home. At home Satin chases Sister through the home beating her mercilessly. Dee, Sparkle and Sister have a meeting with Columbia Records, Dee and Sparkle arrive and can't find Sister, but soon find her in a utility room beaten and looking for a cocaine fix. After hearing rumors that Sister is now an abused junkie, the rumors are confirmed when Stix, Larry and Columbia executives find the sisters in the backroom and notice Sister beaten with a broken cocaine vial on the floor in front of her. Stix tries to get Sparkle to leave with him and get married declaring that they could move to California, and start a new life together. Sparkle however turns down Stix's proposal, saying her sisters and mother need her. At Satin and Sister's home, Dee and Sparkle try to get Sister to leave and get help for her cocaine problem, but Satin shows up demanding Dee and Sparkle leave. When Dee and Sparkle insist they're not leaving without Sister, Satin punches Sparkle. Sister, seeing this, lashes out at Satin attacking him head on, as Dee helps her fight him. Soon all three of the sisters are in a fight with Satin, but Dee strikes Satin in the back of the head with a fire iron as he attempts to hit Sparkle again. Satin falls unconscious, and Dee tries to administer CPR, but the sisters realize Satin is dead. Sister orders Sparkle and Dee to leave the house, and she begins to cry in misery over the mistake of allowing herself to love Satin costing her everything. When the police arrive Sister pleads self-defense, and is arrested and charged with manslaughter taking the full blame for the entire ordeal. As Sister's arrest makes newspaper headlines, Saddened Emma leads her church choir in a performance of "His Eye is on the Sparrow". After church Emma arrives home to find Dee packing up to leave. Dee tells Emma that she was accepted to Meharry Medical College, and must leave at that moment in order to start research for scholarships which will pay for her schooling. Dee thanks Emma for her strict rules, and tells her that she loves her. A proud Emma hugs Dee thanking her for giving her the proof that she did a few things right. Sparkle visits Sister in prison, and tells her about Dee getting into medical school, making Sister happy, who assures her that she'd be getting out in two to three years, and that she was clean now. She asks Sparkle and Stix's relationship, in which Sparkle tells her that her and Stix broke up. Sister tells Sparkle not to visit her anymore when she sees Sparkle about to make the mistake as saying she was involved in the crime, and she doesn't want Sparkle to be dragged down into Sister's tragedy. Soon after Sparkle moves out of Emma's home, renting her own apartment. Sparkle also shows up at Columbia Records everyday until she gets a meeting with Larry. She convinces Larry to give her a shot, but she must first put on a musical showcase to seal the deal. Sparkle reaches out to Stix to help her set up her first solo concert. Sparkle goes back to her mother's home to invite her to see her show, but Emma seems uninterested, to where Ms. Waters tells her to not make the same mistake again. As Sparkle rehearses for her show Stix gives her a cupcake and a candy ring after Sparkle says her wish is that he propose to her again, properly. Sparkle performs "Look Into Your Heart" with Stix. Emma goes to visit Sister in prison, in which Sister states that Emma appears tired and worn out, and the two have a talk about their relationship. While getting ready in her dressing room Sparkle suffers a nose bleed ruining her dress, but Emma walks in to Sparkle's surprise with a new dress Sister suggested her to make for Sparkle to give her confidence. Emma expresses that she's proud Sparkle has decided to follow her dreams, and wishes her a great show. Sparkle goes out on stage and performs "One Wing", a song which she dedicates to Sister. A proud Emma and Ms. Waters watches in the audience while Stix and Larry watch from the side of the stage. Larry informs Stix that he wants to sign Sparkle. As the closing credits begin Sparkle's show continues with her performing "Love Will", as the crowd cheers.