= Detective Hathaway meets with a young witness who says he has seen a zombie attack. He presents Hathaway with a building access pass that fell out of the attacker's pocket. The pass is for the Romero Chemical Plant. Hathaway then goes to the President of Romero Chemicals. He confronts him about an incident that occurred in the plant that he funded. The President disregards it as an accident, but Hathaway argues. He tells the President that he is going to look around the building that was on the note. He leaves, and the President makes an urgent phone call saying "He knows". He goes to the building and is attacked by a zombie. He manages to kill the zombie by pressing its head against exposed nails in the wall. He then calls someone to buy his wife a ticket to Michigan because it is not safe for her. But that night at the train depot, she tells him that she loves him and doesn't want him getting into danger. Seconds later, a massive train wreck occurs confirming his wife's staying. The next morning they are looking out at the wreck and are attacked by a zombie, who Hathaway shoots. That night, Hathaway records in his audio journal that the attacks are putting stress on his town and his marriage. He then gets a call from an Air Force officer that served with Hathaway in Vietnam who tells him that an airman committed suicide because there was a secret he could no longer keep. He then gives him top-secret information about a doctor that the late airman worked for. He goes to meet this doctor who says that he has found a cure for the zombie epidemic and begins to test it on a victim of the virus. However, the victim wakes up and bites the doctor turning him into a zombie. Hathaway shoots them both. He goes home to see that his wife has been turned into a zombie. She attacks him, but he injects the antidote into her neck. He gets ready to shoot her but she is cured of the virus and they embrace. The film ends and we hear a small announcement from the director, Charles Kaznyk, who tells the audience how much fun they had making it and that he hopes they choose his film for the festival. Alice, in zombie makeup, then attacks Charles and bites him, leaving his fate unknown.