{{plot}} Paul "Wrecking" Crewe  is a former NFL player disgraced for shaving points in a big game. He gets in an argument with his rich girlfriend, Lena , regarding his failure. He locks her in a closet, gets drunk, and goes joyriding in her Bentley Continental GT through San Diego. After completely wrecking the car and disabling several police cruisers in the process, he gets arrested and convicted for grand theft auto and driving while intoxicated, and is sentenced to three years in Allenville Penitentiary in Texas. In prison, Warden Hazen  asks Crewe to help the prison guards' football team. Crewe, under threat of an extra five years in prison for a falsified accusation of attacking Captain Knauer , decides to help him. He informs Hazen that what his team needs is a tune-up game. Hazen decides that Crewe, with the help of a fellow inmate, Caretaker , will make a team out of the inmates for them to play as their tune-up game. He starts off with a poorly organized team, before being noticed by another prisoner, former college football star and 1955 Heisman Trophy winner, Nate Scarborough , who decides to help him by coaching the team. Crewe, Nate and Caretaker find a rating system on the criminals . They all set out to find and recruit some five star inmates: linebacker "Battle" ; fullback Turley ; and at safety, Torres , a chain-smoking outsider. But after realizing their team is built on power and nastiness  and there is no offensive threats on the team, Crewe realizes he needs more players. Caretaker suggests that it is due to their lack of "brothers", as they only have one currently on their team: defensive lineman Switowski , a childlike and friendly, but large strongman. Crew approaches the black inmates, but one of them, Deacon Moss , says that none of them want to play on his team because of Crewe's point-shaving history. So Crewe challenges Deacon to a 1-on-1 basketball game where if Crewe wins, the men will join the team. They play basketball and call their own fouls, with Crewe getting physically punished during the game. Despite Crewe losing, one of the black inmates, Earl Megget , is impressed by Crewe's resilience and joins the team, which Deacon allows with no consequence. Megget becomes the team's running back by impressing Crewe with his running ability. After a tip from Unger  that Crewe and Meggett are the only real offensive threats on the team, Captain Knauer, the guards' quarterback, decides that the guards should try to stop Megget by trying to get him to assault one of them and sticking him in solitary confinement. Three guards, Denham , Garner , and Engleheart  try to provoke Megget by using racial slurs and making him pick up books they dropped on the floor repeatedly. The guards give up on this after he withstands their harassment without being provoked. Witnessing this, Moss, "Cheeseburger" Eddy , and the rest of black inmates agree to join the football team. Hazen and the guards go to extreme lengths to stop Crewe's squad, even flooding their field, but the team overcomes these obstacles. Caretaker suggests that since the guards have been playing dirty, that the inmates should start acting more like criminals, such as swapping Engleheart's anabolic steroids for estrogen pills, examining x-rays of guards with broken bones, and acquiring tapes of the guards' past games from Hazen's elderly secretary Lynette , in exchange for Crewe playing sexual games with her and Brucie  caught in love with a sissy called Miss Tucker  by camera CCTV. After watching both evidence videos to the dismay of both Crewe and Brucie, Scarborough plays the guards' past games videos in order to examine the guards' formation and explain it to his teammates. Unger secretly spies on the activities of the inmates who are watching a movie, and he immediately tells Guard Garner. To sabotage the inmates' morale, the guards Garner, Engleheart, Holland, and Lambert have Unger plant a bomb in Crewe's cell during the inmates last practice. Crewe, deciding to stay with the team for their post-practice hype, doesn't notice Caretaker going to Crewe's cell to leave him a present. Unger, waiting for Crewe to enter his cell, doesn't notice Caretaker going into Crewe's cell. Caretaker places an old college picture of Crewe as a present on top of his radio. Caretaker hears the music that Unger used to provoke Crewe to change the channel, and he changes it, causing it to explode. Unger, still not knowing it was Caretaker, closes the cell door to keep any help from arriving. Crewe and Scarborough arrive too late and watch Caretaker burn to his death. At the funeral the next day, Crewe and the football team leave presents for Caretaker including a bible from Moss, "Cheeseburger" Eddy's Cheesburger, Caretaker's stopwatch and whistle from Scarborough, and a picture of his mother from Crewe that he showed him a few nights before. During game day, the inmates, now calling themselves "Mean Machine", with gear provided by the late Caretaker, overcome a rough start, and Crewe has to help the team realize that winning the game is more important than personal grudges. One of the referees is also corrupt, and Crewe has to force him to make fair calls by giving up two downs to throw the ball in his groin. The first half ends with the score tied. The angered Hazen informs Crewe that if he does not lose he will be framed for the murder of Caretaker. Crewe acquiesces to Hazen's threat. After the guards score touchdowns while inflicting punishment on the inmates, Crewe fakes an injury to leave the field. After seeing how the team fails in dismay, Crewe asks Skitchy if the time spent in jail for fighting with the warden was worth it. Skitchy replies, "Every goddamn minute," and Crewe returns to the field, but the other inmates, believing he has returned to his old point-shaving ways, ignore him and allow him to get tackled twice. After losing his helmet and still getting the first down, Crewe admits his sabotage to the other inmates, and asks for their forgiveness. United again as a team, the Mean Machine scores two touchdowns to cut the guards' lead to 35-28, but Megget injures his knee. Scarborough comes in for one play as replacement and scores a touchdown off a trick play involving a fumble called a Fumblerooski. They decide to go for the two point conversion and the win. As they get up to the line they seem to be confused and Crewe and Coach start arguing in order to trick the guards. Moss gets the snap and passes it to Crewe, who scores the winning conversion. Knauer, with a newfound respect for Crewe, lets him know that he will testify that Crewe had nothing to do with Caretaker's death. Hazen admonishes Knauer for losing a fixed game and notices that Crewe is heading towards the exit along with the fans. Retrieving a sniper-rifle, he demands that Crewe be shot for attempting to escape. Knauer hesitates because of the numerous people near Crewe. Knauer sights up Crewe, but hesitates again, calling out Crewe's name to get him to stop. As it is revealed that Crewe is only picking up the game football and returning, Knauer angrily hands the rifle back to Hazen and leaves, while Crewe gives the game ball to Hazen, telling him to place it in his trophy case. Crewe and Scarborough walk back to the locker room and mention that they should deal with Unger, which subtly implies Unger could be killed for murdering Caretaker. Moss and Battle pour a cooler of Gatorade on Hazen in a mockery of a typical football game celebration. Hazen angrily shouts that they will receive a week in the hotbox. Battle yells back, "Who gives a shit!" In a cold ending, a disgruntled Hazen gets into his car and tells the driver to take him home, only to reveal that Miss Tucker snuck out of prison and took the place of his driver, saying to Hazen, "Now, is that anyway to talk to a lady?"