The film begins with Vizag being shown in 1980 in which a ladies college bus makes its scheduled bus stop. Krishna , standing at the bus stop, keeps looking at Srinidhi , whom he loves, but doesn't express it. He has been doing that for the last three years but without any response from her. Srinidhi also likes Krishna, but doesn't reveal it, as she fears by doing so, she may put her family in trouble. On the last day of the college, Krishna decides to propose to her. So he disguises himself in a 'burqa' and boards the bus. However, the bus conductor recognizes him and forces the bus driver to stop the bus. However, before he could stop it, the bus gets involved in an accident. Krishna saves Srinidhi from the mishap, but gets killed in the process. Shocked about Krishna's death, Srinidhi kills herself at the grave of Krishna. The film moves to 2012 in Paris, where Sravanthi , daughter of the Indian Ambassador to France ([[Suman  and a medical student, is leading a stifling life due to her father's security around her. She wants to break away from this life and live with freedom. She fantasizes an unidentified person in her dream every day, falls for him and she promises her friends to marry him whoever he may be. One day, when her father had to leave the country due to his professional commitments, she stealthily escapes from her home and goes on a tour of the whole country side with her friends and is able to free herself at last from the security around her. Ram  is a happy-go-lucky guy who is a headache to his father  as he doesn't take life seriously. So his father sends him to Paris for a job, which he arranges through his friend without the knowledge of Ram. One day Ram sees Sravanthi standing on a railing of the bridge over a river and forces her to get down. They soon get acquainted and soon friendship blossoms between them. Meanwhile, Sravanthi's father is worried that she hasn't returned since he left and asks his Chief Security Officer DK  to find her. Sravanthi and Ram both want to leave for India. Ram gets his passport by bluffing Sravanthi's father. However, at the airport, he is not able to trace Sravanthi and leaves for India alone. After reaching India, he finds Sravanthi to his surprise at the airport. Sravanthi reveals that Ram has been talking to the soul of Sravanthi. She went into a coma after an accident which was a part of conspiracy hatched by DK and his agent in India . She is visible only to Ram but not to others, owing to their previous lives. Ram protects Sravanthi's body by taking her to his aunt 's hospital. His aunt tells him that she can survive if and only if a German medicine is given in three doses at exactly the same time but at different periods. Two doses are given to Sravanthi's body without much of a problem. Meanwhile, DK tries to kill Sravanthi by having her body kidnapped, but Ram is able to rescue her body. In the end, DK gets killed and Sravanthi is given the third and last dose. She recovers, but fails to recognize Ram. Sravanthi's father arrives at the very moment and gets Ram arrested for cheating him. But he later apologies to Ram after learning of the risk he faced to save his daughter, and gets ready to leave Paris that night with Sravanthi. Their car tyre gets punctured and meanwhile, Sravanthi sees the same location she witnesses in her dream and also sees a person kicking a coke tin which hurts her. When she goes near to see him, the person is none other than Ram. Sravanthi recollects everything that happened between them in this life and expresses her love by hugging him. At last they both get married.