At a music hall, a trio of singers performed by their microphones while an orchestra behind them plays. Enjoying their act are guests who dance on a square similar to a boxing ring. When the musicians stop to play another song, the square carrying some of the guests gets moved out and replaced by another one. In a few moments, the stuttering announcer, , introduces the special guest of the event. The special guest is none other than Krazy Kat. To entertain the crowd in attendance, Krazy plays some short tunes in a piano. As he continues playing, the Marx Brothers popped out of the piano and shook hands with him before leaving in a very long bicycle. When Krazy was about to continue playing his instrument, he was interrupted by a noise coming from one of the tables. By that table, Laurel and Hardy were eating peas and roast chicken. While Hardy was eating with ease, the other guy appears to be having difficulty. Everytime Laurel scoops up peas with a spoon, they would often fall off and make a sound that's quite loud to some. Bothered by this, Hardy provided assistance. Krazy then came to their table and asks them to be quiet as possible. Thinking about having a little meal, Krazy saw a cross-eyed man  eating spaghetti. Krazy came to the man's table and decided to have a share of the food. While they eat, a waiter  carrying fruits in a bowl was passing by, and nearby attendants started grabbing anything they can get. Krazy also tries to pick a fruit but mistakenly grabs the waiter's long nose instead, much to the latter's annoyance. In reply, the waiter mumbles a few words and splats the platter of spaghetti right on top Krazy. Krazy, however, gets cleaned up by someone from another table who uses a water-spraying bottle. Still wondering the music hall, Krazy notices the orchestra was fast asleep. He then wakes them up and tells them to continue playing. When music was played again, Krazy started dancing at the center floor, and all those whom he came across with started joining him there. Watching from the tables, the attendants enjoyed the celebration.