The film opens at the birthday party of Elaine  and successful businessman Grant's  daughter Abby . A seemingly happy housewife, Elaine is shocked to overhear a romantic phone conversation of Grant and a 20-year-old girl. Encouraged by her best friend Katherine Thomas , Elaine confronts her husband, who claims that the affair was nothing more than a one-night stand with a call girl whom he met at a surprise party for his son from an earlier marriage, Ross . Devastated, Elaine considers leaving her husband, but Katherine convinces her to try to forgive him. Elaine tries to get even by starting an affair herself, but finally can not go through with it and returns to Grant. Life seems to turn to normal, until one day Grant runs into the call girl, Adrianne Arness , and pictures are taken of their meeting. The pictures, along with photos of a bruised Adrianne, are sent to Elaine. Grant is able to make Elaine believe that Adrianne is setting her up, and inspires her to contact an old family friend, Sonny , to investigate Adrianne on her background and motives. With some difficulty, Sonny gets into her file, and claims that Adrianne is not a serious threat, considering her lack of intention to inform the police. His claims prove wrong though, because sometime later Adrianne sues Grant for abuse. When Adrianne offers to drop the case in exchange for $50,000, Grant gives in to the demand and gives her a late visit to hand over the money. The next day, Adrianne is found murdered with the money missing, and Grant becomes the prime suspect. During trial, Ross testifies against his father, and claims that he was battered by Grant as a child. Elaine believes that these claims are lies as a way to avenge his father for marrying a woman  the same age as himself. Another claim includes Grant's interest in sadomasochism, which Elaine dismisses as well. Nevertheless, she is hurt by all the allegations, and seeks comfort with Sonny, with whom she engages in a sexual affair. The viewer learns that Ross made the picture of Grant and Adrianne together, and that Elaine has been wanting to ruin Grant's life since finding out about his betrayal. While playing his supporting wife, Elaine conspires with Ross to have Grant convicted for a crime he did not commit. This not only includes a false testimony on Ross's behalf, but also having pictures taken of a battered Adrianne, and sending them to the police. During sex with Elaine, Ross admits that he has killed Adrianne due to her unwillingness to keep up the conspiracy. Elaine and Ross's eventual plan is to take over the half of Grant's business and be wealthy forever. Meanwhile, Grant announces his resignation from the company. Sonny tries to convince Elaine to leave her husband to be with him, but Elaine assures him that she could never abandon her support for Grant. Nevertheless, Sonny is encouraged to further investigate the case, and he goes to confront Ross on his multiple lies. Ross feels threatened and forces Elaine to keep Sonny off his back. The next day, an anonymous tip considering the whereabouts of the $50,000 leads to a house investigation of Elaine and Grant's summer house. Meanwhile, Sonny has found out that Ross was at Adrianne's place when she was murdered, and orders a house warrant to collect proof for it. As expected, he finds the evidence, and Ross is quickly arrested. Ross is aware that Elaine has set him up, though, because he has cleaned the apartment before the police arrived, and only Elaine could have planted the evidence. After bail, he confronts her, but Elaine assures him that no evidence will ever lead to her. Elaine is unaware, though, that Ross had Sonny hidden in the room, who hears Elaine's entire confession and conspiracy. Elaine attempts to seduce him in order not to take a fall, and claims that Ross is responsible for the outlet of the conspiracy. Sonny dismisses her, though, and announces to make sure to destroy her life, like she did with Grant.