First phase  Second phase  Occurs during the display of the novel, in 1996, Bruno and shows as a successful farmer, known by the nickname King of the Cattle, for possessing a large herd. A man of simple habits, to whom the wealth is just something else, Bruno lives an unhappy marriage to Leah and has two sons, Mark and Leah. Upon discovering the betrayal of Leah with the driver Ralf, Bruno separates himself from it. When having to solve the problem of occupation of their farms, Pereira Barreto, a group of landless led by Regino and his wife, Jacira, Bruno knows the day-workers Luana aloof. The two fall in love, unaware that they are actually cousins. He begins to find happiness, only it has yet to experience one of the uncles, the old-Geremias Berdinazzi a powerful millionaire was known as King Coffee and Milk Guaxupé Minas Gerais, as both the manifest intention of buying land both families belonged to the past. Even so long after the rift between the Berdinazzi and Mezenga continues. The day-workers Luana, who lived in the camp of the landless was actually Berdinazzi Marieta, the only niece Geremias alive, but had long been missing. As he had no heir, the fortune of Geremias always been an easy target for speculation. And then here comes a mysterious Marietta, appearing out of nowhere, saying if they manage to be the niece was looking for. This woman actually was called Rafaela was a coup and an eye on the legacy of the producer. The villain was able to keep all the post niece and heir of the family fortune, was even able to make an attempt on the life of Geremias for him to die soon and not take it off the inheritance. The truth, enretanto, Luana appeared and took what was rightfully his. Geremias still ended up finding another nephew in Italy, the young Giuseppe who returned to Brazil and has inherited the legacy of the farmer with Luana. Aparicio and Joe Bento two singers are passionate about the wilderness that decide to join to form a double hinterland, hence born Saracura and Firefly. Bruno's daughter, Leah, a young sweet and kind, Firefly falls for and against the wishes of the family, he leaves with the road to live their love in a bus followed from city to city. But the son of Bruno, the rebellious Mark, a young man who was not worried about tomorrow, engages with Liliana Caxias, the daughter of Senator Robert Caxias and deludes the point of abandoning the child. A blow too hard for a dreamy girl who still had to live with the lack of attention his father, who only had their head fixed in the struggle of the landless.