On a Friday night in Nottingham, after a drunken house party with his friends, Russell ([[Tom Cullen  heads out to a gay club, alone and looking for an encounter. Just before closing time he picks up Glen , an aspiring artist, and they end up sleeping together back in Russell's apartment. Russell, who works as a lifeguard, feels inferior about his job. The next day Glen and Russell meet up and the two ride Russell's bike together. Back at Russell's apartment, they spend the day together, sharing stories of their past encounters and their experiences as gay men. Russell confides to Glen how he grew up in a foster home with a friend, Jamie, whom he considered as his brother; during this time he was closeted. Russell learns that Glen is leaving for Oregon the next day for a two-year art course. This leaves Russell upset. Glen invites him to attend a party he is throwing in a bar that night. Instead of forgetting his developing relationship with Glen, Russell later goes to see him in the bar. One of Glen's friend mentions to Russell how Glen had a relationship with a guy named John, who cheated on him but became a martyr in their relationship and how he got beaten up in the park. The pair get out of the bar and spend their time in the amusement park where Glen admits that he is never happy and feels down whenever he's with his friends. When they get back to Russell's place, they smoke marijuana but it is not long before they have an argument as Glen speculates that things would be perfect for them in America, where they would have equal rights, rather than in England. Russell feels it's right to fight for their equal rights and believes they could be happy together. Russell then rebukes Glen for not breaking up with John despite knowing that John was cheating on him. Glen then strikes back at Russell telling him that he doesn't know anything about his life and that he couldn't even stand up for himself. This upsets Russell and he leaves. However, Russell and Glen are reconciled, and soon they passionately share a kiss and have sex. In the morning, they play a game where Glen pretends to be Russell's father where he could finally come out to him . After Glen leaves, Russell feels desolate and goes to attend the birthday party of his friend Jamie's daughter. Jamie asks him what is wrong and he finally admits he loves Glen and is afraid of letting him go. Jamie then drives Russell to the train station where he could catch up with the departing Glen. He gets there in time and chances upon Glen who thought he would never show up. They say their last goodbyes and Glen kisses Russell, who finally overcomes his fear of being "out" in public. Glen hands Russell a present, which is a voice recorder on which Glen had earlier recorded Russell's account of how they met and their first encounter.