Hari  has been missing for seven years and Ani  wanted to find him. Hari was Ani's friend from childhood; besides Ani's younger sister Ashwathi's  wedding was almost finalized with Hari, her cousin. He found his grandmother in tears most of the time and watching her, he decided that he must reach Hari somehow. For many years Ani has been searching for Hari. So when Ani recognizes Hari in a TV program featuring Punjab, he sets forth to Punjab with great expectations of finding Hari. In Punjab, he arrives in Mallu Street and to his wonder, he locates Hari. But Hari's name is Harinder Singh, he courts a beard and turban and his attire is purely Punjabi. Even in his behavior, Harinder Singh alias Mallu Singh looks a typical Punjabi. Ani wanted to make sure about Hari's identity and so decides to stay put for a longer period. While contemplating the hurdles he has to overcome in a strange land to learn the truth, help arrives in the form of Karthi  and Pappan  . Together, the three go in search of proof to make sure that Mallu Singh is Hari. Somewhere along the line, Suseelan  joins the threesome making the situation worse. Suseelan came to Punjab to start a hair cutting saloon but on finding that no one in Punjab cuts his hair, took up cycle repair as his occupation for survival. Ani tries all his luck to make Hari reveal the truth. He even brings his sister to Punjab. Even after Harinder Singh's marriage gets fixed with Ashwathi, Hari refuses to admit that he is Hari. Disheartened, Ani says that he is not ready for the marriage and they plans to go back to Kerala. Hari comes to their room and tells them that the real Harinder singh  got killed in an accident because Hari slept while driving his truck. Since he took Harinder Singh's role in their family, he cannot live as Hari anymore. Harinder singh's father hears this and says that Hari can live with them as their son but he has to go back to Kerala and settle his family problems. Hari, Ani, Karthi and Pappan comes to Kerala and beats up Hari's cousins who were trying to take their property from them. Once things get settled, they all move back to Punjab for the life ahead.