The movie begins with the opera Orpheus in the Underworld, introducing Dominik Santorski and his parent's life. His parents, Andrzej and Beata, are a minister and an ad executive, respectively. Dominik has a charmed life. He is popular at his private school, an orange belt in judo, and has a personal driver. He has been spoiled by the perks his parents give him. He demands strangers refer to him as 'sir' and constantly tells people to turn off their radios, whether he knows them or not, because he doesn't like techno. While at school, his friends stumble upon a self-harm video while using his computer. While picking up a jacket from his mother's office, he is accidentally locked in a hallway. He watches the rest of the self-harm video, and leaves comments for the poster. Later at prom, the parents show how removed they are from Dominik's life when the headmaster makes an appearance and they had no clue who he was. After the parents leave prom, the students begin their after party. While drinking, a girl admits to lesbian experimentation. She agrees to demonstrate for her friends, to their amusement. Dominik is then asked to kiss a boy, for the group's continued amusement. He agrees and makes out with one of his friends. They begin making out, as the joke wears on too long. A video of the kiss is posted to social media sites shortly after. Dominik's friends tease him about the make-up in the following days. He's plays along, returning his male friend's 'pretend' longing gaze. Dominik and his friend then go to judo practice. Dominik is quickly pinned beneath his friend, but does not try to escape. Being beneath his friend excites him to the point of ejaculation. The story quickly ends up on a Facebook-like site. This angers Dominik and he's invited to come speak on a 3D social network. He meets Sylwia , a suicidal girl who cuts and wears a mask, in 'Sala Samobójców' or The Suicide Room. Sylwia and Dominik share laughs and conversations that link them together, for better and worse. Dominik begins skipping school to spend more time with Sylwia. Dominik returns to The Suicide Room to meet Sylwia again only to be met by Sylwia's followers. Dominik challenges Jasper, the first follower to confront him, to a duel in F.E.A.R. 2: Project Origin. Dominik spends most of the fight running, but manages to win by using a rocket launcher at point-blank range as Jasper enters a room, despite the blast killing himself as well. Defeating Jasper earns the respect of the rest of Sylwia's followers, but Jasper acts out and is banished from the group. In The Suicide Room, the group watches films of people killing themselves. When Dominik is logging off, he says he has to go. Sylwia says he is like the ocean, and explains that they can't make him do anything. Dominik and his family go to see another opera, where they try to pair him with another family's daughter. Dominik acts out and says that he's gay and begins to make out with one of the male busts in the lobby. His parents, embarrassed by Dominik's outburst, are angry with him and force him to go back to school. He returns home and sees a video about the kissing incident, showing shadow puppets named after the two boys engage in various homosexual acts. The video drives Dominik to tears and causes him to rampage through his room. Sylwia mocks him for being upset. When he continues to cry, she calls him different. Because he is different, Sylwia encourages him to scare the normal people. Dominik changes his style, adopting the hair styles and clothing of the emo subculture, and takes his father's gun to school. When his judo partner approaches him with some friends after school, Dominik panics and runs to the safety of a taxi. When recounting the incident to Sylwia, he claims that he had scared his friend, and was in total control of the situation. She believes his lie, and is impressed with him. They return to The Suicide Room and Dominik finds out that Sylwia is a shut-in and hadn't left her room in 3 years. Dominik stays locked in his room for 10 days talking with her and refusing to eat. His parents, who often spend days out of the house on business, don't notice. Eventually, their housekeeper calls the police, who they break in to find Dominik sitting in a pool of his blood beside a broken mirror. He is sent to a hospital and kept in a psychiatric ward for 3 days. His parents, having finally returned home and found him missing, arrive to take him home. They claim he shouldn't be wasting time at the hospital when his final exams are so close. The doctor refuses to release him to their protective custody because Dominik refuses to talk to them, and they were obviously unaware he had quit going to school ten days ago. Eventually, Dominik agrees to go home. When he returns to The Suicide Room, he hears the group discussing their plans for suicide, but they refuse to discuss it with him. Upon hearing that his parents are trying to get him to speak with a psychologist, Sylwia opens up to him. She tells him a love story that ends with the lovers killing themselves with pills and alcohol. After telling Dominik that this is how she wants to die, she begs him to get pills for her from the doctor. Their talk is interrupted when footprints begin appearing in the sand. After a short fight, the invisible spy is revealed to be Jasper. Jasper admits to hacking The Suicide Room, and having learned the truth about many of the members. He gives examples of how their avatars in the game hide their personal shortcomings, such as a thin girl really being very fat, or the large Minotaur being a man in a wheelchair. Dominik kills him after he calls Sylwia a whore. Dominik's parents write Dominik a letter, at the doctor's behest. He reads it to Sylwia, who finds it hilarious. Dominik rips the letter up. His parents decide that the doctor's methods won't cure Dominik before his final exams, so they demand the name of one that with simply give him drugs. When the new doctor arrives and interviews Dominik, Sylwia feeds him answers that will lead the doctor to give him the right pills. He follows the lines Sylwia gives him, but continually remarks about how no one should want to die, in a plea to make her reconsider her suicide. As Dominik and Sylwia discuss where to meet and transfer the pills, she tells him that failure to show up would mean he could never talk to her again. Before the plans are set, Dominik's father rips out the router. Dominik panics, bouncing from threatening to kill his parents to begging his 'Mummy' to help her son. His mother attempts to plug the cords back in, but his father stops her physically. Dominik bursts from his room and collapses. Later, explains to his parents what The Suicide Room is. He tells them that the members are his new family, and is banned from returning, even to explain that he can't come back. Still wanting to see Sylwia, he takes the pills to the bar they had discussed. The bartender forces him to order something, which leads to Dominik drinking a large beer. He heads to the bathroom, and decides to dump the pills. After throwing a few handfuls into the toilet, Dominik takes one of the pills. Two handfuls of the medicine follow, and he quickly starts feeling ill. Dominik finds a couple making out, and starts filming them. They take the camera and begin filming Dominik's delirium. He mocks his father and himself, laughing at his own drunken imitations. He returns to the bar and sees Sylwia - this is an illusion from the pills Dominik has taken. He imagines they walk out onto the dance floor and kiss. Later at The Suicide Room Sylwia is talking to her followers and asks if he's ever been gone for so long before. They talk as Sylwia stays by herself. They see Dominik walk up and go to meet him, but it is his mother using his account. She thanks them for being there for him and supporting him, but announces that he was dead. While she talks, all of The Suicide Room's members log out. Sylwia rips the internet chord out from the wall and stumbles through her room, knocking over piles of garbage. She opens her door and goes outside for the first time in three years, bawling and screaming in the grass out front. The movie ends with Dominik's parents at a ballet, though divorced and sitting in different places. The drunk couple's footage of Dominik is interspersed with the ballet. It is revealed that, instead of returning to the bar, Dominik was screaming for his parents in the bathroom of the bar as he died from overdosing. The video ends up on The Suicide Room wall.