Halley Brandon and Avalon Greene are two girls who have a website called GeeklyChic. The girls tell three stories. The first story is about how a kid and a dog who are best friends become frenemies and how they become best friends again. The second story is about how two BFFs become total frenemies over a senior editor job. The last story is about two lookalikes  who swap lives with each other, like The Prince and the Pauper.  The first story is about a science whiz teenage boy at Waterbury High School named Jake Logan ([[Nick Robinson  who is best friends with his dog, Murray . A popular girl named Julianne  tries to come between them as she tries to get Murray out of her way as Murray sees right through her ruse. Determined to get another "A", she makes Jake her "boyfriend" . When she finds out that Murray tried to flush her love letter to Jake down the toilet, she hatches a plan to get Murray out of her way for good. She steals Jake’s national prize certificate in molecular astrophysics from NASA, drenches it in her perfume like she did with her love letter, and drops it through the mail slot in Jake’s front door. Just like Julianne expected, Murray takes Jake’s NASA certificate into the bathroom and attempts to flush it. Jake, who is able to save his certificate, gets angry and yells at Murray to go away. Murray follows his command and runs away from home. A classmate named Savannah O'Neal , who loves to skate board and has a crush on Jake, finds Murray and takes him to her house. The next day, Jake starts to worry that Murray might not return, but manages to finish his and Julianne's science project. At school, Jake attempts to dress cool to impress Julianne, but Avalon Greene  and Halley Brandon  intervene and tone down his appearance. When Jake discovers Julianne's scheme, he refuses to give her the project. Savannah uses this opportunity to expose Julianne’s ruse of using "boyfriends" to get A’s which results in Julianne being caught. Murray runs in and knocks over Julianne and the science project. Although the project is destroyed, Jake is happy to see Murray and they become best friends again.  The second story is about Avalon Greene  and Halley Brandon  who created a web magazine called "GeeklyChic." During school, Halley gets a call from her and Avalon's favorite New York City publishing company run by Cherie St. Claire . Halley thinks her elder brother Kendall  is playing a prank on her until she realises she really has received a call from Cherie St. Claire. Cherie St. Claire tells them to go to the publishing company’s headquarters in Manhattan, New York to ask them something that could change their lives. During the talk, Cherie St. Claire tells Avalon and Halley that she likes their web magazine and offers to buy it, but decides to only let one of them be the senior editor. Cherie St. Claire decides to let each of them write a cover article and will judge who wrote the best article as that writer will become the senior editor. Avalon and Halley, who both want to be hired as senior editors, both decide to interview a French singer named Jean Frank after his first American sold-out concert which leads them to become frenemies. At the end, they decide that they will share the article. Cherie St. Claire becomes angry and decides not to hire either of them. The television show “Teens Now” picks up their article about Jean Frank changing his image as he was only posing as a singer from Paris, France. “Teens Now” also broadcasts their blog’s website for their audience to check out. Seeing that their web magazine has gone global on their hit counter map, Avalon and Halley make up as best friends again.  The last story in the film is about Savannah O’Neal and Emma Reynolds-alter egos  who trade places (much like [[The Parent Trap  because they each believe the other's life is better. Savannah is a tomboy who loves skateboarding and lives with her dad and three brothers. She has a crush on Jake Logan and attends Waterbury High School with Avalon, Halley, Jake, and Julianne. Emma is a rich girly-girl who goes to a private school. They trade places when they meet at the mall. Emma  gets a date with Jake and Emma starts acting romantic causing Savannah to get mad and say "That's my boyfriend!" The two start fighting. Later, at Emma's birthday ball the girls forgive each other and switch back. Avalon and Halley lead everyone in a dance to "Pose" by Stefanie Scott as the film ends.