{{Plot}} A group of college girls come in a light blue matador to Chola Picnic Village.They take a room in a hotel at that Picnic Spot.It becomes night and it is a full moon day. They go out the beach,lit a bonfire and enjoy by singing and dancing for Raathiri Nerathu Poojayil. After the song gets over,all the girls return to the Hotel. One of them is missing, that is Vasanthi. One of the girls ask among themselves where is vasanthi and one of the girl answers that she has gone for walking along with her pet dog Rita. She comes across a bell hung in a "Pie symbol" based structure. The bell is tied to one of the legs of the structure. She goes near it and rings it for 3 times. Then a beldam is shown who is sleeping on woods and suddenly gets up on hearing the bell sound and looks scarily on both the sides and then again goes to sleep. Then a Berlin carriage is shown in which one of the horse rubs the ground with one of its legs. Then it is shown that Vasanthi stops ringing the bell and returns back trying to lift the dog and carry it. But the dog barks and PRK is found to stand on the cocking cart with a cigar in his mouth. He looks into her eyes.Then the dog gets frightened and runs away.He sits on the footman's seat of the carriage and whips it. The cart moves and Vasanthi starts running. At one point of time, PRK gets hold her hair and takes her along with him. The next scene shows Raja entering into the Chola Picnic Village.He goes through forest and comes across a Berlin Carriage.The carriage is halted aside two horses. One of the horse is shown rubbing the ground with one of its legs.Raja takes photo of it. He comes across a "Pie Symbol" based structure hung with a bell and tied to one of its legs. A beldam is found to sit below it.He introduces himself as Press Photographer and she stares him wildly and starts moving away from there. He says her that he has come to enquire about a murder that took place four to five days before.She doesn't answer him and moves away with scare in her eyes.He calls her, she turns and he takes a photo snap of her. Then he comes across a church where he sees a father moving here and there.He introduces himself as Assistant Editor in Dhinamurasu Magazine. He enquires by saying that four to five days before a girl's body was found floating in the Picnic Village's Beach.He says that police reported the murder to be a suicide,regrading that he requires some clarifications.The father refuses to answer and asks him who has given him permission to enter the picnic village.In response he asks whose permission is required.The father says that there is no any sort of connection between the picnic village and the church,but since route to the church is through picnic village,a formal permission is required from the church's bishop and also asks him to get out.He calls the father and takes a snap of him. That time Lakshmana,the younger brother of PRK arrives there with smoking cigarette in his mouth. Raja moves away from there. Then scene shifts to Editor Chandran's house which has an embedded Photo cleaning room.They wash the photos and chandran comments that the beldam's look is so weird and raja also asserts it.Additionally raja also says their behaviour is also weird and some mystery is hidden behind them.Then chandran asks raja to take the photo of the father and says that these are essentials for their project.Then chandran enquires about Vandikaran Peter to raja and raja says that he was forced to go out of the village.Chandran's wife jokes about their work and offers them coffee.Then Chandran enquires to raja,how he is getting such sensational news.For that raja replies that he has a known person in alleged suspect's house and her name is Uma and she is a steno.The alleged suspect is none other than MLA Saanthanathan.Phone rings in the MLA's house and Velu asks her to pick the phone.She picks up the phone and says that a person name PRK wants to talk with MLA.Uma overhears their conversation through her phone.PRK says to Sattanathan that an Editor came to Picnic village to enquire about the girl's death that took place last week and MLA says that he would take care of that issue. The next morning chandran while working at his office receives a phone call from an inspector who states that why does he unnecessarily investigates the girl's case.For that chandran says that investigation is a press's work,the police abuses him and in response chandran asks him to mind his words.Chandran asks him to put the headnews in the news paper regarding the girl's murder.Raja says ask permission for a half-day as Vijay is today coming to his house from his native and also asks employment for vijay in Dhinamurasu and chandran asks him to come with his friend tomorrow.Vijay comes and raja says his work has been confirmed but he has to work without payment.Vijay accepts it and starts playing flute. Devi listens to it and gets mesmerised.Raja leaves as a tenant in Devi's House.The next day Raja brings Uma's blindfather and leaves in her house.There Devi is found seating.He says to her that in two-three days he wants some clarification's regarding the picnic village. The next day Saanthanathan finds that news in Dhinamurasu newspaper.Vijay gets selected in the company..That day,chandran gets phone from Velu who says that he is calling from Secretariat.Raja then takes him to the printing session in Dhinamurasu's office and they return home after drinking one rupee beedi.They get the one rupee from Senthil who is a mechanic in the printing session.Vijay gets the house's key from devi who tells him that she will sleep after hearing to his flute tune.The next day vijay, working in the printing session asks him how they are going to get food for today.That day chandran overhears it and gives them 50Rs.On the way,a women known to Aandi thevarsays that his daughter has been admitted in hospital due to pregnancy and it requires money.Raja gives the 50Rs. to her and asks aandi thevar to go there.And they spend the night by smoking beedi.Now the song Nilaimarum ulagil song.That time Devi's father comes upstairs and asks why they are disturbing his sleep and provides them with food. The next day morning,chandran receives phone call from a bank manager to come to his house around 6pm.The next scene shifts to raja and devi spending a time in hotel,with raja saying advanced birthday wishes to her and also says that he would like to give her a gift due to her brave act of providing information regarding the picnic village's murder case and she says that she has a function in her house and if he graces the occasion it would be the biggest gift for her.Additionally she says that every month at Sattanaathan's house political party"She has stolen the photo of PRK,who is not the publicly known friend of Sattanathan. So for committing this crime,the punishment is she has to offer herself to sattanathan's friends.At that time lakshmana stands up and says that the receptionist girls at picnic village will be caretaked by them and at the month end they will send the girl to sattanaathan.But this time you are sending me a girl who you have caretaked and tries to rape her.Then the scene shifts to aandi thevar who on the way at night to Dhinamurasu office drinks a Soda.At that time raja also comes by that way.Suddenly a girl screams.Uma comes running from sattanathan's house undressed and chased by three people.She heads towards a matador van where two of the three grab her two hands and third ones stabs her with knife.Raja sees this and comes running.The two people who grabbed her hands put her inside the matador and the third one just moves inside sattanathan's house.They drive the vehicle by the time raja tries to reach there.Every people who has a shop over there close their shutters.Aandi thevar comes and takes hold of raja.Then raja and thevar go to a police station to file the complaint.There the police say that it must have been a suicide case.That night both of them go to raja's house where devi is waiting outside to give Uma's letter to raja.They inform Uma and vijay about her death and the next morning raja and thevar goes along with deenathayalan to the place where murder occurred and enquires a small tea shop about whether he knows about the murder and he says he doesn't know.DSP enquires the autodrivers over there but they also provide the same answer.Then fruit vendor,flower vendor.All provide the same answer.When they get fed up,Tyagi rathnasabapathy enters the scene and says he would serve as eye witness to whichever place he is summoned for.At that time vijay and chandran also get introduced to deenathayalan and deenathayalan requests them to assemble at his house at night.All of them assemble at his house and he says that he would provide all sorts of support in a concealed manner,otherwise the suspects will not get trapped.The same night DSP and raja decide to go to Uma's house.By the time sattanathan's people come and kill Uma's father with Uma's father died in a posture of keeping to check to raja in chessboard,which implies Raja has a problem.Before sattanathan and raja arrives to Uma's house sattanathan's people go to raja's house where they pull out vijay.A small fight takes place where vijay,raja and DSP drive away the thugs.The thugs have actually arrived to Uma's house to take back the requisites for arresting sattanathan which she had stolen from sattanathan's house.When they are driven away by all the three,DSP sees a photo of PRK. Then the scene shifts to a newly married couple,Ramesh and shanthi,coming for honeymoon to chola picnic village.They spend the time merrily,but during that time they are being watched by the beldam.By the time Maamarathu poo song finishes,it becomes night and when the couples are invloved in romance in the hotel room,PRK comes and makes karthik fall down unconscious.Then shanthi escapes from the village,where she is being helped by passerby whose car suddenly stops.When PRK opens the gate of the village and approaches her to kill her the car starts and that passerby admit her at a hospital.He also informs vijay about a girl who was coming undressed from the village and he has admitted her in a hospital.By the time raja arrives there,one of Sattanathan's people go there to kill Shanthi. He hide in shanthi's room to kill her. Raja comes there in time and he is stabbed by that thug. Raja also kills that thug and brings Shanthi to DSP's house and dies there. Vijay gets disheartened on seeing this.then peter,ramesh,vijay all join hands in order to know the reason why prk does this.after this prk gets everyone and chains them.he also reveals tat he loved someone,especially her eyes but she cheated,so he wanted take eyes frm the girls he see,actually beldam is his step mother who gives him info abt girls.atlast'dsp gets to knw about this and punishes everyone.ramesh and shanthi rejoin thus making the end of silent eyes.