For years, women have been pouring tears along with Bridget Jones, falling for Hugh Grant and laughing at him, even when the perspective of a funeral appeared. Now for the movie "Letters to St. Nicolas" where somewhat lost characters discover that what happened to them is love! On this special day of the year, five women and five men are finding out that there is no escape before love and Christmas.<ref namehttp://www.filmweb.pl/film/Listy+do+M.-2011-613510 |titleFilmweb |accessdatePolish}} * Doris - She is about 30. What counts for her is a loving family! She is not yet married and usually wakes up alone in the morning, but this fact has not turned her into a desperate lady hanging on the arm of every encountered guy. On the contrary, just like Bridget Jones she believes that there's her second half waiting for her somewhere in this big city and that true love can happen. * Mikołaj - a romantic who with skill and charm of Hugh Grant seduces women mainly on air! In real life it all looks a bit different. His greatest asset is his specific sense of humor and a deep male voice, stimulating the imagination of listeners who absolutely love it. * Wladi - many men would like to have his pugnacity and light approach to life. His charm and magic air works for women as an aphrodisiac. He can surprise with an unusual proposition, and in restaurants always foots the bill. It's just that no woman yet has succeeded to ensnare him. Will he finally find someone who discovers the key to his heart? * Melchior vel Mel Gibson - s testosterone ebullient amateur and admirer of feminine beauty. As hardly anyone works in Ars Amandi. This arrogant handsome Don Juan is able to seduce with a single glance. The question remains if his narcissistic tendencies allow him to create a lasting relationship? * Szczepan - a busy psychologist who like Dirty Harry rushes to the rescue of the whole world. One day something happens that will destroy his peace of mind and bring him to a boil. What can he do? The excitement reach its zenith. * Karina - Szczepan's wife, very energetic, believes that love is like air and should be at your fingertips. But what to do when her husband spends more time working than being absorbed with his beloved woman? Is a romance without love, what's the reason? * Małgorzata - perfect, cold as ice and steadfast as a rock, radio director. Conducts business and her husband, Wojciech, with the same commitment and enduring opposition. Can something be able to knock her out of balance? It seems that nothing really... It turns out, though that even the ice queen carries a great need for love in her heart. * Wojciech - perfect husband, it seems: calm, tolerant, wise. In addition, he knows his wines, and the oldest people do not remember that his wife said "no." Boredom. But even though under the thumb, to his own surprise, he is able to go beyond the rigid framework of routine when something or someone will awake deep hidden longing and feelings. * Betty - wherever she appears, all eyes directed only at her. She could have any guy, but the most important is her mysterious Kazik. Who is the man for whom she decided to change her whole life? * Larwa - wouldn't be a bad bridesmaid material if only her best friend - Doris married. Larwa from a friend's perspective can enjoy a delightful vision of a successful relationship. She never gives up and can support her lost friend. Her twisted sense of humor works better than Doris's anti-stress mask.