Michel  is a young petty criminal who models himself on the film persona of Humphrey Bogart. After stealing a car in Marseille, Michel shoots a policeman who has followed him onto a country road. Penniless and on the run from the police, he turns to his American girlfriend Patricia , a student and aspiring journalist, who sells the New York Herald Tribune on the streets of Paris. The ambivalent Patricia unwittingly hides him in her apartment as he simultaneously tries to seduce her and call in a loan to fund their escape to Italy. At one point, Patricia says she is pregnant with Michel's child. She learns that Michel is on the run when questioned by the police. Eventually, she betrays him, but before the police arrive, she tells Michel what she did. He is somewhat resigned to a life in prison, and does not try to escape at first. The police shoot him in the street and, after a prolonged death run, he dies “à bout de souffle” .  Michel's death scene is one of the most iconic scenes in the film, but the film's final lines of dialogue are the source of some confusion for English-speaking audiences. In some translations, it is unclear whether Michel is condemning Patricia, or alternatively condemning the world in general. As Patricia and Detective Vital catch up with the dying Michel, there is the following exchange, according to the transcript published in Dudley Andrew's book on the film:  MICHEL: C'est vraiment dégueulasse. PATRICIA: Qu'est ce qu'il a dit? VITAL: Il a dit que vous êtes vraiment "une dégueulasse". PATRICIA: Qu'est ce que c'est "dégueulasse"?{{cite book}}  In his book, Andrew translates the dialogue thus:  MICHEL: That's really disgusting. PATRICIA: What did he say? VITAL: He said, "You are really a bitch." PATRICIA: What is "dégueulasse" [bitch]?  Dégueulasse is the noun and adjective form of dégueuler, a slang verb meaning &#34;to vomit.&#34; Andrew&#39;s translation obscures the subtlety of Vital&#39;s misquotation of Michel; in the original French, it is not clear whether Vital misquotes him deliberately, or simply mishears. Other translations have made the possibility that Vital mishears Michel more apparent. In the English captioning of the 2001 Fox-Lorber Region One DVD, &#34;dégueulasse&#34; is translated as &#34;scumbag&#34;, producing the following dialogue:  MICHEL: It's a real scumbag. PATRICIA: What did he say? VITAL: He said, "You're a real scumbag". PATRICIA: What's a scumbag?  The 2007 Criterion Collection Region One DVD uses a less literal translation that renders the French into a familiar American colloquialism: MICHEL: Makes me want to puke. PATRICIA: What did he say? VITAL: He said you make him want to puke. PATRICIA: What's that mean, "puke"?  This translation also was used for the 2010 restoration print.