An encounter in the bar of the Mexico City branch of the Camino Real Hotels, between tired businessman Danny Wright , hoping to land a life-saving contract in Mexico, and jaded, falling-apart-at-the-seams assassin Julian Noble , leads both men into an awkward friendship. Julian is confronting the immorality of his profession and experiencing a mid-life crisis that causes him to freeze on a job; Danny is fearing that a vitally-important deal will fall through and cost him his job. After an uncomfortable-at-times conversation, Danny leaves the bar. Julian apologizes and invites him to see a bullfight. During the spectacle, Julian reveals the kind of work he truly does, and when Danny is skeptical, takes Danny through the steps of murdering a portly spectator in the arena bathroom. Danny is shocked at how easily Julian can get within inches of the man, even though Julian ends the "tutorial" without going through with the murder. Later, while at an out-door cafe, Julian asks Danny to assist him in "facilitating a fatality;" Danny flatly refuses and Julian leaves. On leaving the idea seems to be that Julian has had enough of Danny and their friendship has just ended. That evening Julian appears at Danny's hotel room, knocking on the door, pleading to be let in; Julian wants to apologize for attempting to involve Danny in his work. Danny sits within looking undecided, and the scene fades to black without revealing what happened next. There is the sound of glass breaking once the screen goes dark. The film picks up again later, during the Christmas season. Danny and his wife are relaxing at their home when Julian visits Danny at his home at Christmas, looking for a place to stay. Danny and his wife have reservations about the situation, but decide to let him in. The grateful Julian notices that Danny has framed the ticket from the bullfight, an act that affects Julian profoundly. That night, he shares the real reason for his visit: he needs help with one last job. Julian convinces Danny to go along with the plan because Danny "owes" Julian. After much internal struggle and with Danny talking him through it, Julian completes the task at a Tucson horse race track. On the plane back, Julian reveals that the target was his old boss . Danny is surprised, then amused at Julian's craftiness, but is given a wake-up call when he lightly punches Julian in the shoulder and is warned by Julian "Don't ever do that again." Danny remembers his friend is still a killer and immediately apologizes. A split flashback sequence during the flight home , shows what took place a year prior when Danny let Julian into his hotel room: Julian talked Danny out of commissioning the hit. Later, Danny and his wife are shown at the grave of their son, something they do together every year. Julian watches respectfully from a distance, places a brochure for Greece  on their car windshield, then slips away.