When wealthy newspaper publisher Judson M. Blair ([[Edward Arnold  divorces his wife Adele , Judge Cornelia C. Porter  awards Adele alimony of $4000 a month for five years or until she remarries. After learning from his lawyer, Northcott , that Porter refuses to hear an appeal, the furious Blair tries using his influence with her boss, Judge Graham , to have her transferred, but to no avail. Reporter Jeff Sherman , recently fired by Blair, offers a solution in exchange for a promotion, a raise, a bonus and an unlimited expense account. After trying to bargain, Blair gives in to all his demands. Sherman gets his manicurist girlfriend Dotty  to pretend to agree to marry him in a couple of months. He then sets out to romance the judge, intending to threaten her with an alienation of affection scandal to force her to reduce Blair's alimony burden. When Porter takes a two month vacation, Sherman follows along. Having researched her interests, Sherman pretends to be a sculptor. To obtain an artist's studio in the fully booked resort town where Porter is staying, Sherman persuades real sculptor Alexander Raoul  that Blair has offered him a commission to decorate his building. Sherman then starts working on Porter. She makes it very plain that she considers him a nuisance, but after much effort, he is able to win her love. To his dismay, however, he finds that he has fallen for her as well. When Porter runs into Raoul at Sherman's "studio", she learns about the scheme before Sherman can confess, and has both Blair and Sherman arrested. At their trial, Sherman acts as his own lawyer and calls Porter to the witness stand, where he asks her to marry him. Under questioning , she is forced to admit that she did love him at one point. A sympathetic judge Graham sentences the two men to a day in jail. Porter runs out in tears. When Sherman chases after her, he is knocked down. Believing he has been hurt, Porter rushes back to him, and they are reconciled. Meanwhile, Blair becomes irate when he discovers that after he got his ex-wife to agree to a lump sum settlement, she promptly married another wealthy magnate.