Gopalsamy  is poor B.A graduate who comes to city to earn money for his mother's eye operation. But he is not able to survive and earn his food. He meets a Brahmin priest who sells food with boys by changing their identity as Brahmin, Muslim, Christian depending upon the area they as a part sales tactice. The priest compels Gopal to change his identity as a Brahmin and set for selling food in the Brahmins area. But Gopal did not want to do so as he feels it is wrong to wear the sacred thread being a non-Brahmin. But circumstances compel him to change himself as a Brahmin. He sets off to perform Ganapati homam along with three other priests. Srinivasa Sastri is an orthodox Brahmin priest who will go to any extent to preserve his Brahmin regulations which is mentioned in Vedas as believed by him. Though he helps non-Brahmin low caste people he cannot tolerate them touching his cloth even. Gopal comes to Srinivasa Sastri's home for sacred ritual and meets Banu . Srinivasa Sastri finds that Gopal does not know any sacred chants but understands that Gopal is an educated Brahmin who looks for job. He offers clerk job in a temple and lets him to stay in his out-house. Soon Gopal's innocence attracts Banu and she starts to love him. But Gopal keeps away from her as he does not want to encourage any relationship between them. This creates a fight between the two. Srinivasa sastri gives money for Gopal's mother's eye operation and so Gopal wants to be loyal to him. Banu's mother wants Gopal to marry her daughter but Gopal insists that he has a bride waiting for him which is not true. Soon Banu finds that Gopal too loves her but does not know why he does not reciprocate. She kisses him in front of her parents and thus Srinivasa sastri accepts their relationship and arranges for marriage. Gopal reveals that he is not a Brahmin but Banu does not believe him. Both marry in Brahmin's tradition and customs. Gopal's parents come to marriage without their son's knowledge and they are shocked by the wedding. They reveal themself to a priest and ask him to convey their blessings. The priest is none other than Srinivasa sastri. On knowing the truth, he furiously tells Gopal to swear that he does not live as husband to his daughter anymore to which Gopal promises as a punishment. Srinivasa sastri is disappointed on his daughter's marriage. Gopal's parents seeks for apology for their son's act and requests him to make something to unite Gopal and Banu to which Sastri does not accept. Gopal is very keen and strong to keep up the promise given to his father-in-law and refuses to live as husband to his wife. Banu goes to meet her husband which angers Sastri and he tells her to get out of his house. Banu goes back to Gopal and Gopal does not let her enter his home hence Banu starts to live opposite to his home. She tries her level best to provoke Gopal and seduce him but Gopal does not co-operate in anyway due to the promise. Meanwhile Gopal wanted to make Sastri realise human beings are equal and makes every attempt to make Sastri accept that non-Brahmins are also human beings. Gopal's father at one point gets frustrated on Banu being a virgin after marriage due to the promise and compels Gopal to marry again as he wanted to see his grand children before his last breath. Banu seeks lawful permission from her father to permit second marriage of her husband or accept him as his son-in-law and take back the promise. Sastri is now in dilemma whether to protect his orthodox or to protect his daughter's life. Finally his staunch orthodox makes to sign the legal document permitting Gopal's second marriage. Gopal does not want to marry again as he is the reason for Banu being a virgin. The compulsion of his father finally make him to break the promise and unite with Banu. Srinivasa sastri understands that he has spoilt his daughter's life and decides to kill himself by setting fire so that his daughter life will be happy. But Gopal saves him at last moment before fire engulfed him. Gopal reveals that he broke the promise for Banu's sake and they have united. Srinivasa Sastri realises his mistake which he had done in the name of orthodox. He understands that Gopal is a perfect gentleman and finally accept him as his son-in-law.