The film presents life of a number of individuals who live in London's Soho area in their quest for their "Mr. Right". One of the highlights of the film is when all the characters gather for an excruciatingly awkward and hilarious dinner party at which wine and secrets are spilled.Frameline: Films - Mr. Right *Harry  is a TV producer but dreams to get way. He loves Alex , an aspiring yet insecure actor who also works as a caterer. Meanwhile Alex is struggling to create an identity for himself and decides to live independently through monetary help from his brother despite Harry wanting him back *Tom ([[David Morris  is a successful art dealer who is in a precarious relationship with Lars , a handsome sometime-model. Tom finds excuses for Lars' flings so long as Lars doesn't leave him. Meanwhile Lars has this attraction to Harry and can't get over his feelings *William  a divorced former rugby player finds it difficult very difficult to parent his nine-year-old daughter Georgie while trying to get on a new relationship with Lawrence , a striving soap actor. Their relationship is complicated as Georgie is intent on sabotaging his relationship. *Louise , a fag hag, is dating Paul , but suspects Paul is gay. Paul is slowly but surely getting drawn into the gay scene, despite visibly and verbally protesting every step of the way. By the end of the film three months later, the characters are still striving to make new paths for themselves. Harry is appealing for Alex, now in a small studio residence to return, but the latter turns him gently down despite having feelings for him. Things are much better between William and Lawrence as Georgie becomes more accepting of their relationship. Things have soured between Lars and William. Devastated Lars catches Harry while the latter has just packed to leave everything behind for his long-planned trip away from his dreaded work. Meanwhile Paul is getting more and more into the gay scene despite putting a brave face that he is still straight.