Billy Halleck  is an arrogant, obese, upper-class lawyer living with his wife Heidi  and their daughter Linda . Billy recently defended an underworld crime boss named Richie "The Hammer" Ginelli  in court. The town is in the middle of a carnival, which is run by gypsies whom the town seems to have prejudices against. While driving one night, Billy accidentally runs over an elderly gypsy woman named Suzanne Lempke  with his car . The death is ruled accidental, and no charges are filed against him. Suzanne's 106-year old father, Tadzu Lempke , who is outraged by this, curses Billy by touching his face and saying the word "thinner". Billy begins to lose weight rapidly, regardless of how much he eats. Heidi, concerned, brings in Dr. Mike Houston , with whom Billy thinks perhaps his wife is having an affair. It is revealed that the man also cursed Judge Cary Rossington ([[John Horton  and Police Chief Duncan Hopely , who helped him avoid punishment in court. Judge Cary's curse was "Lizard"; he is now growing scales all over his body, eventually heading to the Mayo Clinic for help. His wife, Leda , furiously blames Billy for what is happening to Cary. Duncan becomes mutated with over-sized pimples and ends up committing suicide. Billy continues to lose weight and calculates that he only has a couple weeks to live. Because only Lempke can remove the curse, Billy intends to search for the gypsy carnival but learns it has moved. When Heidi continually mentions Dr. Houston, who is also repeatedly visiting their home, Billy is convinced of her affair and vows vengeance. He finds the gypsy camp and tries to reason with Lempke, but Lempke, unconvinced, tells Billy to leave. After being informed that Cary committed suicide, Billy enlists Richie Ginelli's help; Richie pays a local man named Frank Spurton  to track down the gypsies and himself kills off the gypsy camp's dogs. Gina, Lempke's great-granddaughter, and her husband Gabe, kill Frank in retaliation. In response, Richie opens fire on the gypsy camp, killing Gabe. The next day, Richie lures Gina away to kill her but Billy stops him. While balancing acid on Gina's forehead, Richie gives her a message for her great-grandfather: meet them in two hours. Lempke arrives at the meeting, finding a very thin and sick Billy. Convinced that only by lifting the curse can he prevent further attacks on his people, he explains that he cannot remove the curse but it can be transferred to another. He mixes Billy's blood into a strawberry pie while chanting a gypsy spell. He states that the pie must be consumed by an unsuspecting person, causing painful but rapid death, but urges Billy to die with dignity by eating the pie himself. Billy tells Linda to spend the night at her friend's house, then talks Heidi into trying the pie while he heads for bed, exhausted. The next morning, he awakes to find Heidi's desiccated corpse next to him. Initially gleeful to be free of the curse and of his disloyal wife, he finds to his horror that Linda, who did not spend the night elsewhere like he had ordered, had eaten some of the pie for breakfast. His guilt compels him to take Lempke's suggestion to eat a piece himself. As he is about to do so, Dr. Mike arrives, a bit uncomfortable at the situation . Billy invites him in to share the pie with him, which Dr. Mike accepts. The ending shows Billy closing the door with an evil smile as Dr. Mike enters.