Akari is neglected by her father, a top surgeon who works long hours and puts his career before family. Her mother is hospitalized because of an incurable disease. Therefore, Akari longs for a dog who can keep her company. One day, a Golden Retriever puppy unexpectedly appears in the garden of Akari's house, and Akari immediately decides to adopt it. At her mother's suggestion, Akari christens it "Socks", because the puppy's white paws made it look like it was wearing white socks. Her mother also made Akari promise that she will follow the The Ten Commandments of Dog Ownership when she takes care of Socks. Akari also has a friend, Susumu, who is groomed by his family to become a professional guitarist. Susumu soon forms an attachment with Socks as well. A few months later, Akari's mother died, and Akari grieves over her death for two days. After that, her neck became very stiff and she is unable to move it. With Socks help, she discovers that this stiffness is actually due to her own imagination, and is thus "cured". She also finds out that Socks was actually placed in the garden by her mother. Not long after Akari's mother died, the family moves to Sapporo because her father was given a lecturer post at a university there. However, they cannot bring Socks along because their dormitory does not allow pets. Hence, Akari has to reluctantly entrust Socks to the care of Susumu. Another problem surfaced when Susumu was accepted into a prestigious music school in Paris. On the day that he was leaving, Akari's father, who was supposed to be on leave that day, was suddenly called back to the hospital to do an "emergency" operation. This caused Akari to be late in seeing Susumu off. The "emergency" operation turned out to be a minor one, and he resigned after feeling guilty about disappointing his daughter. The family later moved back to their old home in Hakodate, and Socks came back to stay with them. Akari's father later set up a clinic in the home, which proved to be popular with the locals. 10 years later, Akari is a university student studying to become a vet. By chance, she happens to see a poster advertising Susumu's upcoming performance in the city. The pair had a tearful reunion, and they soon started dating. During this time, she starts to feel that Socks is a constrain to her. She starts to bemoan the sacrifices that she have to make because of Socks. After Akari graduates from university, she becomes a zookeeper at Asahiyama Zoo. Akari seldom returns to her home, and neglects Socks in the process. However, she was reminded of the good friend Socks was again when it helped Susumu gain confidence to play the guitar again after his accident. As time passes, Socks starts to age and becomes weaker. Akari was shocked at how much weaker Socks looked on one of her rare visits home, and promises to visit it often. However, due to her heavy workload, she is unable to fulfill that promise. One day, her father phoned her urgently to say that Socks was dying. Managing to get away from her work, she rushes back just in time. As its energy saps away, Akari read the Ten Commandments of Dog Ownership again to see if she had done what she had promised 10 years ago. After Socks's death, Akari and her father found long-lost photographs of Socks, and a letter from her mother. The letter tells Akari that Socks was meant to replace herself, though she added that Socks will not live as long as Akari. Akari was also reminded of the fact that her father sacrificed his career for her. Not long after, Akari and Susumu got married together.