In September 1960, nerdy Seymour Krelborn and the beautiful, but ditzy Audrey, work at Mushnik's Flower Shop in the slums of New York City. After a day without a single customer, Mushnik prompts to close the store, but Audrey persuades him to let Seymour display a "strange and interesting" plant to attract customers, which Seymour has named "Audrey II". Immediately, a customer enters and asked Seymour about the plant. Seymour explains that he got the plant from an old Chinese man during an unexpected Solar eclipse. The plant successfully attracts several customers at puts the flower shop back in business. Seymour's attempts to find proper nourishment for the finicky plant until he accidentally pricks his finger on a rose thorn, and discovers that Audrey II has an appetite for human blood. Audrey II continues grow rapidly and Seymour becomes a local celebrity. However, he becomes very weak because Audrey II needs increasingly more of his blood every day. While at work, Seymour attempts to ask Audrey out, but she turns him down because she has a date with her abusive and sadist dentist boyfriend Orin Scrivello D.D.S.. Later, Audrey II begins to talk to Seymour, demanding more blood than Seymour can give through Seymour murdering someone. In return, Audrey II offers Seymour fame and fortune, but Seymour refuses until he witnesses Orin slapping Audrey, and, enraged, agrees to feed him to the plant. Seymour books an appointment with Orin and arms himself with a revolver, however he cannot bring himself to use it. Orin decides to amuse himself by huffing nitrous oxide, which he is addicted to. He puts on a special gas mask , which malfunctions, preventing him from removing it. He begs Seymour for help while laughing hysterically, but Seymour takes no action causing Orin to die from asphyxiation. That night, Seymour drags Orin's body back to the flower shop where he uses an axe to chop it up for Audrey II . Mr. Mushnik witnesses Seymour's actions and flees in fear without being noticed. After a sleepless night, Seymour discovers the police questioning Audrey about Orin's disappearance. She says that she feels guilty about Orin's death, even though she did not cause it, because she always secretly wished that he would disappear. Seymour tells Audrey that she is beautiful and should not have such low self-esteem. They admit their feelings for each other and kiss passionately. That night, Mushnik confronts Seymour and accuses him of killing Orin and threatens to hand him over to the police. Mushnik suddenly decides to bargain with Seymour, offering Seymour "a one way bus ticket out of town" if he allows Mushnik to take care of  the plant.Then, Mushnik stumbles into Audrey II's open mouth and gets eaten whole by the plant. Seymour's fortune continues to grow and he becomes a media star, but he is very worried about Audrey II's growth and insatiable appetite. He is also afraid that Audrey will only love him if he continues to be famous. He decides to get out of town and marry Audrey, leaving the plant to starve. Audrey II catches him leaving and demands another meal; Seymour agrees, but insists on ground chuck from the local butcher. In the meantime, Audrey II telephones Audrey and coaxes her into the shop, then tries to eat her. Seymour returns and saves her just in time. Audrey reveals to Seymour that she doesn't just like him for the plant's success, but that she liked him the day they met. Suddenly, Patrick Martin, a salesman, appears and offers Seymour a contract to breed Audrey II and make a fortune by selling the plant to families around the world. Seymour, shocked, realizes that Audrey II planned for this all along, and that it is planning for world domination. Seymour confronts the gigantic, cursing plant, which by now has little offspring buds. Audrey II bursts out of its pot and reveals to Seymour that it is an alien from outer space. During a brawl, Audrey II manages to destroy the entire shop to pieces. However, Seymour grabs a broken exposed electrical wire and electrocutes Audrey II, causing the plant to blow up. Seymour, having miraculously survived the collapse and the explosion, safely reunites with Audrey. They wed and move to the suburbs which reveals a smiling Audrey II bud among the flowers in their front yard.  During the production of the film, director Frank Oz shot a 23-minute ending and based on the off-Broadway musical's ending. However, after receiving negative reviews from test audiences, the ending had to be rewritten and re-shot for the theatrical release as much "happier ending". In the original ending, after Audrey is attacked by Audrey II, she dies in Seymour's arms, but only before begging him to feed her to the plant so that Seymour will get all the fame he deserves. Seymour does so, but afterwards attempts to commit suicide by jumping off Audrey's apartment complex. Before he can, Patrick Martin appears and attempts to persuade Seymour to let him cut samples of the plant so that they can grow into little Audrey IIs and be sold across America. In horror, Seymour quickly slides down the ladder and returns to the flower shop. After confronting the plant as it sings "Mean Green Mother from Outer Space", the plant tears down the shop, plucks Seymour out of the rubble, and eats him. The three chorus girls appear in front of a sparkling American flag and tell how the Audrey II buds become a nationwide consumer craze. But soon, Audrey II and its army of duplicates takes over the country.<ref namehttp://www.dvdtalk.com/dvdsavant/s92shop.html |title2007-03-11 |dateDVD Savant}} In the dramatic finale, giant Audrey II buds beginning destroying New York as the U.S. Army attempts to fight them and the plant finally descends upon the Statue of Liberty. A title card "THE END?!?" appears and Audrey II bursts through the screen, cackling.