The film begins with an animated introduction showing a plane crash in which George, then an infant, is lost in a jungle in "the Heart of Africa" . Over 25 years later, George  is a Tarzan-like man, the "King of the Jungle". His friends include a sophisticated talking gorilla named Ape , along with a toco toucan named Tookie, a small capuchin monkey named Little Monkey , and an African elephant named Shep, whom he calls his "dog" . The live action begins as heiress Ursula Stanhope  explores the jungle near George's home with the help of her guide, Mr. Kwame  and some native porters. She has traveled to Africa alone, but she is joined by her wealthy fiancé Lyle Van De Groot  who has found her with the help of Max and Thor , two dopey poachers who are posing as trackers. That evening, Mr. Kwame recounts the legend of the White Ape, said to be a huge, super-strong primate who rules the surrounding jungle. The next day, Lyle almost causes the death of one of the porters, and he abandons Ursula when the two of them are attacked by a lion. George saves Ursula and takes her to his treehouse home , and Lyle returns to the camp, claiming to have been attacked by the White Ape. While the exploration party searches for Ursula, George entertains her and teaches her to swing on vines. He also falls in love with her, so Ape advises him to woo her by making faces and beating his chest, as gorillas do. This fails to impress Ursula, but George wins her over with his charm, and they enjoy an evening of dancing around a campfire. On the third day, the explorers discover George's treehouse, Lyle accidentally discharge's his weapon and George gets shot in the arm  as George tries to prevent Max and Thor from shooting Ape with a tranquilizer gun. Seeing this happen, both Ape and Ursula scream in terror. While Lyle is arrested for the shooting , Ursula flies George to her home in San Francisco for medical treatment and buys clothes for him. George explores the city and saves a paraglider's life. With George's help, Ursula finds the courage to tell her parents that she no longer wants to marry Lyle, but her mother Beatrice Stanhope , who is intent on marrying her to a man of wealth and prestige, threatens George to give Ursula up or she would "remove his reason for wearing a loincloth". Meanwhile, Max and Thor  capture Ape, knowing that he can speak. Ape manages to send Tookie to San Francisco to ask George for help. When Tookie finds George, George returns to Africa to save Ape, and after realizing that she loves George, Ursula follows. George finds the poachers at the treehouse, with Ape in a cage, and he defeats them after an extended battle, with help from Ursula and his animal family. However, Lyle appears and it looks like that he is no longer in prison and has join a marriage cult. He kidnaps Ursula with help from several mercenaries associated with the cult. Lyle intends to marry himself to Ursula immediately. After escaping the mercenaries with help from his gorilla friends, George chases Lyle and Ursula as they float into some river rapids on a raft, then saves Ursula while Lyle enters a dark tunnel. After performing his wedding ceremony and exiting the tunnel, Lyle discovers that he has just married a gorilla. George and Ursula have their wedding and ride off on Shep. They have a son and show him to the land. A little later, during the ending credits, Ape abruptly interrupts the credits reveals to the audience on his fate : he becomes a big singing star in Las Vegas  He is seen singing the Frank Sinatra song " I Did It My Way", with Thor and Max as background staff ; they play as two coconut trees.