 Directed by Adam Wingard   The film is an anthology of several stories, all of which feature "found footage" revolving around a collection of VHS tapes. Each individual tape is framed by "Tape 56", which follows a group of criminals that are sent by an unknown person to retrieve a videotape from a seemingly empty house. Inside, they discover the corpse of a man in front of a television , and decide to split up and check out the basement. As the team searches for the tape, one member stays behind and decides to view a tape that was already in the television's VCR. Between the shorts we are shown brief glimpses of the main arc. In the basement they find a large pile of tapes. While collecting them all, unsure which is the one they're tasked to find, the man with the camera sees a figure walk by and disappear, thinking there is another person in the basement with them. He's told by the leader of the team to ignore it, and they just collect the tapes and return back upstairs. Upon returning to the room containing the dead man, they find that the original viewer has disappeared. The leader orders the camera man to watch the tapes they found in the basement, to figure out which is the right one, as he attempt to find the other guys. The leader returns later, only to discover that the second viewer has disappeared along with the dead man. He goes downstairs and discovers the decapitated remains of one of his men and is soon chased by the undead old man. The leader manages to make it upstairs where he falls down and is presumably killed by the old man, upon which point the VCR begins to play the final tape.  Directed by David Bruckner  Shane, Patrick, and Clint, are three friends who have rented a hotel room with the intent to bring women back for sex. Clint wears a pair of glasses with a hidden web cam to record the encounters. While the three men are bar-hopping, Clint encounters a mysterious woman, Lily, who is staring at him. He tries to talk to her, but she is odd and only whispers out "I like you...". Shane and Lisa, Clint and Lily, and Patrick alone, all return to the hotel room. On the way, Shane convinces Lily to do a bump of cocaine, while Lisa declines. Lily seems nervous, but stays with them back to the room. Once there, Shane becomes angry when Lisa passes out before he can have sex with her, as Patrick laughs constantly as he sits on the couch watching everyone. Lily seems attracted to Clint, who repeatedly goes to and from the bathroom, as he is fairly wasted from the drugs and alcohol he had earlier. As Clint seems to be getting on with Lily, Patrick is laughing, and Lily gets very upset and seems to hiss or snarl at him. Shane, frustrated, starts to make moves towards Lily, and Clint gets upset but doesn't step in. Shane gets Clint to come closer with the camera glasses, as he takes off Lily's dress, and despite Clint's warning, though too intoxicated to comprehend it, they don't notice that her feet are deformed and spiky. As Shane moves on top of Lily, she reaches to Clint and is seemingly attempting to initiate a threesome with him and Shane. Clint is getting overwhelmed, and Lily has rolled Shane over and is on top of him, naked, as Patrick tries to join in, since Clint is hesitant. Lily says no to Patrick and makes a strange huff at him again. Clint returns to the bathroom, and looks back in the room to see that Patrick is naked and trying to move into a threesome with Lily and Shane. Clint goes back into the bathroom again, where Patrick joins him, because Lily has severely bitten Patrick's hand. Shane is laughing at him, saying "no means no", and Clint notices Lily's back is changing colors, but he goes back to the bathroom to start to look for a way to fix Patrick's hand. Patrick and Clint return to find Lily eating Shane, killing him. Patrick also dies when he tries to fend off Lily during when trying to escape. However, the high alcohol content in Patrick's blood causes her to become sick. Clint takes the opportunity to escape, but falls and breaks his wrist. Lily catches up with Clint, now in her true form as a fanged monster<ref nameBruckner|firstDavid Bruckner Talkes V/H/S and THE SIGNAL Sequel We May Never See|urlCollider.com|accessdateSecond HoneymoonTuesday the 17thThe Sick Thing That Happened to Emily When She Was Younger10/31/98 Directed and written by Radio Silence  Chad, Matt, Tyler and Paul  head out to a Halloween party at a stranger's house but soon find the house deserted. They get in through the back and think the house is actually a haunted attraction. The camera in Tyler's bear costume shows things like a woman appearing, then disappearing, in a mirror, and the others laughingly saying things like arms reaching out of the walls in another room. The friends hear loud chanting from the attic and interrupt a group of people seemingly assaulting a bound young woman. They think this is a joke at first but soon realize the truth when the leader assaults the woman violently, strange hands emerge from the walls, and cult members are pulled to the ceiling. The guys run downstairs but one convinces them all to return and rescue the girl, not realizing they are interrupting an exorcism. Just as they save her, more haunting and disturbing paranormal events prevent them from escaping via the front door. They exit through the basement and get into the car, but when they begin to question the woman, she is no longer there. However, she reappears beside the car window. The car starts to move by itself. The friends witness the woman leave into the night and they realize that their car is not only stuck on the train tracks, but the doors are sealed shut, as well. They attempt to break the windows as they see a train approaching. The final video ends as the friends are killed by the oncoming train.