San Francisco police officers John ([[Robert Jones  and Wong  arrest two men raping a girl named Sylvia , utilizing their knowledge of martial arts to take down the assailants, but at the station Sylvia refuses to press charges claiming that she knew the men and that the altercation was all in fun, in clear contradiction of what had truly taken place. In retribution for their arrest, the rapists kidnap John in broad daylight and take him to the beach, where he is beaten by numerous assailants. Wong manages to come to his partner's rescue, killing one of them. For this, he is kicked out of the force by his superior Captain Newman  and soon imprisoned, but John still keeps in touch with his old friend. After serving his sentence, Wong takes a job as a waiter. While waiting tables he meets Chuck Slaughter , a criminal mastermind. Slaughter offers Wong a job in his organization but Wong refuses, even as Slaughter threatens to have him killed. John witnesses some men running away from a bank robbery one morning. While John is chasing some bank robbers. He's pursues the robbers, but there are too many for him and one of them pulls a gun. John runs but is caught in the backyard of the Chu family, where the robbers kill him. The next morning when the police find his body the captain, Newman, accuses Mr. and Mrs. Chu of being in on the murder and the bank robbery. Newman has the Chu's arrested and locked up without bail despite Mr. Chu's claims that he had nothing to do with the crime and didn't even see the men killing John in his backyard. Wong becomes involved because he wants to avenge John's death and free the Chus. He begins shaking down Chinese criminals looking for clues, and they lead him to Captain Newman. Newman, who was working for Mr. Slaughter, inteded to frame the Chu's for the crime committed by Slaughter's own men. Wong fights Newman and kills him. After Wong kills Newman, he attempts to warn Chu's defending lawyer, but the boss of the gang has already murdered the lawyer . Wong is confronted by Slaughter's men on the street, and fights them all off, eventually confronting Slaughter himself. Wong defeats Slaughter after a heated battle, and almost kills him when the police burst onto the scene. The new police captain stops Wong from delivering the lethal blow, informing him that he knows the whole story. Wong is reinstated to the police force, but refuses to carry a pistol saying " has no need of guns".