The film begins in Copenhagen with Frank , a mid-level drug dealer, going to a heroin deal with his sidekick Tonny . The pair only manage to sell some of their product, and then waste time about town. Frank then visits his friend Vic , a prostitute who holds some of Frank's stash for a fee. Vic wants to have a serious relationship with Frank, but Frank prefers to keep it purely sexual. Frank is visited by a former cellmate, a Swede named Hasse ([[Peter Andersson , and the pair set up a large drug deal. Frank visits his supplier, the Serb drug lord Milo  to get the heroin. Already owing Milo some money, Frank cannot cover the cost of the heroin, but Milo allows him to take the drugs provided that he immediately returns with the money. The deal goes bad, however, when police arrive. In the process of evading the police, Frank dumps the heroin in a pond. At the station, police officers convince Frank that Tonny has delivered a confession that implicates Frank, but he still does not admit to anything. When Frank is released after 24 hours he returns to Milo to explain how he lost the money and the drugs. Milo does not believe Frank's story and demands that he pay back even more than he already owes. Frank then immediately seeks Tonny out and savagely beats him with a baseball bat. Milo's cynical henchman Radovan  accompanies Frank to help him collect on some of his own debts to use toward his debt with Milo. The pair have a friendly conversation and Radovan shares his secret desire to open a restaurant. However, when Radovan tries to force an addict customer of Frank's to rob a bank to cover his debt, the addict commits suicide. As Frank makes other disastrous attempts to earn money, Vic becomes increasingly insistent that they behave as a couple. He takes her to several clubs and makes plans to drive her to the veterinarian to see her sick dog. Frank finally makes a deal, but his drug mule betrays him and switches the heroin for baking soda. Radovan drops his friendly demeanor and begins threatening Frank with serious injury should he fail to pay up soon. Frank goes on a desperate rampage, stealing some money and drugs from a gym of drug-dealing bodybuilders, but he is soon picked up by Radovan and tortured. Frank manages to escape and makes plans to flee with Vic to Spain. After successfully making his final deal in Copenhagen, Frank receives a call from Milo, who promises to accept a token payment to put an end to their feud. When Frank bluntly informs Vic that he will not be going away with her, she steals his stash of money and flees. The film ends with Frank grimly catching his breath as his enemies throughout the city prepare to strike.