Shot on location in Manhattan and Long Island, the movie depicts the lives of young, well-educated upper-class New Yorkers  during debutante ball season while home for winter break in their first year of college. Middle-class Princeton student Tom Townsend, an admirer of Charles Fourier's socialism and self-absorbed "radical," attends a ball one evening on a whim and meets a small group of popular young socialites from the Upper East Side with whom he shares some mutual friends - including Serena Slocumb, who Tom dated briefly at boarding school and now pines for. Unbeknownst to Tom, another girl in the group, Audrey, has a crush on him. Tom attends several more balls and after-parties over the course of two weeks, gradually becoming ingratiated with this group of people he had claimed to disdain. Chief among them is Nick Smith, a somewhat nihilistic dandy, and Charlie Black, an intellectual who has a crush on Audrey. All in the group are aware that their social scene and way of life is a relic of the past. Much of the film is taken up by the group's discussions of their milieu and its complex social rules, which Tom often blithely violates. Tom's father is wealthy but he left the family several years earlier and took all of their money with him, so Tom has a very conflicted relationship with wealth and the upper-class social scene, which is both familiar and unfamiliar to him. Eventually, Audrey tires of Tom's self-absorption and obsession with Serena, and goes off for a weekend on the Hamptons on Long Island with Rick von Slonecker, a callous young aristocrat who is rumored to be a sadist and misogynist. Tom learns from Serena that Audrey has had a crush on Tom from afar for more than a year, and that Serena gave all of Tom's love letters  to Audrey. Tom and Charlie, despondent that Audrey might sleep with Rick, travel by taxi to the Hamptons to retrieve her. She is touched, and leaves with them. The film ends ambiguously, as Audrey plans to return to study in France and Tom contemplates flying to visit her. The final shot shows Tom, Audrey, and Charlie walking back to New York City.