Set in the early 1900s, the film tells the story of Major Amberson and his descendants, an upper-class Indianapolis family, focusing on his grandson, George Minafer , loss of love and money over the generations. At the beginning of the film, George is home on break from college. His mother Isabel  and grandfather, the major ([[Richard Bennett , hold a reception in his honor. Among the guests are the widowed Eugene Morgan , a prosperous automobile manufacturer who has just returned to town after a twenty-year absence, and his daughter Lucy . George instantly takes to the beautiful and charming Lucy, but seems to take as quick a dislike to her father Eugene. George's father Wilbur Minafer  dies. As Morgan's automobile plant prospers, the industrialist builds a mansion to rival the magnificence of that of Major Amberson . During a dinner party, George Minafer tells Morgan that he thinks "automobiles are a useless nuisance, which had no business being invented." The other family members are taken aback by his rudeness, but Morgan says that George may turn out to be right, since he knows that automobiles are going to drastically alter human civilization, for better or worse. During the evening George learns from his uncle Jack Amberson ([[Ray Collins  and aunt Fanny  that his mother Isabel and Morgan had once been an item. He is particularly enraged by his aunt's implication that Isabel always loved Morgan—even during her life with George's father, Wilbur—and that people in town are still gossiping about this juicy tidbit. Morgan courts Isabel and decides to ask her to marry him. Sensing the developing intensity of their relationship, George takes control and rebuffs a planned visit from Morgan at the door of the Amberson mansion. Isabel's love for her son overrides her love for Morgan, so she complies with George's demands, although she knows that he is trying to separate her from Morgan. George takes his mother on a world tour, ostensibly to get away from the "scandalous" talk in the town of her love for Morgan before her husband's death, but also to remove her from the possibility of a relationship with him. Before leaving for Europe, George tries to learn what Lucy is feeling, but she feigns cheerful insouciance, concealing her pain. George and his mother travel and live in Europe for a while. After she becomes ill, they return to the US, where George acts as gatekeeper for the dying Isabel. Morgan comes to the house to visit, but George refuses to let him see Isabel, who is on her deathbed. Shortly after Isabel's death, her grief-stricken father dies. The major leaves nothing of his estate to his descendants, and George and the other family members must fend for themselves financially. Lucy does not reconcile with George. She tells her father Morgan a story about a North American chieftain who was "pushed out on a canoe into the sea" when he became too obnoxious and overbearing . As the entire family's fortune has been depleted, George decides to give up his job at a law firm and go to work in a factory which pays more. He helps care for his Aunt Fanny, who has descended into psychosis. The film ends with George wandering around an increasingly polluted city, confused and disoriented by the industrial society that has developed around him. Additional ending scenes  show George getting injured in an automobile accident, and Morgan reconciling with him at the hospital.