Hannah  is a 19-year-old college freshman who suffers from epilepsy, asthma and depression. On the verge of her theatrical debut in a university play, she suddenly collapses on stage. After a variety of tests, Hannah meets with her parents ([[John Schneider  and a doctor from the hospital where her father works. The doctor quotes passages from Hannah's journal that reveal that she has been feeling lost and unwanted. In the heated exchange that ensues, she learns not only that she is adopted, but that her biological mother had tried to abort her. Hannah experiences a range of emotions from confusion, to anger, to desperation and seeks out her best friend, Jason , for advice. After sorting through her feelings and her options with Jason, she decides to find her birth mother. She sets out on a journey that leads her to her birthplace, Mobile, Alabama. She locates the nurse  who assisted in the abortion, and they have an emotional encounter while the nurse describes the circumstances behind not only her birth, but that of her twin brother, whom she knew nothing about. She leaves the nurse's apartment knowing not only the new  name of her birth mother but where she works. When she finally meets her biological mother , she is overwhelmed with feelings of rejection, anger and hatred by her mother's rejection. Hannah's birth parents also go through their own pain and suffering, deciding to tell Hannah the details of their choice to adopt both her and her brother - her brother dying just months later. Hannah wanders aimlessly until she sees a Catholic church and goes in. She seeks consolation from a priest . He says to her: "Because we have been forgiven by God, we should forgive each other. In Jesus, you are forgiven, and, because you are forgiven, you have the power to forgive, to choose to forgive. Let it go. Hatred is a burden you no longer need to carry. Only in forgiveness can you be free, Hannah—forgiveness that is well beyond your grasp, or mine, a forgiveness that you can’t find on a trip or even in this cathedral. But, if the Son shall set you free, you will be free indeed."× Hannah experiences an epiphany and finds she is able to forgive her biological mother and forget about the botched abortion.