Tony Banks , a retired mob "torpedo" , now settled with wife Flo  and daughter Darlene , worries about his daughter's new hippie boyfriend Stash , and his own paternity of Darlene. Cesar Romero and Frankie Avalon appear as a father-and-son pair of mob bosses, Hechy and Angie, who bring Tony the news that top mobster "God"  wants him to carry out one last job — liquidating his old pal, "Blue Chips" Packard , before Packard can testify before the US Senate's Crime Commission. Tony refuses, but upon discovering another old friend, Harry , shot through the head, goes along with God's wishes and, now wearing a convict's striped outfit, finds himself in the island prison of Alcatraz, a futuristically high-tech institution where Packard is held under top-level protection. In Tony's absence, Stash and his friends, who have been charged with vagrancy, are invited by Flo to stay at their house. She visits Angie  to persuade him to either cancel the job, or take her to God  so she can ask personally. Angie won't take Flo, but he will take Darlene, who nonetheless insists on bringing Stash along. God takes a liking to Darlene, as does God's tall, supermodel-like black mistress  to Stash, but both are frustrated in their pursuit. One of Tony's cellmates turns out to be a draft dodger called Fred the Professor , an electronics wizard who has renounced technology, but makes an exception in rigging a television set to allow Banks the opportunity of cell-to-cell communication with Packard. Banks realizes he can't kill his old friend, and, as a result, will probably never leave the prison. He writes his wife with the news, on stationery borrowed from Fred, while ignoring Fred's admonition not to lick the envelope and discovering the hard way that all the stationery is soaked with LSD... enough to send the whole prison on a bad trip. One of the inmates, Leech  says, "Hey, maybe if I take some of that stuff, I wouldn't have to rape anybody anymore." Fred guides Tony through the resulting acid experience, helping him come to terms with his worries about Darlene and his past while plotting their escape. Darlene and Stash spend the night aboard God's yacht, with Stash getting word back to Flo and his friends about their location, and a coded plea for help. As the hippies mount a rescue, Tony and Fred build a makeshift balloon from discarded freezer bags and garbage cans, dump the whole supply of stationery into the prison's lunch, and fly out of the prison as everyone below begins to freak out. As it happens, both the hippies  and the balloon arrive on God's hideaway at the same time. Feeling trapped, God adopts the stooped Groucho posture, skulks into a clothes closet and closes the door. As the film ends, we last see Flo and Tony as she pulls him towards a bed in one of the yacht's empty side cabins, while in the main cabin, God's Skipper , holding open a copy of Gabriel Vahanian's iconic 1961 book, The Death of God, performs a marriage ceremony between Angie and God's Mistress, who then proceeds to become overly affectionate with surprised best-man/father-figure Hechy, as the dismayed Angie tries to separate them. Behind them, another ceremony, performed by a hippie "minister" named Geronimo , using the Skipper's Death of God book, joins "this brother and this sister"  "in holy union". The scene cuts to a medium shot, in calm waters, of a small sailboat, with sails decorated in large psychedelic designs of the words "LOVE" and "PEACE", holding two occupants — Fred the Professor and God, both dressed in Hare Krishna/transcendental meditation garb. As Nilsson's voice is heard singing "I Will Take You There", they smile beatifically while sharing a lit joint and, after taking a puff, God/Groucho murmurs, "...mmm, pumpkin". At this point, before members of the theatrical audience can rise from their seats, the words "Stop!, we are not through yet, and before you skidoo, we'd like to introduce our cast and crew", spoken in Otto Preminger's familiar German-accented voice, are heard from the soundtrack. The entire credit sequence  is then sung by Nilsson, with various asides .