The film tells the story of an alien whose spaceship crashes in an Uzbek kolhoz. Bozorboy Normatov discovers the alien while looking for his lost cow "Oytovoq." Sotiboldi writes that the spaceship that crashed in Uzbekistan, "unlike the beautiful spaceship with lights in E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial, looks like a pot but is real." The alien is a white boy who speaks many languages and can perform miracles such as transporting people and objects through space and making it rain at will. Bozorboy calls the alien Abdullajon after his grandfather. Bozorboy adopts Abdullajon as his seventh child. The villagers think that Abdullajon is an illegitimate child of Bozorboy from his Russian wife somewhere. Russian scientists in Moscow predict that an alien will land in the village and ask the head of the kolkhoz to tell them immediately if anyone comes across the alien. Bozorboy and Abdullajon look for the tiny gadget that would allow Abdullajon to call for help. Bozorboy finds the gadget first and hides it from Abdullajon but later can't find it in the place where he hides it. When Bozorboy says to Abdullajon that he needs "big money" to solve all of his problems, Abdullajon understands him literally and makes him a huge one Ruble coin about the size of a manhole from the family's cauldron. Then Bozorboy asks Abdullajon to multiply a Ruble banknote. Abdullajon easily makes much money from a single banknote. However, after reading in one of the notes that making counterfeit money is illegal, they burn all the money. Abdullajon performs many more miracles such as enabling people to fly on hoes, making hens lay fifty eggs per minute, growing enormous fruits and vegetables , making a cow give birth to forty calves, and enabling a local technician to make his own hi-fi VCR recorders. The villagers do not know that Abdullajon is responsible for all of the miracles. An old drunkard tells the head of the kolkhoz that he will tell everyone in the village that the head is responsible for all the miracles in exchange for getting a bottle of vodka every day. The head agrees and gets all the credit for the miracles. At a public meeting he is presented a special hoe which fails to fly. Bozorboy tells the head of the kolkhoz about Abdullajon. The head asks Abdullajon to make his hoe fly as well but Abdullajon disagrees saying that he is guilty of an "unforgivable crime", namely, killing a bee. The head angrliy climbs up to a tall tower with a hoe and falls to the ground and becomes a cripple. Moscow deploys a fleet of tanks and fighter planes to find the alien. It is revealed that Bozorboy's wife hid the device that would enable Abdullajon to call for help. She gives it to Abdullajon and sees him off as he flies away in another pot-like spaceship. The films ends with Sotiboldi inviting Steven Spielberg to his village to "eat watermelon and ride a hoe."