Jo-goo, a street magician , notices a miserable looking girl, Yeo-ri , in the audience during one of his performances, and she winds up being the inspiration for his “Horror magic show.” The show became a runaway success almost overnight and Jo-goo in turn, is now a successful stage magician with a model girlfriend. Yeo-ri works for Jo-goo, playing the specter in his show. Forward to almost a year later, the darkness inside her, something her fellow colleagues sense, keeps her from truly connecting with them. When Jo-goo’s attempt to include Yeo-ri in a staff dinner finally succeeds, hilarious disaster ensues when she ends up blindingly drunk. Jo-goo calls Yeo-ri the next morning to sort things out, but when the phone disconnects with a weird sound, he decided to drop by her place for a visit instead. There, Jo-goo met and engages in a game of hide-and-seek with a ghost child, which then scared the bejesus out of him later that night. As the two of them spent more time together, developing a fast friendship, Yeo-ri confesses the long story behind her gray, wan face. Yeo-ri acquired an 'unwanted' ability to see the dead ever since she survived a high school automobile accident. She not only sees dead people, but these 'dead people' also appear in her life on a regular basis. In particular, the vengeful ghost of her best friend Joo-hee, who died during that automobile incident, follows her everywhere scaring people around her relentlessly. Yeo-ri eventually ended up leading a solitary life, even her family fled the country and left her behind. She sleeps in a tent in her living room, speaks to a friend sometimes and only through the phone, resigning herself to the idea that her solitary life is best in the grand scheme of things. During the course of Jo-goo’s failed attempts to find his lonely friend Yeo-ri a boyfriend, the pair starts to develop feelings for each other. And though Jo-goo is sometimes scared witless himself, he loves Yeo-ri enough to overcome his fear. Joo-hee, consumed by jealousy, becomes a threat during the show, prompting Yeo-ri to head off to join her family in order to protect Jo-goo from herself and the ghost. Is getting away going to be that easy, or does Joo-hee have more tricks up her sleeves?"Preview: A Lovable Horror Film Lead Girl and Her Chilling Romance" enewsWorld. 23 November 2011.