Mama Ji is a drama with comedy and romance. Bansi Lal is an idle and not very intelligent guy living at his  sister's home. His maternal grandfather is a business man in Africa. His sister, Lajwanti, and her husband, Kirpa Ram, are very unhappy with him as he not uses his brain at works. They want him to leave. One day, he buy a magic stick from a magician thinking that the stick really have the magic. This makes his sister and her husband very angry again. As he realized that the stick don't actually have any magic, he feels robbed and one day, he snatches money from the magician and runs and hides himself into a tonga. A beautiful girl, Laali, is searching for his father, lost in the Visakhi mela . A tonga driver takes her with him, in the same tonga in which Bansi hide himself, saying that he'll find her father. Reaching out of the city, he tries to rape her but Bansi rescues her and take her home. The police locate Laali as her father reported and reach Kirpa Ram's home to get her back. Laali's father takes her back with thanks but Kirpa Ram got angry as the police came home because of Bansi and throws him out. Wondering, Bansi reaches Laali's village where he saves her from, Phumman, a proud son of Khema - a patwari . Bansi stays at Laali's home. A lawyer comes to Kirpa Ram saying that Bansi's grandfather is died giving his property to Bansi. At this, as Bansi is now a rich guy, they starts finding him. As the village is in trouble by a lion, the patwari demands some guns from his senior officers and distributes them in the youngmen to kill the lion who killed many people of the village. Laali's father, takes Bansi to be a brave guy, have him a gun. Bansi, afrade but not to let anyone know about his fear, goes to jungle with the gun. Incidently, a bullet from Bansi's gun killed the lion. Bansi is honored for his bravery and his photo is published in the newspaper that helps his sister and Kirpa Ram locating him. Bansi, to manage his property, leaves Laali's village promising her to be back. Laali asks Bansi to write letters on a shopkeeper's address. One day Bansi receives a letter from Laali; as Bansi is illiterate, his servant arranges a literate person, Saukha Ram, to read the letter and writes a reply but the letter not reaches Laali as Phumman, bribing the shopkeeper, takes the letter. Every letter written by Bansi takes by Phumman. Saukha Ram, a partner of Chameli - a dancer, plans to rob Bansi; for this he decides to read Laali's letters wrong to kick Laali out from Bansi's heart that 'll make him like Chameli. Saukha Ram read the letter wrong that makes Bansi angry and writes hatred words in the reply. Laali, this time reaching in time, takes the letter from Phumman but her heart is broken on reading such hatred reply from Bansi but on knowing that Bansi is in a bad company, she reaches Bansi's home disguised as an officer, frightes him to take his money back to his grandfather's account in Africa. Saukha Ram fixes bribe with the officer and tells him that he kicked his beloved Laali out of his heart as part of the plan to rob Bansi. Then Saukha Ram suggests Bansi to sell all his property and at night, tries to steal Bansi's cash but Laali as the officer, frighting him, takes all the cash from him. Bansi becomes poor again and all his good time friends backs off. Disappointed Bansi tried to suicide but Laali saves him, telling that she still loves him, takes him home. Finally, Bansi is told that he is not poor, his cash is safe, and they gets happily married.