Roger Brown  is Norway's most successful headhunter. Self-conscious of his own 5ft 6 ins height, he is married to a tall blonde gallery owner named Diana . Diana hopes for a family, but Roger is evasive on the subject. Roger is also an art thief, stealing pictures from clients, using information he works out of them during job interviews. His friend and accomplice, Ove , who works at a surveillance company, helps Roger with his thefts by deactivating the victims' home security systems and helping sell the stolen artwork. Ove has set up a surveillance camera to film his Russian prositute friend without her knowledge, but visible to his friends at the surveillance company. The camera is aimed at the chair, but not the bed. During an exhibition at Diana's gallery, Roger meets Clas Greve , who wants to be the CEO of Pathfinder, a surveillance company, a job for which Roger is recruiting. He seems highly qualified, having apparently recently left a position as CEO of one of Pathfinder's main competitors. Roger becomes jealous of Clas, in part due to his attention to Diana. Roger discovers that Clas owns a rare Rubens painting and contacts Ove. A few days later, Roger and Clas meet at a restaurant and, while playing squash, Clas tells Roger more about his past. He joined the Danish army when he turned 18, and was selected for an elite unit that tracked criminals. He is clearly familiar with very sophisticated techniques for tracking people. He is now in Oslo to renovate his recently deceased grandmother's apartment. Roger breaks into Clas's apartment and steals the painting. He sees some children playing outside and realises he wants children with Diana. He calls her but hears her cellphone ringing in Clas's bedroom, finding her cell phone in Clas's bed. The next day, he prepares to go to work, but finds Ove, without a pulse, in his car in his garage. Roger hides Ove in the boot and finds a used poison syringe  under the upholstery of the seat of the car. Roger drives the car to a lake, where he dumps of Ove. As he sits by the lake grieving, Ove regains consciousness and Roger rescues him from the lake. Roger realises Ove knelt on the syringe as Ove tried to retrieve the painting from Roger's car's roof pocket, the poison syringe injecting Ove's knee and the poison slowly flowing through his body, thus not killing him. They go to Ove's cabin, where Ove tells Roger to call for a doctor. Roger, not wanting the police to get involved, gets Ove some milk from the refrigerator to slow down the poison. He picks up a gun Ove stores in the refrigerator and returns to find Ove holding a semi-automatic handgun, demanding Roger call a doctor. Ove, faint, loses control of the heavy handgun, shooting a spray of bullets at Roger, puncturing the milk carton. Roger accidentally shoots off one shot, hitting Ove in the head, killing him. Roger is aghast, but decides to put on Ove's clothes as a disguise. Roger leaves the cabin and sees Clas exiting an SUV parked outside, with a machete and his Dogo Argentino dog. Roger gets to his car in time, but Clas breaks the window and tries to attack Roger. Roger drives away and finds Ove's car on the side of the road. He gets into the car and drives to the lake, where he strips and puts Ove's clothes on. He then goes to a farm, where the farmer lets Roger stay in the cabin. Roger realises that Clas is trying to kill him and is tracking him somehow. He hides in an outhouse and sees Clas and his dog near the house. Clas realises that Roger is in the outhouse and enters, but Roger is nowhere to be seen. Roger hides under the outhouse in the manure, with only an empty roll of toilet paper through which to breathe. He escapes to the barn, but Ove's car has been disabled. He goes to the farmer's house, finding the farmer dead. He gets the keys to the tractor and runs to the barn, but is attacked by Clas's dog, which Roger impales on the tractor spikes. Roger drives the tractor away from the barn and sees an SUV, identical to Clas's, following him. In his attempt to evade his pursuer, he overturns the tractor and loses consciousness. We see that the driver behind him was not in fact Clas. Roger wakes up in hospital, being treated for his injuries. A nurse tells him that police officers want to talk to him about the death of the farmer. Roger realises that Clas killed the farmer, who didn't want to give away Roger's location. Roger runs away from two fat identical twin police officers. He is then arrested by two other police officers who think that Roger is actually Ove. In the car, a truck is reported stolen. They spot a semi driving toward them. One of the police officers exits the car and tries to stop the truck. The semi rams the police car and the police officer off the cliff. Roger regains consciousness wedged between the two dead fat police officers. He tries to escape, but sees Clas walking towards the car and pretends to be dead. Clas, thinking Roger is dead, walks away. Roger escapes from the car, and swaps clothes with one of the dead police officers, whose face is disfigured and unidentifiable. He hammers the police officer's fingers, so no-one can identify the fingerprints. Roger, thinking that he is being tracked by high-tech transmitters in a gel in his hair, shaves his hair off and puts it in a bag of peanuts, which he hides in the police officer's shirt. Roger makes an unannounced visit to his former mistress, Lotte , and asks for help. Lotte says she will help him, and goes to the bathroom to get some water and first aid to clean him up. However, Roger mistrusts Lotte, who he finds has just texted Clas that he is still alive and with her. Roger confronts Lotte with a gun, and she reveals that Clas was sent by his former company, HOTE, which is now in financial crisis, to steal some of Pathfinder's technology, and that she became his mistress as a way for her to introduce Clas to Roger. While Roger turns away, Lotte reaches for a kitchen knife and stabs him, which ends with a fight and Lotte being shot dead by Roger. Roger then suprises Diana on the porch of their house where she confesses and apologizes for her affair with Clas. After spending the night, Roger sneaks into the forensic morgue the next day. He takes the bag of peanuts from the body of the police officer. Diana texts Clas about meeting at his apartment, and she turns up at his apartment and the two embrace. Roger goes to Ove's cabin and cleans up all of the evidence that he was there. Clas walks into the room with a gun trained on Roger. At the suveillance company Ove's coworkers can see Clas and gun on their surveillance, but not Roger or Ove. Clas tells Roger that Diana doesn't love him anymore, and then tries to shoot Roger. However, all he fires are blanks, and Roger shoots and wounds Clas with Ove's automatic handgun. Roger says that Diana does love him: Roger told her he was going to Ove's cabin and Diana replaced the bullets in Clas' gun with blanks. Clas then tries to reach for another gun in the cabin, but Roger is too quick and shoots Clas dead. Roger leaves the handgun  in Ove's hand and climbs out the window so he will not be seen on the surveillance camera. After viewing the surveillance video, the police conclude that Class and Ove were working together as art thieves before killing each other in a shootout. Ove also gets blaimed for killing Lotte. A famous detective who had been investigating the art thefts is confused because Ove's autopsy determined that Ove had died well before Clas, but to take the credit for resolving the crime, the detective publically accepts the clear-cut solution. Later, Roger and a pregnant Diana are shown selling their house. Roger is then back at work introducing another CEO candidate to Pathfinder.