Kundavi  was brought up in a small village called Ambasamudram. She, along with her two friends, decide to have a love marriage. However she is not so successful. Her father arranges her marriage to Gautham  against his wishes. Both look gloomy during the wedding due to obvious reasons. Six years later in Mumbai they have a 5-year-old daughter Aishu  and live as a happily married couple. Gautham works as the chief mechanic at an automobile company and goes to New York for a short period. During this time, Kundavi comes across Gautham's old college diary. Gautham wanted to be an engineer from a young age and forced his father's brother to pay for a seat in Coimbatore for Mechanical Engineering. From the second year of college he is the don. In college, he is attracted to Aishu , whose father is a Coimbatore MP. Gautham and Aishu fall in love and decide to get married. At the registrar's office after Gautham ties the knot, Aishu's father and his men beat him up, separating the lovers and sending Aishu off to Australia. At the end of the diary, Gautham writes a note: "if I have one wish, it would be to live with Aishu happily at least for one day." Gautham returns from New York and finds his wife changed. She works late and avoids him. She finds Gautham's lost love Aishu, who had just returned from Australia. Aishu has become a modern girl in contrast to the demure salwar kameez girl she was in college. Kundavi asks Aishu to visit them and she tells her husband that he should live happily with Aishu for a day and that for that one day, she and their daughter do not exist for him, and leaves Gautham with Aishwarya. That day Gautham spends with Aishwarya, Kundavi imagines them to have a good time and eventually fall in love with each other all over again. When she gets back home, dreading, she finds her husband alone at home. She asks about his day with Aishwarya, and he gives her a letter written to Kundavi from Aishwarya. In it, Aishwarya says that within five minutes of speaking to her, Gautham mentioned 'Kundavi' so many times that she realised that he loved his wife very much and is leading a very happy life. She wishes the couple a happy life and leaves, never to return.