Thirumoorthy , a corrupt politician, dreams to become the prime minister and hires an terrorist to kill the current prime minister. In jail, Sekhar  is engaged by a terrorist and they escapes from the jail. He reveals that he is a police officer, kills some terrorists and catches the leader. He is praised for saving the prime minister by his superiors. Yamuna ([[Rambha  is in love with Sekhar. Nilakantha , an orthodox Brahmin, is Sekhar's father ([[Vijayakumar  best friend and Sekhar's father decides to marry his son to Nilakantha's daughter Meena ([[Meena . Franka, a French citizen, lives with them to learn their culture. Sekhar also falls in love with Yamuna and his father accepts for his marriage. Sekhar has the mission to find Franka who supposed to be lost. A killer misses to kill Sekhar and kills Yamuna. Sekhar goes to Nilakantha's house and it was empty. Meena is now in jail for killing Franka. Sekhar invites Thirumoorthy for Krishna Jayanthi in jail and Meena attempts to kill him. The same killer who killed Yamuna tries to kill Meena but Sekhar saves her and kills the killer. Sekhar enquires Meena ans she reveals the truth. Franka was robbed her handbag with her passport. Meena and Franka complained at the police station. Franka was called at the police station but Thirumoorthy raped her and she died. Thangamani , a police officer, promised to Meena to arrest the culprit and he first prevented his partner Thirumoorthy. Thangamani arrested Meena and the villagers humiliated her family, Meena's family have self-immolated. Sekhar gets married with Meena in the jail and Meena is released on bail. Sekhar is unable to arrest Thirumoorthy because it would be a black mark for his country. Thangamani refuses to provide information to Sekhar so he beats Thangamani. Thangamani reveals all about Thirumoorthy, however a hitman kills Thangamani and kidnaps Sekhar. Thirumoorthy threatens Sekhar to kill his father and his wife if he doesn't kill the prime minister himself. Despite, Sekhar is escorted by Thirumoorthy's henchmen in the plane, he manages to escape from the plane. He finds the place where his father and his wife are sequestrated, and saves them. To save the prime minister, Sekhar finds the sniper and kills him. Thirumoorthy decides to kill himself the prime minister but Sekhar saves him and kills Thirumoorthy.