Shikokuchuo is a town that specializes in making calligraphy paper. However, the town had been devastated by the Japanese Recession, and many shops in the town's shopping arcade were forced to close. Over at Tsumishima High School's calligraphy club, a membership crisis ensues after many of its members left the club in quick succession. Satoko refused to be worried, and continues to focus on her work for the upcoming national calligraphy competition. One day, a new relief teacher, Ikezawa, was assigned to the calligraphy club as its adviser. After Satoko and Kana mistook him as a thief, they threw calligraphy ink on him, thus leaving a bad first impression. After hearing that the club only has 7 members left, Ikezawa puts up a performance calligraphy show to attract new members. This enraged Satoko, who strongly believes in the traditional method of calligraphy. However, another member, Kiyomi was deeply impressed by the performance and started practicing it, putting her at odds with Satoko, who later chases her away from the club. Satoko later has a change of heart when she realizes how much calligraphy meant to Kiyomi. She also agreed to put up a performance to commemorate the closure of the shop that Kiyomi's father runs. Ultimately, the performance was a failure, but the club members were surprised at the number of people who came to watch their performance. Just before Kiyomi moved to Hiroshima, she requested Satoko to continue practicing performance calligraphy. At around the same time, Tomoya's grandfather's paper-making workshop burnt down after Tomoya's grandfather started burning the high-quality calligraphy paper he made that no shop wanted to purchase. Satoko got a revelation that all was not lost after she found an unburnt calligraphy paper amidst all the rubble. The calligraphy club then got to work convincing the town's residents to support their idea of starting a performance calligraphy competition and to drum up publicity for the event. The members wanted the competition to revive their dying town. They started practicing very hard, but were frustrated due to the lack of progress. Initially reluctant, Ikezawa finally stepped in to coach them after much persuasion. Even after practicing for a long time, Ikezawa still thinks that their work is still missing something. To overcome this problem, the club members decide to persuade Mio, a former talented club member, back into the club. They eventually succeed and their work gets a big boost. Meanwhile, many schools from around the region have volunteered to participate in the competition. Even the national media have reported about the upcoming competition. To make the competition more meaningful, the members decide only to use the town's famed calligraphy paper, even though those they had were too fragile. Upon seeing their determination, Satoko's father, who was initially opposed to the competition, commissioned Tomoya's grandfather to make a suitably strong calligraphy paper as a sign of his support. On the day of the competition, the team faced strong teams from other high schools. During their performance, they were off to a good start. However, several mishaps occurred and their work was ruined. Despite this setback, the team did not give up and completed their work. After the performance, Ikezawa left the town. In the background, a poster was advertising the next edition of the competition. Ikezawa later opened a letter containing a group photograph of the team and the words "Thank you" written behind. Meanwhile, the members of the calligraphy club vowed to not to lose again at the next edition of the competition after receiving a challenge letter from another school.