A-Tai  narrates that he is the son of Uncle Da  and Aunt Da , who run a troupe in Taichung. Uncle Da's troupe does traditional performance in front of religious processions. The religion requires performers to "initiate the faces and pose as gods"—to put on a special face painting, or to put on a heavy body puppet costume, both of these represent gods' persona. The performance demands training of martial arts, acrobatics and endurance, and the society associates performers with gangsters. Uncle Da has been competing with Wu-cheng , who studied with Uncle Da under the same master. A-Tai grew estranged with his father and the troupe, and went to Taipei to study Rock music, until a mysterious old man in a blue coat bids him home. A-Tai's home is a small private temple which also accommodates Uncle Da's troupe, now named Jyou-tian. The troupe is composed of young men and one young woman Min-min : Pear is autistic, A-Hsin is abused by his father, and Min-min, A-Kui and Maria came to Uncle Da's strict discipline to avoid becoming gangsters. Uncle Da is aided by middle-aged Betel-nut Cheng. Betel-nut Cheng is married with a Mainlander immigrant wife, and may have to quit the troupe to concentrate on his betel-nut stand. At home A-Tai quarrels with Uncle Da and his troupe. They call A-Tai "Three Minutes" because he cannot commit himself long enough. Meanwhile, Jyou-tian is pushed out of business by Wu-cheng's troupe. With support of Aunt Da, A-Tai challenges Wu-cheng and his son A-Hsien : A-Tai takes charge of Jyou-tian, and A-Tai promises that under his leadership, Jyou-tian will defeat Wu-cheng's troupe in six months, or Jyou-tian will leave Taichung altogether. As he takes charge, A-Tai learns the art of the troupe and the difficulties of each troupe member. A-Tai starts training with drumming, and tries to use stage elements and create a new performance that "earns respect without initiating the face and posing as gods." Uncle Da is against A-Tai's idea, and all crew members are loyal to Uncle Da. A-Tai insists on his authority, and takes the troupe on a tour to circle the Taiwan island on foot. Outside the troupe, A-Tai is also challenged by A-Hsien, who performs the challenging sequence of "Settling Camp" before him. On their island tour, Jyou-tian performed drumming before a temple. A-Tai's style is accepted by the crowd and other troupes, and A-Tai earns the hearts of all the troupe members. The tour also attracts coverage of TV show host Bi  and becomes famous. A-Hsien, though antagonistic to A-Tai, admires A-Tai's will to take over his father's place. Both Bi and Min-min develop romantic interest in A-Tai, but A-Tai only sees Min-min and Bi gives up. After Jyou-tian comes back to Taichung, they win the promised contest with Wu-cheng's group. A-Hsien joins A-Tai, and the two young men want to join the two troupes to perform on the "International Cultural Festival" hosted by the Taichung government. However their fathers reject the plan. The man in blue coat shows up and is revealed to be the master of Uncle Da and Wu-cheng. He beats the two disciples and lectures them. Later in the temple, the two fathers reconcile each other and their sons and the two troupes join hands for the Festival. On the Festival night, Jyou-tian performed on a stage in the amphitheater of an urban park. Jyou-tian's new performance modifies the face painting and costumes, and is combined with stage props, effects, performers' vocals and electric guitars. They win the respect of their families, the master, and all other audiences. A-Tai's narration concludes that his way now earns Uncle Da's support, and Jyou-tian undergoes an even more difficult training including climbing Mount Yu and passing Sahara desert, Africa.