{{Plot}} Jimmy Egan  leads the New York City Police Department to victory in police-league football. While everybody is celebrating, Francis Tierney Jr.  answers his phone to find out that several men from their unit have been killed. Along with Ray Tierney  they rush to the scene and find several dead officers. Francis Tierney Sr. , pushes Ray to lead the task-force unit investigating the incident. The next day Ray is observing the crime scene with fellow officers, and finds that there was a suspect who escaped and finds the suspect's cell phone. Speaking Spanish, Ray interviews the boy. Through this he determines that the suspect, Angel Tezo was bleeding from the stomach and got into a cab. Cut to Jimmy, Kenny Dugan , Reuben "Sandy" Santiago  and Eddie Carbone  in a field with the getaway cab. The driver is dead, Tezo is gone. We find that the four officers investigating the cab here are corrupt. They set about to find Tezo before Ray and the task-force do. Tezo is seen in an apartment getting stitched up while watching television. After the doctor stitches Tezo up he is shot dead instead of being paid. Ray is reviewing the photos and notices one of the dead gangsters from the crime scene was not wearing a belt, and that his shoelaces were gone. Officers arrive where Tezo was being stitched up, and are noticed by his friends while parking their cruiser. Tezo shoots two of his friends, and escapes. Ray finds out that Tezo has a friend in the police department, named "Sandy". Ray has the officers who are present keep this quiet. Later Ray confronts Francis Jr., and shares this information with his older brother, but Francis Jr. lies and says there's no policemen in his division nicknamed "Sandy". Shortly after, Francis Jr. confronts Sandy in the showers. Francis Jr. tells Sandy he's fired after Sandy breaks, telling him that he and the officers in his unit are, in essence, a gang with badges. He says the incident took place because the officers wanted to kill Tezo so they could work with another dealer, but that the hit went bad, with several officers dying and Tezo escaping. Despite being their leader, Francis Jr. seems surprised this behavior has occurred, which surprises Sandy, who thought he'd known all along. Francis fires Sandy. Jimmy is home with his wife and kids, and is confronted by the dealer Casado, who had paid Jimmy and his squad to kill Tezo, so that they could start working for him. After a heated encounter, Casado walks to his Bentley GT while telling Jimmy that he is going to be killed. Fearing both Casado and the task-force, Jimmy and the other corrupt officers rush to find and kill Tezo. Jimmy and another officer find that Tezo's cousin is in town. After breaking the door down and beating him, they learn where Tezo is. While this was happening, Ray also finds out where Tezo is . Ray arrives to find the corrupt officers are nearly done torturing Tezo to death. When Ray  opposes this, an officer shoots Tezo dead. Ray realizes his brother-in-law Jimmy used his gun to execute Tezo, to make it look like Ray was the one who fired. Ray attacks Jimmy, but realizes he cannot do much as it was his gun that killed Tezo. He calls his older brother, Francis Jr., to tell him their brother-in-law Jimmy just tortured Tezo to death, and then framed him for it. Francis Jr. is torn between his job and his family; his dying wife encourages him to do what is right, even if it means all this corruption happened under Francis Jr.'s watch, with some of it committed by his brother-in-law Jimmy. Sandy, having been fired, calls a reporter to do an expose on the corrupt officers. The reporter meets him in a parking lot. Sandy spills everything to the reporter before shooting himself in the head. The next day the newspaper proclaims "Corrupt Cop Cashes-Out". Both the good and bad officers work to pin this corruption on the four dead policemen from the initial crime scene, along with the now-dead Sandy. Francis Jr. confronts Jimmy in the bar they all go to. Jimmy is surprised that Francis Jr. is mad, and presumed he already knew what was happening. Francis Jr. admits he allowed Jimmy and the officers some leeway, but is furious at how far they took the corruption. He also tells Jimmy there's no way he'll let him frame Ray for murdering Tezo. Francis is appalled that, after becoming their brother-in-law, that Jimmy got them into this situation. Jimmy offers Francis "his cut". Francis Jr refuses and leaves. Ray, in a room with internal affairs investigators, tells them the statement isn't going to go how they want it to. He tells them that he was not the one who shot Tezo. He repeatedly refuses to tell them which officer did pull the trigger, protecting brother-in-law Jimmy . Francis Sr., a long-time police veteran, is shown privileged testimony regarding Tezo's murder. He sees Jimmy's interview tape, in which Jimmy reluctantly tells the investigators that he witnessed Ray shoot Tezo. Francis Sr. and Ray speak, Francis Sr telling Ray to go along with it, hoping to protect the department. Ray refuses his father's command. Despite Francis Sr. wanting his children to go along with Jimmy's story, he finds that Francis Jr. intends to come clean, against his father's wishes. Two members of Jimmy's corrupt crew go to a liquor store, intending to quickly rob it, as they are out of cash and drugs, due to all of the heat on their division. It goes badly, with one of the two being killed, the other holding the store-owner hostage as both police and local gangsters looking on. Francis Jr. and Ray speak on the phone, they decide to split up to each situation. Francis Jr. goes to the liquor store to talk his officer out of holding the owner hostage, while Ray confronts Jimmy at their bar. Ray orders everyone out. After confronting Jimmy, Ray gets into a fight with him, and emerges victorious. With Francis Jr. successfully getting the officer to release his hostage and get in the cruiser, the two brothers diffused both situations. Tezo's cousin is among the people in the streets, everyone furious that Tezo was brutally tortured before dying, all the while the policemen are free. When Ray is walking a hand-cuffed Jimmy to his cruiser, the crowd surrounds them looking for vigilante justice. Jimmy asks Ray to give him his weapon back, Ray refuses. Jimmy, finally giving into his circumstances, allows himself to be beaten to death by Tezo's cousin, while the mob holds Ray back. Ray staggers away from the mob and his dead brother-in-law, to the diffused hostage scene at the liquor store. Francis Jr. and Ray get in a cruiser and drive off. The film ends with Ray, Francis Jr. and Francis Sr. about to give testimony, presumably the truth now that Jimmy is dead and Francis Jr.'s dept.'s corruption is obvious.