The film opens with a man leaving his Moscow apartment building. On his way out he notices strange activity in the basement, but ignores it. As he leaves the entire apartment building is destroyed in a explosion. 13 years later the German tabloid journalist Paul Jensen  arrives in Moscow to work on a magazine owned by his late father's friend Onjegin . One day while buying a sandwich Paul witness the costumer in front of him being assassinated on open street. Paul's photographer partner Dima  tells Paul that the victim was a famous journalist who's TV-show got canceled due to him being critical of the government. Paul meets up with the journalist Katja  in the lunchroom. Katja wants to publish an article about the assassinated journalist but Jensen's editor does not dare to. Paul suggest that Katja rewrite the article and that he then publishes it in the celebrity section on account of the journalist's fame. Paul and Katja meet up at a bar in the evening and Katja reveals that the journalist knew his father. Paul and Katja end up drunk and dances. The following day the two meet at a protest rally and Paul encounter Katja's brother Anatoli . Police arrive and declare the protest illegal and Paul and Katja leave. They retreat to Paul's apartment and end up making love. The next day Katja finds out about that Paul published the article without telling his editor. The editor tells Paul to never do anything like it again as they are now at risk at being shut down. Dima finds out about Paul's relationship with Katja and warns him to not have serious relationships with Russian women much to Paul's confusion. Paul later meets up with Katja at a party and she seems distracted and nervous. As they walk past a subwaystation a man approaches Paul for a lighter and Katja runs into the subway. Seconds later the subway is destroyed by a explosion that throws Paul through the air and knocks him unconscious. Paul wakes up at a hospital and is meet by police. He is told that a backpack he helped carry for Katja contained explosives and that Katja died in the explosion in the subway. Paul is charged for terrorism and is presented with evidence that he is unable to prove false. Onjegin is allowed to meet Paul and and tells him he will be sent to jail while waiting for his trial which is 7 months away. Paul is sent to the prison knows as "Little Chechenia" due to the large number of Chechen terrorists held captive there. Paul is attacked and beat up by a inmate but is saved by and taken under the wings of Aslan  who serves as the leader of the Chechenians. In a conversation Aslan tells Paul that he knew his father, Norbert Jensen . During the following days Aslan tells Paul about how Norbert interviewed him, how his and several of the terrorists in the prison lost their families in the invasion and how he became a terrorist. Aslan also teaches Paul about the relationship between oil, terrorism and money. One night Aslan is taken out and beaten by the guards. Aslan suspects a prison snitch is informing the prison commander . Aslan finds the snitch and Paul is forced to watch as the inmates kill him. Aslan is then taken away and murdered. Paul decides to sign a contract that will have him exiled to Germany in exchange for him declaring having been treated fairly by the authorities. Paul is driven away but when he realises he is not being taken to the airport he jumps out from the car and outruns his guards.