After the cannibals Three-Finger, Saw-Tooth and One-Eye escape through the Glensville Sanatorium, they return to their unmutated father Maynard , the old man from the first two films. The four are shown murdering a jogger from the nearby town and dragging her body back to their cabin. Meanwhile five friends, Billy , his girlfriend Cruz , Lita , her boyfriend Gus  and Julian  are on their way to the town to celebrate the Mountain Man Festival. Sheriff Angela Carter  stops them, suspecting they possess drugs. After being locked at the police station, Billy confesses to Sheriff Carter that he owns the drugs, so she frees Cruz, Lita, Gus and Julian, who check in to a hotel in town. Meanwhile the cannibals drive to the town, kill a guard at the power plant and shut off the town's electricity. On her way to visit Billy, Cruz encounters Three-Finger and is killed. Julian sees Lita and Gus making out, so he decides to give them some privacy and goes to visit Cruz and Billy. After he leaves, Gus and Lita are attacked by the cannibals, but both manage to escape separately. When Billy arrives at the sheriff's office, he finds out that Cruz never made it. Sheriff Carter sees a truck pull up and drop off a body. She grabs her gun and goes out to help Gus whom she sees outside, but he is killed, run over by the truck. Julian and Billy continue complaining about Cruz not being back. Still, she warns them not to go outside. The Sheriff releases Billy and the drunk in the other cell but keeps the old man  in. They all get handed rifles, except the old man, and suddenly the power turns off, the drunk man remembers that there is a generator in the store across from the police station and Sheriff Carter goes to get it. She gets on the radio and asks for help, but the person on the other end does not believe her and hangs up. She runs back to the police station, and when she arrives, Julian and Billy leave in search of Cruz, ignoring the sheriff's warnings. Terrified, Lita shows up at the police station. They tell Lita the situation, and Billy leaves with Julian. As they look for Cruz, they are attacked in the street and killed. The drunk man, now sober, prepares to take the sheriff's van to get help. As the sheriff and the drunk man talk, Maynard tries to convince Lita to let him out, saying she will be not killed. She does not listen, the drunk guy then gets the keys and leaves. He wrecks on the road, running into a barbed-wire trap planted by the cannibals. The store which houses the generator explodes, knocking Sheriff Carter unconscious. After finally being released by Lita, Maynard stabs her in the eyes with a letter opener. Carter wakes up and shoots Maynard. She takes both Lita and Maynard back inside. The cannibals knock Angela out when she leaves to get something. They all go inside and let Maynard out. He ties up Angela and tells her she can pick her death, by gunshot or fire. He ties up a shotgun, and tapes her up with duct tape over her mouth and around her waist, in such a way that if she puts her feet on the ground it will blow. He sets the building ablaze, and she puts her feet on the ground, shooting herself in the head. The cannibals and Maynard drive down the road to find Lita who is still alive, although still blind. They find her and put her in the car. After hearing the old man speak, Lita begins to scream, realizing it is the cannibals' truck. They drive off with her, and her fate remains unknown.