The film begins with Soap sitting at a table, loading the magazine of an M4A1, in the corner stands General Shepherd, asking him to "start from the beginning." It then cuts to the Karkonosze Mountains in Ukraine, where Soap, Price, Ghost, Roach, and other Task Force 141 members are seen walking through a dense forest. Delta Force operatives Sandman and Frost are up on a hillside aiming with a Barrett M82 at several Russian soldiers guarding a safehouse. After requesting permission to engage, Overlord gives them the go and the duo begin to eliminate the enemy soldiers. An AC-130 Spectre, callsign "Spectre 6-4," then fires at the incoming waves of enemy Russians in a large field outside a series of barracks. After Spectre 6-4 clears the way for the Task Force, Soap's team advances into the safehouse and kills all remaining Russians inside. Roach plants a breaching charge on a wall, with Ghost entering the room and killing the soldiers inside. The team enters the room, where they notice pictures of an airport  and Bravo Six team. Soap discovers that the picture of Bravo Six has several faces crossed out, implying that each team member has been killed. They then hear a C4 detonator beeping and escape just before the explosion can kill them. The Task Force runs for a V-22 Osprey for exfil, while Spectre 6-4 provides covering fire for their escape. However, enemy RPG fire destroys Spectre 6-4, leaving the Task Force to fend for themselves. Another RPG is fired and explodes near Soap, knocking him semi-conscious and spitting blood. Sandman and Roach then drag Soap to the Osprey while Frost covers the evacuating operatives. Price then tells them to leave without him while he provides covering fire; Soap, however, refuses to leave him behind. Overlord orders the Osprey pilot to take off immediately, but Sandman argues that they cannot leave Price behind. Price shouts for them to go. Price is then shot and falls backward, struggling to get back up. Price pulls out his M1911 and downs more Russian soldiers before being shot again and overwhelmed by more Russian troops.  The screen then fades to black and cuts to the present day, revealing the scars that Soap had suffered from the explosion. After demanding that Shepherd tells him who Kingfish is, Shepherd throws him a dossier with a picture of Vladimir Makarov, declaring "We'll get him." Soap then takes his combat knife and stabs the picture of Makarov, ending the video.