Fateh Singh ,a mad villager is crazy about marrying a Canadian girl to get the citizenship of Canada while on the other side Pooja  a classy modern girl wants to go to Canada to study fashion designing. They both first meet at the passport office where Fateh asks Pooja to fill his form because his hand was injured which he was pretending because of his lack of English. They both again meet at the airport while travelling to Canada. Pooja starts hating Fateh and Fateh starts hating Pooja and they always have fight due to this. Pooja looks for a nice accommodation where she finds a nice house and while getting money out of the ATM, she gets robbed by two thugs. Unfortunately, Pooja has to look for cheaper place where she meets Fateh again and has to share that apartment with him. A day arrives when Jenny a Canadian caucasian girl, arrives to the house where Pooja and Fateh are living as she is the step-daughter of the house owner. Pooja asks Fateh to propose Jenny and they both start making plans how to get Jenny for Fateh, but when fateh comes to know that Jenny is going to Africa for social service, he ditches her and poor Jenny is left heartbroken. The owner of the house throws both of them out and they work at two different Apna Chula restaurants that are run by wife and husband, who are not together now. Fateh and Pooja soon come to know that the Apna Chula is going to be re-possessed by the bank because of 6 unpaid property payments for the loan. Fateh and Pooja work out the process of re-joining the husband and wife together so that the loan could be paid off. Slowly, Fateh and Pooja start falling for each other but both of them don't want to admit it. Fateh realizes that he loves Pooja when Pooja's fiancé, Yuvraj comes to take Pooja with her to India for their marriage. Finally Fateh leaves for India with a hope to bring Pooja back to his life but after watching Pooja has been married he is left heart broken. After a while, he meets Yuvraj who tells him that Pooja is still single and Fateh runs to propose Pooja and they live happily ever after.