Taylor  argues with his girlfriend Jenny , before taking a hammer from his car and murdering her. He then wraps her body in a sheet, takes her upstairs, and hides her in his attic. He then phones Ray  and informs him of the crime. Referencing an earlier conversation in which a drunken Ray had suggested murdering Jenny, Taylor tries to convince him to help cover up the crime. Ray declines, leaving Taylor to deal with the consequences alone. He begins to clean the blood from the kitchen floor, and hears something moving in the attic. He goes to investigate, and hears Jenny screaming. Whilst investigating, he finds blood dripping from the loft hatch, and goes up to investigate, where he finds the body as he left it. As he climbs back down the ladder, he slips on the blood, and is knocked unconscious. On regaining consciousness, Taylor finds blood on his forehead, and looks up into the still-open attic, where he sees a hallucination of Jenny looking down at him. He goes to the bathroom and cleans the blood from his hands, head, and clothes, and finishes cleaning the kitchen. Terra , Jenny's friend, arrives, and finds that Jenny is missing. Taylor tells her that she has walked out, and left her phone. Fearing that Terra knows of the murder, he arms himself with a kitchen knife, but she leaves before he attacks her. Whilst disposing of the blood-stained towels used to clean the kitchen, Taylor takes a saw from his garage, and takes Jenny's body into the bathroom. Once he has put the body in the bath, Taylor closes Jenny's eyes, and prepares to cut her arm off. However, he is interrupted at the last moment by the shower curtain moving. He goes to investigate, and looks back to find Jenny's eyes now open again. The curtain moves again, and Taylor jumps back, hits the light switch, and falls to ground. The curtain is then pulled back, and a shadowed figure steps out from behind it. Taylor runs from the bathroom, and then the house. Whilst outside, a police car pulls up, and Taylor returns to the house. When Police Officer Diaz  knocks on the door, Taylor tries to stop her from entering the house. When she does, she begins to search the ground floor and, on finding nothing, goes to search upstairs. Taylor again attempts to convince her that there is no issue, and is forced to remain downstairs whilst Diaz searches the upper floor. Diaz does not enter the bathroom, and therefore does not discover Jenny's body, but Taylor stabs her in the neck as she turns to leave. The two struggle silently, with Taylor pushing Diaz's gun down into its holster to protect himself. He is interrupted by an apparition of Jenny standing at the door, giving Diaz time to draw her weapon and shoot him. The two separate, and fall against opposite sides of the room, where they sit against the walls, dying.