In the summer, Meribella, a magical kingdom, is going to have its five hundredth anniversary. Princess Tori and her younger sisters Meredith and Trevi are very busy, having to attend ceremonies and balls, and always be poised and proper. The princesses think it is hard work. Whenever they have the chance, they sneak away and play together. Before Meribella's five hundredth anniversary, the princesses have to greet royal visitors, who come to Meribella for the occasion. Tori wishes she could have an exciting, music-filled life like her favorite popstar, Keira. She wishes she could watch Keira performing near her palace. Keira, a world famous singer-songwriter, is on the guest list and is going to perform at the festival for the Meribella's five hundredth anniversary. Keira enjoys touring, greeting fans and having extravagant, spectacular concerts. However, it leaves her with no time to do what she was passionate about: writing songs. Keira thinks being a princess would be awesome. The next day, members of the royal court are invited to the palace in Meribella to meet the royal family. Duchess Amelia, Tori's aunt, forbids Tori to watch Keira's concert when she was supposed to be greeting guests. When Keira arrives to the palace for the festival, she meets Tori. They instantly become friends, and their pet dogs Vanessa and Riff,too. Tori gives Keira a tour of the palace and so they began joking about trading places. Keira tells Tori how she longs to be a princess and wear a tiara like her. Tori gives Keira her tiara to try it on. Keira takes out her magic microphone and magically turns her outfit into a gown. Tori then shows her magical brush to Keira. Tori uses her magic hairbrush, so she uses it to transform her hair into a different hairstyle. They then realize that they look just like each other. Tori convinces Keira to stay disguised as each other while Tori carries on giving Keira a tour of her palace. They enter a secret garden, where fairies tend the plants. There is a diamond gardenia flower, which were used to pay for school and other things. Tori tells Keira that the Diamond Gardenia roots spread through the entire kingdom. Without it, Meribella's plants would die. The Diamond Gardenia made the kingdom magical. Tori scoops up two diamonds underneath the Diamond Gardenia. The fairies put the diamonds on their necklaces, making the necklaces their friendship necklaces. Outside, Keira's manager Crider who Keira calls Seamore is tired of not being a star and comes to the palace to find valuables while getting a tour from Tori's aunt. Tori's aunt then notices that Tori has bought a stranger into the secret area. Keira's manager, secretly hearing this, makes a plan to steal the diamond plant. Tori and Keira head back to their rooms after Keira almost got into trouble. Tori and Keira realize they want to continue to be each other and agree to remain as each other for one more day. Tori teaches Keira how to be princess through a song and Keira teachs Tori how to be a popstar. Tori gives autographs to people and enjoys it, but later learns about a drought that she should have been aware about. Meanwhile, Keira learns to behave like a princess. Prince Liam starts to fall in love with Keira for who she is. Keira also learns a new song while playing with Tori's younger sisters. Later, Keira gets locked in by Tori's aunt because Tori didnt finish a writing a speech and tries to get out while Tori sings a song for the first time on stage. Later, Crider  and Rupert, uproot the Diamond Gardenia. The fairies try to stop them, but their efforts are not enough. Tori and Keira stop them, and discover it is always best to be yourself. After that, Crider flies with flying suit and attempts to fly away with the Gardenia, so Tori and Keira, using their magic microphone and brush, change his hairstyle and outfit. Crider then drops the Gardenia and it breaks into pieces. Tori and Keira take the diamonds off their friendship necklaces and plant a new Diamond Gardenia. They go back to the concert and they end the story with a song. They become best friends forever.