While working as a correspondent at the offices of the Northern Star newspaper, Kipling  is approached by a ragged, seemingly crazed derelict, who reveals himself to be his old acquaintance Peachy Carnehan . Peachy tells Kipling the story of how he and his comrade-in-arms Danny Dravot  travelled to remote Kafiristan , became gods, and ultimately lost everything. A few years earlier, the pair of rogues had met Kipling at his office. After signing a contract pledging mutual loyalty and forswearing drink and women until they achieved their grandiose aims, Peachy and Danny set off on an epic overland journey north beyond the Khyber Pass, "travelling by night and avoiding villages", fighting off bandits, blizzards, and avalanches, into the unknown land of Kafiristan . They chance upon a Gurkha soldier who goes by the name Billy Fish , the sole survivor of a mapping expedition several years earlier. Billy speaks English as well as the local tongue, and it is he, acting as translator and interpreter of the customs and manners, who smooths the path of Peachy and Danny as they begin their rise, first offering their services as military advisors, trainers, and war leaders to the chief of the much-raided village of Er-Heb. Peachy and Danny muster a force to attack the villagers' most-hated enemy, the Bashkai. In their first battle, the natives decide that Danny must be a god when he is unharmed after being struck in the chest by an arrow. In fact, the arrow was stopped by a bandolier hidden beneath his clothing. As victory follows victory, the defeated are recruited to join the swelling army. Finally, no one is left to stand in their way, and they are summoned to the holy city of Sikandergul, where the chief high priest, Kafu Selim, sets up a re-enactment of the arrow incident, in order to determine whether Danny is a man or a god by seeing whether or not he bleeds. When Danny flinches, the monks grab him and rip open his shirt, only to be stopped however, by Danny's Masonic Jewel . By coincidence, the symbol on the Jewel matches a hidden symbol, known only to the highest holy man, of "Sikander" , who had passed through the country thousands of years before and promised to return. The holy men are convinced Danny is the son of Sikander. They hail him as king and lead the two men down to storerooms heaped with treasure that belonged to Sikander, which now belongs to Danny. As the months pass, Peachy is anxious to leave with the treasure before winter closes the passes . Danny is against it, however, and develops delusions of grandeur. First, he suggests that Peachy bow to him like the others. Then he begins making plans to turn the land into a modern country, to the extent that he envisages eventually meeting Queen Victoria "as an equal". Disgusted, Peachy decides to take as much booty as he can carry on a small mule train, with his old friend's blessing. Meanwhile, Danny decides to take a wife after seeing the beautiful Roxanne , despite Peachy's strong warnings. Roxanne, having a superstitious fear that she will be struck dead if she consorts with a god, tries frantically to escape, biting Danny during the wedding ceremony. The bite draws blood, and when everyone sees it, they realise Danny is human after all. The angry natives pursue him and Peachy. Billy tries to buy time by courageously charging the mob singlehandedly with a kukri, but the pair are soon captured. Danny is forced to walk to the middle of a rope bridge over a deep gorge; he apologises to Peachy before the ropes are cut. Peachy is crucified between two pine trees, but is cut down the next day when he survives the ordeal. Eventually, he makes his way back to India, but his mind has become unhinged by his sufferings. As Peachy finishes his story, he presents Kipling with Danny's head, still wearing its crown, thereby proving the tale is true.