{{plot|date{{Nihongo}}{{Nihongo}}{{Nihongo}}{{Nihongo}}{{Nihongo}}{{Nihongo}} Keisuke is walking towards the haunted house. He hears voices and sees Hiromi backing away from the front door in fear and the door slams shut. Hiromi dashes off as Keisuke looks on in bewilderment. He enters the house and finds Kyoko lying motionless in the hallway. Keisuke takes Kyoko to the hospital, where she starts having labor pains. In the operating room, the monitors show that Kyoko is having low blood pressure and a low pulse, so the doctors predict a high chance of miscarriage. As they prepare to perform a Caesarean section, Kyoko experiences contractions and the baby starts coming out. At the same time, on the rooftop, Masashi, in a wheelchair, begins to have seizures. When the baby is finally born, the lights in the operating room start flashing erratically and the doctors and nurses seem to be taken aback by the sight of the infant. They all collapse to the ground in fear and start backing up against the walls. Kyoko wonders what is happening and glances down, only to see Toshio looking at the baby and excitedly calling out "Okaasan!"  Kyoko faints while the doctors and nurses die of shock. On the rooftop, Masashi's wheelchair is seen lying on its side, and his coat is lying on the pipe before the protective grille . Keisuke, who has been waiting outside the operating room, bursts in and sees the lights off. While approaching Kyoko, he trips and is horrified to see all the doctors and nurses dead. He hears a baby's wailing, which gradually turns into an eerie death rattle. He collapses to the floor and watches in terror as a full-grown Kayako, covered in blood, crawls out from Kyoko's womb and creeps towards him. When Kyoko regains consciousness in the operating room, she hears a baby's wailing and sees something covered in a blood-stained cloth on the floor. She gets up, picks up the baby and hugs her lovingly. Years later, a boy is crossing a bridge when he sees Kyoko and her daughter approaching from the other end. The girl's face is covered by her hair and she is holding Kayako's diary. As the boy passes them, he notices something strange about the girl and looks back when he reaches the other end. Just then a train passes under the bridge, and the girl drops the diary and lets go of her mother's hand to look at the train. When the girl runs back to her mother, Kyoko extends her hand for her daughter to hold, but instead, the girl pushes Kyoko down the steps. The boy is shocked and sees the girl glaring at him through her hair so he quickly dashes off. Kyoko is lying at the bottom of the steps, bleeding from the head. The girl walks down and takes the diary from her mother. Kyoko stretches her arm out, holding her scarf, smiling and gesturing to her daughter to embrace her. The girl continues staring at her mother. Kyoko finally weakens and dies. The girl walks away with the diary.