After her father suffers from a severe stroke, Seth  decides to bring him to Manang Elsa , a faith healer. Elsa performs the healing and prescribes herbal medicine. As Seth and her father are about to leave, a man who is in line to see Elsa faints and is immediately brought inside. Seth goes home, where her housemaid, Alma  is hosting a small party. Seth is invited, but is tired and decides to go to bed. As she heads for her room, a crow suddenly appears, surprising her, before it mysteriously vanishes. The following day, Seth is welcomed by her father who has now regained his strength, thanks to the healing. Everyone in town is astounded. Amazed by his grandfather's new found health, Jed , Seth's perturbed son, asks for help as his half-sister Cookie  is suffering from a renal disease called Glomerulonephritis and he would like to bring her to Manang Elsa. Seth refuses, because she does not want to be held accountable by her ex-husband and his wife in case anything goes wrong. But as Jed pleads, Seth eventually agrees to give them the address, on the condition that they do not tell anyone that she gave the. When Seth arrives home, a party is going on. She's extremely disappointed to see that her father has gone back to his old drinking habits. Seth then finds out what the visitors want: they also want to be healed. Ding , a policeman, is suffering from a skin disease called psoriasis. Alma reveals a growth on her foot which has prevented her from migrating to Dubai. Chona , a neighbor, has a goiter. Greta , another neighbor, has a lump in her breast and Cacai , a young blind girl. The group goes to see Manang Elsa, but Melchor , her assistant and brother, informs them that Manang Elsa is sick and refuses to see anyone. But due to Seth's pleas, Manang Elsa eventually cures all of them. On the way home, Seth crosses paths with Jed and Cookie, who is now secretly going to the faith healer. The following day, everyone except Cookie is healed. She is taken to a hospital due to a high fever. Seth is then confronted by her ex-husband and grows angry. Days pass and Cookie is finally healed. Seth then starts to notice the behavioral changes of those who have been healed, noticing that they have become passive and quiet. One night, everyone is terrified after Chona, the woman who had Goiter, is found dead, after slashing her own neck with a shard of broken glass. At the funeral, Chona's husband Rex  tells Seth that Chona had seen a crow in her dreams before she died. The batch of people who were healed speak out about having had the same dream. As time passes, the batch of people who were healed become hysterical and angry. After a blackout, Seth is visited by an entity in the form of Greta, who stretches her neck towards her back. Disturbed, Seth follows her. While the real Greta is smoking, the entity who has her image possesses her. She then proceeds to kill her husband Ruben  by decapitating him with a machete and then commits suicide by hanging herself. Later on, Seth sees Ding's doppelganter walk past her and calls Ding to warn him. The real Ding is on a raid, and once possessed by his doppelganger, begins to shoot everyone. The police are then forced to shoot him dead.A shadowy figure who is behind in the prison bars raising hands to a mysterious light. Meanwhile, Alma panics, knowing that she is next. After the horrifying events surrounding Greta and Ding, Seth is confused as to why her father has not suffered the same fate. She asks him if had seen a crow in his dreams, but to no avail. Seth, along with Cacai's mother, Cita  decides to confront Manang Elsa about the chain of deaths, only to be informed by Melchor, that she had been killed by Dario, the man who much earlier, was thought to have only fainted but who had actually died from a heart attack. Melchor reveals that Manang Elsa unknowingly "cured" the dead, and now the life that was used to resuscitate him will cost the lives of the people that Manang Elsa "cured" after him. Melchor tells her that the best way to destroy the curse is to kill Dario. Seth sets out to warn the others. While stuck in traffic, she sees Alma's doppelganger walk down the street towards Alma's dormitory. Seth calls Alma to warn her that her doppelganger is on its way to possess her. When Alma refuses to believe her, Seth sneaks into her apartment to find her but is too late. Alma, who has already been possessed by her doppelganger, murders her dorm mates and sets herself on fire. Afraid for her daughter's life, Cita brings Cacai to a Chinese temple to be guarded by their relative monks. Inevitably, Seth sees Cacai's image and warns Cita. However, Cita is distracted by a dragon dance, and loses Cacai who is then controlled by her doppelganger. Cacai massacres the praying monks and kills herself by getting impaled on a flagpole, much to Cita's misery. Seth is haunted by the spirits of the fallen, who blame her for their deaths because Seth is the key to the healer. Now, only one is left: Cookie. Determined to save her, Seth and Jed  takes Cookie to a secluded house and installs CCTV cameras to monitor her. To end the curse, Seth goes to jail to see Dario  and bring him food that she has poisoned. Dario reveals to her that he is no longer Dario but a different entity. He warns her that those who have been cured by Manang Elsa will be Possessed by their own alter-egos and their souls shall be offered to him. He then tells her that the best way to end the bloodshed and the continuous spread of the curse is to kill him. Seth discards the plan of poisoning him as she cannot kill anyone. When she returns to the safehouse where Cookie is hiding, she sees the evil image of Cookie who has yet to possess the real one, and manages to get rid of her. Thinking that she has killed Cookie's doppelganger, Seth lets Cookie back into her house. But Cookie sees her doppelganger again, which chases her and possesses her. The possessed Cookie appears at Seth's house and attacks her with a knife. As she is about to get stabbed to death, Jed arrives and stops Cookie. As the fight goes on, Cookie's doppelganger creates another doppelganger in Jed's image who then tries to stab Seth. Dario, who is behind bars, is anticipating the new life that will be transported to him. Melchor shows up at the prison and shoots him dead. The doppelgangers vanish. Melchor is pinned down by officers. Seth and Jed shake the unconscious Cookie, who then wakes up for one final scare.