= German ski instructor Christian Diestl is hopeful that Adolf Hitler will bring new prosperity to Germany, so when war breaks out he joins the army as a lieutenant. Dissatisfied with police duty in Paris, he requests to be transferred and is assigned to the front in North Africa. He sees what the war has done to his captain  and the captain's wife , and he is sickened by their behavior. Michael Whiteacre and Noah Ackerman befriend each other during their U.S. Army draft physical examination and attend basic training together. They are then stationed in London. Michael is in show business and romantically involved with socialite Margaret Freemantle  who, coincidentally, in 1938 dated Christian in the Bavarian Alps when she went on a skiing vacation. She was upset by his Nazi beliefs and deserted him on New Year's Eve to return to Michael. Noah, who is Jewish and works as a lowly department store clerk, attends a party Michael throws, where he meets Hope Plowman. She falls in love with him and introduces her fiancé to her provincial father, who doesn't like Jews but has never met one. After a chat with Noah, the father approves of the marriage. In the service, a commanding officer and some of the tough guys in his company try to bully Noah and demonstrate their bigotry. Noah gains the respect of the enlisted men by standing up to them in a series of fist fights, even though he's much smaller and is badly hurt. Each of these soldiers come to view the war differently. Christian is conflicted, hating what the war has done to his fellow Germans but unable to escape from his role in it. He despises what his fellow soldiers have done in the name of the Fatherland but is determined to fulfill his duty to the end. Michael spends most of the war in a comfortable job, nowhere near any fighting, thanks to his Broadway fame. He finally decides to join the fight after Margaret shames him into it. By pulling strings, he rejoins his old outfit on the front in the war's final days, almost too late to matter. Noah simply does his duty to the best of his ability, hoping to live through the horrors of war and get home safely to his wife and their new baby. He has a heroic moment where he risks his own life to save a fellow soldier, one who was especially prejudiced against him in boot camp. He then helps liberate a concentration camp full of Jews and comes face-to-face with the German result of virulent anti-Semitism. The war is all but over as Christian finds himself alone in a remote setting. Michael and Noah happen along at the same time, and the momentary confrontation between them typifies the madness and futility of war.