Max, a lonely 8-year-old boy WBshop.com - The Official Online Store of Warner Bros. Studios with an active imagination whose parents are divorced, wears a wolf costume and chases his dog. His older sister Claire does nothing when her friends crush Max's snow fort  during a snowball fight. Out of frustration, Max messes up her bedroom and destroys a frame that he had made for her. Max's teacher teaches him and his classmates about the eventual death of the sun. His mother Connie invites her boyfriend Adrian to dinner. Max becomes upset with his mother for not coming to the fort he made in his room. He wears his wolf costume, acts like an animal, and demands to be fed. When his mother gets upset, he throws a tantrum and bites her on the shoulder. She yells at him and he runs away, scared by what transpired. At the edge of a pond Max finds a small boat that he boards. The pond becomes an ocean. Max reaches an island. Still in his wolf costume, he stumbles upon a group of seven large, monstrous creatures. One of them, Carol, is in the middle of a destructive tantrum caused by a female wild thing named K.W. leaving while the others attempt to stop him. As Carol wreaks havoc Max tries to join the mayhem, but soon finds himself facing the suspicious anger of the Wild Things. When they contemplate eating him, Max convinces them that he is a King with magical powers capable of bringing harmony to the group. They crown him as their King. Shortly after, K.W. returns and Max declares a wild rumpus, in which the Wild Things smash trees and tackle each other. The Wild Things introduce themselves as Carol, Ira, Judith, Alexander, Douglas, The Bull, and K.W. where they end up piling on one another before going to sleep, with Max at the center. Carol takes Max on a tour of the island, showing him a model he built depicting what he wishes the island looked like. Inspired by this, Max orders the construction of an enormous fort, with Carol in charge of construction. As Max bonds with Carol, K.W. brings her two owl friends Bob and Terry to the fort. A disagreement ensues as Carol feels the togetherness of their group is threatened by the outsiders. To release their frustrations, Max divides the tribe into "good guys" and "bad guys" for a dirt-ball fight, but Alexander is hurt during the game. Tension mounts between the Wild Things as it becomes obvious Max favors some of the Wild Things over others. After an argument between K.W. and Carol, K.W. leaves. Max finds Alexander alone in the fort and has a conversation with him. Alexander reveals that he always suspected that Max is not a King with magical powers, but warns him to never let Carol know. Max's secret is exposed when Carol throws another tantrum and Douglas tries to make him accept the fact that Max was never a King. Carol becomes enraged and ends up ripping off Douglas' right arm . Then he chases Max into the forest and threatens to eat him. Max is saved by K.W., who hides him in her stomach. Carol and K.W. have an argument over Carol's misbehavior. After Carol leaves, K.W. explains that their lives are difficult, with Carol's tantrums making things worse. Max realizes what his mother is going through and decides to leave the island to head home. Max finds the crushed remains of Carol's model island and leaves a token of affection for him to find . He finds Carol and tells him he is going home because he is not a King. The other Wild Things escort Max to his boat. Carol runs to join them after finding Max's token and arrives in time to see him off. He starts to howl and Max howls back, then all the other Wild Things join in. Carol looks at K.W. and she smiles kindly at him. Returning home, Max is embraced by his distraught mother, who gives him a bowl of hot soup, a glass of milk and a piece of cake and sits with him as he eats. He watches as she falls asleep.