High school senior Nick Powell  plans to skip his graduation and fly to London for a writing program, despite the plans his controlling mother, Diane , has for him. While he is a top performer in school and cares deeply for creative writing, his mother often pressures him to succeed past his abilities and remains emotionally distant. A few years prior, Nick's father died unexpectedly and the two have maintained a strained relationship in silence. Nick's best friend, Pete Egan , confides in him that he is bullied by Annie Newton , a troubled teen. Nick attempts to step in on one such occasion, only for it to escalate into a physical confrontation. Annie's closest friends are a few violent thieves, and her boyfriend, Marcus , is on parole for similar violations. Later in the day, Nick tells Pete about his plans to leave for London and the writing program there, and they share a bitter-sweet goodbye. The same evening, Annie impulsively decides to rob a jewellery store across the street from where Marcus is stealing a car. Marcus reprimands her, and later tries to take the jewels for himself, but Annie keeps them and defiantly pushes him to try and stop her. Believing Annie to be out of control, Marcus tips off the cops. Annie is arrested and assumes that Pete is responsible because he saw her load the merchandise into her locker at school. She later attempts to beat a confession out of Pete. When Annie doesn't believe his innocence, Pete reluctantly gives up Nick's name in order to stop his beating, thinking that Nick will be on a plane to London already. He does not know that Nick's flight schedule had changed and that he gave his ticket to a girl at a party, deciding last minute not to go. Annie and her crew find Nick walking home from a party. They run him off the road and beat him mercilessly. Annie goes too far, and believes she killed Nick. They dump his body in a nearby sewer. The next morning Nick goes to school to find that no one can see or hear him. He returns to his home to find his mother making a missing person report with the police. After a while, Nick thinks that maybe he may be alive but unconscious. As Nick comes to realize that he's having an out-of-body experience, he attempts to reach out to Annie and Pete in a desperate bid to save his life. He follows Annie in his new state of near death willing her to tell the police where his body is as she does not know he is still alive. Detective Larson seems close to putting together the whole truth, and implies that once he finds Annie he will be able to put the robberies and murder on Marcus. Since Marcus is still on parole, Detective Larson adds the pressure that even associating or participating in a felony could send him back to prison. Marcus decides to get involved, so he kidnaps Pete and forces him to lead him to Nick's body so they can move it together to another location. He then conspires to kill Annie and arranges to meet with her. Annie calls Pete to the meeting place also, who is under surveillance by the police. As Annie flees from both Marcus and the police, Nick yells at her and for the first time she turns back and responds. The two cannot hold a conversation, and Annie cannot see Nick, but she hears some of his voice in her head and has the sense that his presence is following her around. From this association, Annie begins to feel the effects of her actions on her conscience, and stops to visit Nick's room to get a better sense of who he is. The two realize the tragedy of their lives was that they were so similar that given different choices and events, the two could have been close. Diane catches Annie in his room, and she flees. She returns to the woods to find Nick's body, only to see that it has been moved. She confronts Pete, and then Marcus trying to learn the location of the body. Marcus tells her, but shoots her in the belly as she leaves. She shoots Marcus in return, then calls the police to tell them where to find Nick. Nick is saved just in time, but Annie succumbs to her wound after visiting him in the hospital.  In the Swedish film "Den Osynlige", of which The Invisible is a remake, "Niklas"  does not regain consciousness, and "Annelie"  does not end up being shot nor does she die, but instead turns herself in after her confession and apology. Also, in the original, Pete dies after his suicide attempt. Neither version is true to the novel where the "Annie" character is a neo-nazi. She never regrets anything in the novel and is not displayed in a sympathetic light. Also, in the novel, all the teens are 14-15, "Nick's" girlfriend is pregnant, and "Nick's" mother is not excessively controlling.