Tom Logan  is an Assistant District Attorney in the New York City District Attorney's Office, who is on his way to becoming the new District Attorney. Into his life enters Laura Kelly , an attorney who is representing Chelsea Deardon . Chelsea is accused of stealing a painting from an art dealer, Victor Taft . However, Chelsea claims that the painting is actually hers, as her father made it for her and signed it to her on her 8th birthday 18 years ago - the same day that her father and most of his paintings went up in smoke in a mysterious fire. Kelly eventually manages to talk Logan into helping them . However, things turn even more mysterious when Taft suddenly drops all charges against Chelsea and a police detective, Cavanaugh , comes up with proof that the paintings that supposedly were lost in the fire—which were worth millions in insurance—are still in existence. Chelsea also continues coming on to Logan, coming to his apartment being fearful of someone following her. When Logan goes to investigate, he is shot at. Logan agrees to continue trying to protect Chelsea while Kelly continues her investigation into the paintings. After an attempt by Taft to blow up a warehouse with incriminating information—which almost blows Logan and Kelly up as well—Logan and Kelly find evidence of a massive insurance fraud between Taft, Deardon and a third man who was sent to prison. Logan and Kelly go to Taft's apartment and find him murdered and Chelsea hiding in Taft's apartment. When Logan is caught in bed with Chelsea after her being accused of Taft's murder, Logan's career as an Assistant District Attorney is finished. Logan reluctantly teams up with Kelly, which is also encouraged by Logan's daughter, who thinks the two make a good couple. Realizing that a sculpture Taft claimed to them was priceless but told Chelsea was worthless, Logan goes to find Cavanaugh while Kelly and Chelsea go to an exposition in honor of Taft to find the sculpture. There, the person they thought was Cavanaugh reveals himself as Joe Brock, the third person who was locked up. Brock forces Kelly and Chelsea to break open the hollow sculpture, grabs the painting inside and cuffs them to a table. He then sets fire to another part of the gallery, forcing an evacuation. Logan, having realized that Cavanaugh was not who he thought he was, races to the gallery. Logan and Brock fight, with Brock eventually falling to his death. Logan finds Kelly and Chelsea, grabs the painting and the three escape from the burning gallery, where Chelsea tearfully reveals the signature "To Chelsea" on the back of the painting. After all charges are dropped against Chelsea, Logan's former boss offers to take him back, based on Logan's publicity. Logan, however, decides to stay with Kelly, and the two set up an office together.  Legal Eagles has several different endings. The film opened to mediocre reviews in theaters and by the time it reached television, defendant Chelsea Deardon, had gone from innocent to guilty. The alternate endings include her guilty of one murder, innocent, and then guilty of a different murder.