When word reaches Jackie O'Shea  and Michael O'Sullivan ([[David Kelly , two elderly best friends, that someone in their tiny Irish village of 52 people in Tulaigh Mhór  has won the Irish National Lottery's Lotto game, they, along with Jackie's wife Annie , go to great lengths to find the winner so they can share the wealth. After a chicken-dinner plot to narrow down their list of suspects, they pay a midnight visit to the only absentee: the reclusive Ned Devine . They find Ned in his home, still holding the ticket in his hand, a smile on his face and dead of shock. Jackie is later convinced by a dream that the deceased Ned wants to share the winnings with his friends, as he has no family to claim the ticket. Elsewhere in the village, Maggie O'Toole  continues to spurn the romantic interests of her old flame, "Pig" Finn , a local pig farmer. Finn is convinced they belong together, as he thinks he is the father of her son Maurice, but she cannot abide him due to his ever present odour of pigs. After discovering that the lottery winnings are far greater than anticipated , Jackie and Michael are forced to involve the entire village in fooling the claim inspector. All but one of the villagers enter a pact to pretend that Ned is alive and well, by having Michael pose as him, even to the point of pretending Ned's funeral is a service for Michael when the claim inspector wanders into the church. However, the local curmudgeon, Lizzie Quinn , decides not to enter the pact and plans to report the fraud, thus receiving ten percent of the lottery share. As the villagers celebrate their winnings at the local pub, she attempts to phone the lottery office from a phone box outside the village. Before she can deliver her message, though, the departing claim inspector loses control of his car, forcing an oncoming van to crash into the phone box, sending it plummeting off a tall cliff and crashing to the ground below with Quinn still inside. At the celebration, Jackie spots Maggie, who is content that Finn is going to give up pig farming to marry her now that he can afford to. Jackie approves, adding that Maurice needs a father in his life. "More than seven million pounds?" she asks, nodding to her son. She then reveals that Maurice is related to Ned, but does not reveal how, stating, "Ned does have a family, Jackie".{{cite web}} Jackie urges her to claim the entire fortune, but Maggie is sure that Maurice needs a father more and the villagers need the money. The film closes with Jackie, Michael, and several others standing on a hill and raising their glasses to Ned, toasting him for his gift to the village.