Mun-su  and Na Young-ju  are classmates in a private English class. Mun-su frequently chases women while working in his shoe shop. However, Young-ju has an unreciprocated interest in him. They eventually became friends, and frequently sit together in class. One day, Young-ju boasts about a pig in her grandparents' farm who can recognize the English alphabet. The class decide to visit the pig, only to discover it had been eaten the same day . Young-ju tries to train a piglet to recognize the alphabet; when her efforts are discovered by Mun-su, he helps. However, the pig escapes, and has to be recaptured. The class and Young-ju's family have a party that night.  Returning on the bus, Young-ju catches Mun-su showing a photo of a woman whom she mistakenly believes is his girlfriend. A depressed Young-ju skips classes. Her teacher, an Australian woman, tries to convince her to come back. Young-ju attends a farewell party for the class, but Mun-su is absent. Afterwards she meets Mun-su's mother, who is looking for him. She discovers that his mother is about to meet the girl in the photo. The girl, known as Victoria or Mun-young, speaks no Korean and needs Young-ju to translate. As Mun-su's mother, wearing a hanbok, talks, Young Ju, who thinks Victoria is her rival, purposefully translates incorrectly and says, "You looked more beautiful in the photo." Victoria is astonished. Young-ju tells Victoria that everybody hates her because she is not Korean. Victoria asks her to tell Mun-su's mother that she came with good intentions and leaves. Mun-su arrives to find his mother weeping. Young-ju hides. Victoria has checked out of the hotel, but Young-ju stops her car, and admits that she lied. Victoria hugs Mun-su and his mother. Young-ju boards a train, but Mun-su leaves his family to follow her. She tries to hide from him, but he loudly confesses that Victoria is not his girlfriend, but his long-lost sister from New York. Mun-su finds Young-ju, and they kiss, and the entire train cheers. They marry and have a baby.