July 16, 1988 a night train  to Yeosu leaves Seoul station and crashes killing 250 people. Exactly ten years later to the day a train is running the same line for the last time. But it has incorporated some of the coaches from the old crashed train. A stewardess  named OH Mi-sun has just started the job and switched shifts with another woman to take that train. Her father was a guard who died on the crashed train ten years ago and some blamed him for it. She is the main character in this film and like another young woman  on the train, she has psychic powers  so gets glimpses of "the dead" from the earlier train crash who now ride the train with them. Unsettling incidents start to occur and two young women are murdered by supernatural means. More sightings of the dead occur including a young girl who leaves the train at one of the stations. With two dead bodies the train is supposed to stop at a station for the police but it goes through the station because of a crazy young couple who are intent on crashing the train. They were tiny children  in the first train crash with their parents. Increasingly strange incidents occur as the lights go out in some carriages and the carriages suddenly look old and in another, lights shatter and glass falls on the passengers. The passengers do not know where to go to escape the coming crash since the back of the train is no longer safe. The stewardess who was previously stabbed in the shoulder by the male of the crazy pair tries to stop them from crashing the train. She has gained knowledge from contact with a dead form which rose from a black puddle in one of the carriages and tells them that they are both dead, and that they now inhabit the bodies of other people. Also that their father wanted to kill his wife and children on that train ten years ago but accidentally spilled the poison he was going to use so got into the driver's cabin and put the train on a collision course with another train, so causing the terrible wreck of a decade ago. In anger the man smashes her head hard four times against the window causing her to collapse with bleeding to the head but he knows it is true as his sister regresses to a little girl again. Mi-sun's  father comes into the driver's cabin and pilots the train harmlessly through the train that it was on a collision with and the crazy man reverts to a scared child comforting his sister. As the trains, natural and supernatural begin to part, things start getting back to normal on the train with the ghosts disassembling, the old carriages becoming normal again and the human passengers start coming out of hiding. Mi-sun's father comforts her as she dies from her injuries. The train is finally stopped and it is daylight and the bewildered people get off. The scene changes to night again and the train for Yeosu arrives in Seoul station for its last run. We see Mi-sun on the platform, and she is again a stewardess on this train on its unnatural journey. The white end titles are rolled up against a night background that a driver would see from the cabin of the train.