The year is 1980, and the film opens with the launch of the JX-1 Hayabusa spaceship into outer space. The ship, originally sent to collect data on Saturn, has its course diverted to investigate the mysterious star Gorath, reported as being 6000 times the size of the Earth. It is feared that the star's path could come dangerously close to Earth. The JX-1 reaches locates Gorath and it's much smaller than earth but with 6000 times the gravity. The JX-1 radio's back any data about the star but gets sucked into the star's gravitational field which drags the ship into Gorath, incinerating it. Japan and the rest of the world are stunned by the discovery and, after some reluctance, send up the JX-2 Ootori spaceship for a voyage to investigate Gorath. The United Nations band together to discover a solution to the problem, and decide that their only solutions are to either destroy Gorath or move the planet out of the way. Back on Earth, the UN decides on the plan to move the Earth out of the way of Gorath, the South Pole Operation. The plan is to have atomic energy channeled through huge atomic furnaces 500 meters below the surface, then fed though enormous pipes called thrusters which will all fire in unison. But for this to work they will need an area 600 kilometers producing an atomic force equal to that of 6,600,000,000 megatons to move the Earth 400,000 kilometers way from Gorath. This massive project meets some setbacks such as cave-ins, but presses on. The JX-2 Ootari arrives near the vicinity of Gorath, though this time the spaceship brakes well out-of range of the star's gravitational pull. A mini-rocket is dispatched from the JX-2 to study Gorath. Meteors damage the engine, but it gets back to the JX-2 and return to earth. The atomic engines are completed and fired up, moving the earth out of the way of Gorath. But the heat from the engines awakens and frees a giant monster walrus, called Maguma, that attacks the South Pole base. It is eventually killed by lasers from a VTOL jet. Gorath is now close enough to be seen by the naked eye. Clouds in the atmosphere react as they are drown toward the star. The Moon, the Earth's lone satellite, is destroyed. Sea levels begin to rise causing a tsunami that reaches the outskirts of Tokyo. However, the operation of moving out of the way of Gorath's path is a success and the Earth is saved.