Donnelly's  wife has just died in an accident and he goes home on a train afterwards. There he finds a seat by a kid and the two strike a conversation. The young man is unusually talkative, constantly going on random but amusing tirades. When Donnelly gets up, the kid starts to talk to a young couple, whose young baby boy has just died from cot death. The kid upsets the two by saying they probably did it and the husband leaves to complain about him to Donnelly. Meanwhile the kid starts talking to the wife and upsetting her, and when she moves to get away she accidentally rips the picture of the baby, which seems to drive her over the edge and she jumps from the train to her death. Donnelly comes back and the kid tells him that she just jumped. The husband comes back and asks the kid where his wife is.The kid tells him that his wife jumped off the train. Thinking that the kid was joking, the man walks off still looking for his wife. Donnelly sees the blood on the train window and stops the train. The train is stopped and the man learns the horrible truth. When the police have finished searching, the train starts again, and the kid waves at the cops who then come to a realisation and start to chase the train. The kid then tells Donnelly a story about how when he was a kid, he saw an exploding cow. It cheers up Donnelly, who takes a liking to the kid. Finally the train stops, and the cops are armed aiming at the train. It is revealed to the viewer that the kid is responsible for the death of his mother. A shootout between the kid and the cops ensues. The kid is shot multiple times and falls, telling Donnelly that with all those bullets he didn't even hit one policeman . The kid dies and Donnelly takes one of the kid's two guns  and goes home. Later at his home, Donnelly is ready to commit suicide . Just when he is about to shoot himself, he remembers his wife's rabbit and kills it for the mercy of not being alone. Donnelly is then about to kill himself, the gun drops and discharges, leaving Donnelly with no bullets. Donnelly appears annoyed and frustrated and sits staring in front of him, saying aloud to himself, "Jesus, what a fuckin' day."