 The HMS Bounty leaves England in 1787 on a two-year voyage into the Pacific Ocean. The ship's captain, William Bligh  is a brutal tyrant who routinely administers harsh punishment to the officers and crew alike that either lack discipline, cause any infraction on board the ship or defy his authority. Fletcher Christian , the ship's lieutenant, is a formidable, yet compassionate man who disapproves of Bligh's treatment of the crew. Roger Byam  is an idealistic midshipman, who is divided between his loyalty to Bligh, due to his family's Naval tradition, and his friendship to Christian. During the voyage, the enmity between Christian and Bligh grows after Christian openly challenges Bligh's unjust practices aboard the ship. When the ship arrives on the island of Tahiti, where the crew acquire breadfruit plant to take home, Bligh punishes Christian by refusing to let him leave the ship during their stay. Byam, meanwhile, sets up residency on the island, living with the island Chief, Hitihiti , and his daughter, Tehanni , and translating an English dictionary of the Tahitian language. Hitihiti persuades Bligh to allow Christian a day pass on the island. Bligh agrees but quickly repeals the pass out of spite. Christian disregards the order and spends his one day off the ship romancing a local Tahitian girl named Miamiti . Christian promises her he will be back someday. After leaving Tahiti, the crew begin to talk of mutinty after Bligh's harsh discipline leads to the death of the ship's beloved surgeon, Mr Bacchus  and he cuts water rationing to the crew in favor of providing water for the acquired breadfruit plants. Christian, although initially opposing the idea, decides he can no longer tolerate Bligh's brutality when he witnesses crew members shackled in iron chains, and approves the mutiny. The crew raid the weapons cabinet and seize the ship. Bligh and his loyalists are cast into a boat and set adrift at sea with a map and rations to ensure their survival. Due to Bligh's steady leadership, they are able to find their way back to land. Meanwhile, Christian orders the HMS Bounty return to Tahiti. Byam, who was in his cabin during the mutiny, disapproves of what Christian has done and decides the two can no longer be friends. Months later, Byam is married to Tehanni, Christian has married Miamiti and has a child with her, while the rest of the crew are enjoying their freedom on the island. After a long estrangement, Byam and Christian reconcile their friendship. However, when the British ship, HMS Pandora, is spotted approaching, Byam and Christian decide they must part ways. Byam and several crew members remain on the island for the ship to take them back to England while Christian leads the remaining crew, his wife, and several Tahiti men and women, back on board the Bounty in search of a new island to seek refuge on. Byam boards the Pandora and, much to his surprise, discovers that Bligh is the captain. Bligh, who suspects Byam was complicit in the mutiny, has him imprisoned for the remainder of the journey across the sea. Back in England, Byam is court-martialed and found guilty of mutiny. Before the court condemns him, Byam speaks of Bligh's cruel, dehumanising conduct abord the Bounty. Due to the intervention of his friend, Sir Joseph Banks  and Lord Hood , Byam is pardoned by the court and allowed to resume his Naval career at sea. Meanwhile, Christian has found Pitcairn, an unihabitated yet sustainable island, which he believes will provide adequate refuge from the reach of the British Empire. The Bounty crashes on the rocks and Christian orders it to be burned.