Young-eon , the top singer at an all-girls school, is murdered by a music sheet cutting her throat in the opening scene. The day following her death nobody can see or hear her except her friend Sun-min  who hears her. After Young-eon convinces Sun-min that it is her voice that can be heard the two attempt to find out what happened to Young-eon. Sun-min begins speculating that the music teacher must have killed Young-eon. The mystery behind her death is slowly unraveled as Young-eon has more and more flash backs to her life before her death. Seon-Min befriends a lonely and strange girl at school named Choh-Ah, who can hear the voices of the dead, and she helps the two solve the incident. Soon after we find out the music teacher kills herself. Sun-Min begins to have trouble believing what Young-eon says after Choh-Ah tells her that ghosts only remember what they want to, revealing that Young-Eon's memory may be incorrect. There seems to be another ghost that is haunting the school, one that the two friends suspect, must be Young-eon's murderer. Later, Young-eon's body is found in the elevator, the same elevator that a previous student died in. We learn that Young-eon was alive all this time in a sleeping state but dies when a student accidentally drops a cart down the elevator shaft onto Young-eon's neck. Young-eon is running out of time to discover who the other ghost is, if her friend forgets about her then she will lose her voice. Some of the flashbacks include her mother, who is shown to be in a hospital. In one flashback, she talks to her mother about how as soon as she is old enough she will learn to drive. Another features how her mother committed suicide by jumping off the top of the hospital. In the end it is revealed that Young-eon had driven her mother to kill herself. It also shows that Young-eon might have a multiple personality disorder created from her mother's sickness. We also see Young-eon bringing tears to her music teacher's eyes by asking her to sing and leads to the teacher wanting to kill herself. We are also revealed that Young-eon has been hearing the ghost  the whole time as well as the teacher and Young-eon wanted the teacher dead to rid of Hyo-Jung's voice. Hyo-Jung we find out is a student who was also the top singer at one point in the school. She fell in love with the music teacher. Hyo-Jung has the same voice as Young-eon and they both are recorded in the song. We come to the conclusion Hyo-Jung shot the music sheet at Young-eon throat in the beginning scene out of anger for losing her voice. Seon-Min thinks Young-eon should move on and pass over and this angers Young-eon since she wants nothing more than to live again. Not long after, Young-eon kills Choh-ah and takes over Seon-min's body. The last scene is of Young-eon in Seon-min's body talking to her reflection at her locker then walking alongside Seon-min's mother, talking of how as soon as she is old enough she will learn to drive. In the very end of the movie  we can see Cho-ah shouting but voiceless.