Ronald Miller  is a typical high school nerd living in Arizona. He has spent all summer mowing lawns to save up for a telescope. However, at an opportune moment he makes a deal with popular cheerleader Cynthia "Cindy" Mancini  to "rent" her for $1,000. She agrees so that she can afford to replace a suede outfit that Quint , a baseball jock, spilled red wine on at a party. It belonged to her mother and she hadn't received permission to borrow it. Having few options except telling her mom the truth, she reluctantly agrees to help him look "cool" by pretending to be his girlfriend for a month even though she already has a boyfriend named Bobby who is away at college. Both agree never to reveal the pact. Ronald then trades his nerdy-but-loyal friends for the shallow popular students and undergoes a complete clothing and hair makeover at Cindy's direction. Over the month the two discover each others individuality and are drawn closely together. Cindy soon starts to genuinely like Ronald. She opens up to him as he washes her car at her house, she goes inside to get a poem that she'd written that meant the world to her and lets him read it. She gets to know him better as he opens up to her with his beliefs about astronomy and space travel; as they gaze at the moon he tells her how when they are their parents age "people will be working there and living there... maybe even us". On the last date which Ronald has 'paid' for Cindy then hints that she'd like to kiss Ronald, signifying that she has real feelings for him, but he misunderstands and assumes she wants to talk about their breakup. They dramatically "break up" in front of a crowd at school but Ronald takes things too far and says some hurtful things about Cindy in front of their friends. She becomes cool and distant but warns him that popularity is hard work and he needs to make sure he "stays self". The next day, Cindy appears disgusted with Ronald when she sees him behaving arrogantly at school and becomes jealous when she sees him flirting with her best friends Barbara and Patty, who he later takes out on dates. Ronald continues playing "cool" by hanging out with the jocks and hot chicks. He takes Barbara to a dance at school, where he performs a dance he learned from the African Culture channel on television which he mistakenly believed to be American Bandstand. At first the other kids are mystified but they soon join in and Ronald's new 'trendy' dancing makes him the most popular guy in school. At Halloween he and the other jocks drive to the house of one of his nerd friends, and the jocks test his loyalty by making him throw a bag of dog poop at the house as is their Halloween 'tradition'. But Ronald's friend is lying in wait and catches Ronald; he lets him go before his dad can call the police but the next day at school he ignores him. At a New Year's Eve party Ronald gets pretty drunk, goes into the bathroom with a girl and has sex with her. Cindy walks by and hears Ronald reciting to this girl the very poem that she  had written. She's completely devastated, so she starts drinking heavily. Later, as a surprise Bobby  shows up at the party from the University of Iowa as he still has strong ties with most of the athletes. After he learns about her relationship with Ronald through a few of the athletes, Cindy is brutally dumped in front of a lot of people. In anger and frustration she tells the party-goers the truth about her relationship with Ronald and his "cool" pretenses. She scolds her friends for falling for his act and for being "a bunch of followers". "Our little plan worked, didn't it Ronald?" Cindy says as she effectively puts him back at square one with not only the popular crowd , but the nerdy crowd as well. He suffers much emotional distress at being socially ostracized as his attempts to reconcile with both Cindy and Kenneth are rebuffed. However, a moment comes to redeem himself when he defends his best friend Kenneth against the onslaught of Quint. Ronald points out that they were all friends at one time. When they were nine, Quint had fallen out of their tree house and broken his arm, they carried him twelve blocks to the hospital as he cried all the way. He mocks the clique system at their school and walks away. Quint and Kenneth shake hands and the whole school applaud. Cindy recognizes Ronald's worth after that and the two reconcile when she decides to hop on the back of his riding lawn mower instead of hanging out with her popular friends. He asks her to prom and the two kiss as the title song plays. Closing credits roll while the two of them ride off into the sunset on the lawn mower.