A small oil rig located on a small river in Louisiana hits it big and former oiler John Sanders  and his friend Emery are hired to take his ex-wife Kelly and her boss to the location. Nearby, some thugs do diving for stolen goods that were dumped nearby. Unfortunately, at the same time, a huge freshwater bull shark enters the river and starts terrorizing and killing people. Emery's people, a local tribe, believe that the shark is a spirit that supposedly protects the area where the well is manifested in physical form as vengeance for the oil rig. Several people are killed by it and an attempt by locals to kill it drives it right back up the river, towards the oil rig. As a result of all the deaths, a $10,000 reward is posted for the shark's death. Unfortunately John, Emery, Kelly and her boss are captured by the three goons and the boss is shot in the leg and ultimately bleeds to death. The oil rig has a blowout and two men are killed. The shark arrives and kills several people as well as terrorizing the crew by taunting them by swimming around the rig. John and Kelly are forced to dive for the loot and recover it while the goons drink, mock each other, and plot what to do with the money. One of the goons kills the third in order to keep the money between himself and his partner, Jerry. John manages to escape from the goons and after helping Kelly and Emery escape, shoots the fuel tank on his boat, killing one of the goons. The other one, Ice,  is killed by the shark attempting to retrieve the money. John manages to lure the shark under the oil rig and Emery activates the drill and drops it into the shark's mouth, finally killing it. John, Kelly and Emery have a tooth from the shark as proof of their kill  and debate whether or not to collect the reward, but Emery, still believing the shark is a spirit in physical form, suggests that now that it is dead, that they should just let it rest in peace. John takes Emery's advice and tosses the tooth into the river, letting it sink to the bottom. Minutes later, they are found by the local sheriff who shows up in a helicopter to check on them.