Things You Can Tell Just by Looking at Her consists of five stories or vignettes, tied together loosely to envision the complexity of incomplete communications about life, family, and love. We glimpse the lives of five women, each facing problems such as loneliness, dissatisfaction, longing, and or desire. Rodrigo Garcia, in his first-time directing, assembled this film with a loaded cast of actresses who can tell you everything you need to know just by their body language and facial expressions. Their individual stories show us what “things you can tell just by looking at her”. In the film's prologue, Kathy  --a police detective--and her partner are investigating the apparent suicide of an unknown woman. Dr. Keener , a middle-aged doctor, attempts to care for her aging mother while coping with her own loneliness. She avoids intimacy, but also longs for it; we see both frustration and anticipation as she waits for phone calls from male colleagues. Dr. Keener decides to seek comfort or escape in Christine  who reads tarot cards. Christine’s partner Lilly  is critically ill with an unnamed disease, possibly cancer. Rebecca  is a successful bank manager who's "not big on regrets". After a three-year involvement with Robert --who keeps her secret from his wife--she becomes pregnant. Before Rebecca visits Dr. Keener to get an abortion, she has a fling with Walter, , a co-worker. Rose  is a single mother who is writing children’s books, and develops a sweet crush on a new dwarf neighbor , who catches Rose spying on him. Rose later experiences the shock of learning about her son's extensive sexual activity. Kathy's sister Carol Faber  is a lovely blind woman who has an active social life. Kathy is attracted to the medical examiner in the suicide case, and her story ends with him taking her out on a date. In an epilogue, Dr. Keener drops in to a bar, where she meets the male character, Walter, from previous stories . Carmen has a non-speaking role, a woman who appears in four scenes in four different stories, once walking beside Rebecca , and once in the grocery store while Rose  is shopping, and once under Christine's balcony , and the fourth a postmortem examination by detective Kathy  alongside Kathy's BF, Dr Sam . Presumably, Carmen is also Robert's  wife who was visited by him in San Francisco, as understood from Carol's  imaginative story towards the end of the film. Carol has a good detective and storytelling imagination that could qualify her to be a good writer, according to her sister, Kathy. Another conclusion involves that Robert  has taken a detective job from Carol , according to one of Carol's lines. This is a very loose conclusion based on the film's whole plot and hyperlink cinema.