The movie begins with the engagement of Saravana's sister . The house is full of joy and laughter, awaiting the return of Saravana from college. However, when Saravana  returns, the family members are shocked. He has brought home a distraught and frightened girl, whom he introduces as his friend, Sadhana . The marriage preparations continue, with everyone wondering who the mysterious girl is. Saravana's uncle , however, cannot control his emotions. He wants his daughter  to marry Saravana, and is afraid that Sadhana will spoil this. Eventually, Saravana's uncle confronts him about Sadhana. Saravana gets upset and an argument ensues. Later, as Saravana and Sadhana go to a restaurant to eat, a gang comes. Saravana chases them for a while, and beats all of them up. Realising he has left Sadhana behind, Saravana returns to the restaurant. However, Sadhana is not there. Frightened, he returns home, to find Sadhana there. She was rescued by her brother's assistant. Finally, Saravana's father  forces him to tell them what is going on. Then, a flashback begins. Saravana and Krishna ([[Five Star  are close friends. One day, Saravana sees Krishna's sister, Sadhana, on a video recording and immediately falls in love with her. At that moment, she is studying in London. After learning that she would be going home for the holidays, he follows Krishna home for the holidays, in an attempt to woo her. When he arrives at the village, Saravana is greeted by Krishna's elder brother Soundarapandi . Soundarapandi's wife  treats Saravana like a brother and dotes on him. Eventually, Saravana is told about the caste clashes occurring in the village. Soon, Sadhana arrives. Saravana tries hard to impress her but faces many difficulties. Strangely, he does not tell her about his love and devotion. However, the other family members eventually become aware of his love, and they approve of him. When Sadhana takes Saravana to the temple for a visit without anyone's knowledge, the rival group is attacked by Sadhana's brother's gang. The rival then holds Sadhana hostage and threatens to kill her. In a swift action of bravery and skill, Saravana knocks down the rival group member. After this incident, Soundarapandi tells Saravana why things are so violent in the village. He explains how he is a masters degree holder from a prestigious university and how his wife is also a masters degree holder. Unfortunately, due the nature of the villages, the rivalry is deadly and fatal. He ultimately says, even though the villages are violent, he will remain a noble person, with high ideals. At the temple festival, Soundarapandi carries a plate with the saree that Saravana bought for Sadhana before coming to the village. He wants to seek the blessings of the goddess Amman for the marriage. However, Sadhana is unaware of this. Trouble ensues when the rival gang kill the rest of Sadhana's family, forcing Saravana and Sadhana to flee the village. Soundarapandi's last wish was for Saravana to take care of Sadhana and marry her. The story shifts back to Saravana's household, and Saravana plans to send Sadhana to London. This is because the enemy will not be able to find her there. His family does not approve because they know of his love for her. By now, Sadhana has also fallen in love with him and his family. However, she agrees to leave because she thinks that he has no such feelings for her. Soundarapandi's assistant, who managed to escape the village, gives Sadhana the green saree, saying that it was supposed to be her brother's gift to her. On the day Sadhana is supposed to leave to London, she wears the green saree. At the airport, she meets Saravana's college mate. The girl tells Sadhana about Saravana's devotion for her. She also tells her that the green saree was bought by Saravana after much deliberation, and that she had to endure his torture of visitng many shops to find the perfect saree. Sadhana is surprised. She realises she cannot leave Saravana, and leaves the airport. She manages to find Saravana, who is fighting the villains. At the end, they embrace and the movie ends.