Mole's underground home is knocked in when the field is bulldozed by Weasels; the field has been owned by Mr. Toad , who has sold it to finance his latest fad; caravanning. Mole  flees to the river and meets the Water Rat , who is getting ready to embark on a picnic. Seeing Mole's distress, Rat decides to take Mole to see Mr. Toad. Toad encourages them to travel with him on the Open Road, in his newly bought canary-coloured cart. Disaster strikes when a pair of joyriders in a motor car knock over the cart. Toad, however, instantly discards the cart and becomes obsessed with motoring. He is a reckless driver, however, and ends up needing more money from the weasels. Their volatile Chief , tries to persuade him to sell Toad Hall. The Chief has three main cronies, Clarence  and Geoffrey , are his henchmen, though they passionately hate each other, and St.John , who attempts to suck up to the Chief, but his bumbling stupidity always rubs him up the wrong way. During a crazy drive into the Wild Wood, resulting in the destruction of another car, all three protagonists are lost in the inhospitable place. Mole encounters the Weasels, who attempt to coerce him into stopping his friends from interfering with their plans. They later encounter Toad, after fleeing when Rat arrives. All three protagonists end up in Mr. Badger's underground abode. Badger , a close friend of Toad's late father and feeling responsible for Toad's reckless conduct regarding his inheritance, is awakened from his to keep Toad obsessed with motor cars. However, Toad refuses to listen to Badger and continues his reckless behavior which ultimately ends up with him being arrested for stealing and crashing a motor-car outside a pub. During his trial, Toad's defense lawyer  proves to be more of a problem than the prosecution. Furthermore, the Weasels are dominating the public box, and the Chief Weasel is posing as one of the rabbits in the Jury, and coerces the terrified creatures into finding Toad guilty. The Judge  initially sentences Toad to be hanged, but after being told that he can no longer hang prisoners, he sentences Toad to twenty years in prison, but after Toad insults the Court and makes a botched escape attempt, the Judge angrily increases the sentence gradually, eventually resulting in a hundred-year sentence. Toad is then seen being dragged to the dungeon in the large castle. To make matters worse, elsewhere back in Toad Hall, while feeling sorry for thier friend, Rat and Mole are confronted by the Weasels who threw them out, and aneex Toad Hall for themselves. Knowing that they have no choice but to drive the Weasels out of Toad Hall, Rat and Mole have to dig underground to the castle to free Toad. Meanwhile, in the dungeon, Toad is crying, pleaded that he paid dearly for his bad behavior of motor-cars. With the help of the sympathetic Jailer's Daughter  and her reluctant Tea Lady Aunt , Toad escapes, disguised as the latter, despite Rat suggesting that Toad escapes through a tunnel him and Mole built underneath Toad's cell. Having realized he left his wallet in his cell, Toad along with Rat and Mole, climbs aboard a train engine. During the course of the journey, the police, who have stowed away on the train, demand for it to be stopped; Toad confesses who he is and begs the driver  to help him evade his captors. If only to protect his train, the driver agrees to help. He tosses coal lumps at the police, but gets caught in a mail catcher. Toad takes control of the train and is separated. He eventually crashes the engine, though he miraculously survives. Toad sets off again but only to get caught again by the Weasels. The full extent of their twisted plans are revealed: they have built a dog-food factory over the remains of Mole's house and are planning to blow up Toad Hall, and build a huge slaughterhouse in its place, with which they will 'process' all of the peaceful Riverbank dwellers, and turn them into dogfood. Their activities have also damaged Badger's home, which provokes him into taking decisive action against them. Badger and Rat attempt to break into Toad Hall disguised as weasels, but are unmasked. Along with Toad, they are placed in the factory's mincing machine under the orders of the Chief Weasel. The Chief, Clarence and Geoffrey return to Toad Hall to prepare the victory celebration, leaving St. John in charge of the machine. Mole, who has broken into the factory, disables the machine, enabling them to escape. Lulled by a premature sense of victory, the Chief Weasel's henchmen turn traitor, and attempt to blow him up using a Toad Hall shaped birthday cake. Clarence and Geoffrey begin quarreling among themselves for leadership, with the other Weasels drunkenly taking sides. This allows the protagonists to stage a raid on the house, leaving all the weasels incapacitated in the ensuing fight. However, the Chief is revealed to still be alive, and he escapes the scene, and is pursued by Toad. Toad attempts to stop him from reaching the factory, containing the detonator necessary to blow up Toad Hall, to no avail. Unbeknownst to both of them, the explosives are actually in the factory , and as such the Chief blows up himself along with the factory, leaving Toad Hall untouched and Toad's friends alive and well. Afterwards, Toad makes a public speech swearing off motor cars and promising to be wiser and less prideful in the future. Toad then sneaks off during a song with Mole, Rat and Badger, for the second time and is seen speaking to an airplane salesman, showing that he has not changed at all, only moved onto a new craze. Moments later, Toad flies over the crowd in the plane, causing mass hysteria and resulting in Badger swearing never to help Toad again. Toad, however, has finally found a craze which suits him- on the end credits, he is seen flying out over the sea.