Opening during World War II in Ukraine 1944, the remnants of 5th SS Panzer Division Wiking are fleeing from The Red Army. Using the protection of the woods and the dark a platoon partly made up of Swedes escape the massacre. They seek shelter in an abandoned cabin, but as darkness falls they are attacked by vampires inhabiting a hidden crypt under the cabin. In present day Sweden, doctor Annika and her teenage daughter Saga are moving to a town in Lappland, so Annika can work close to the famous Swedish geneticist Gerhard Beckert. Since Lappland is located above the arctic circle, the polar night has begun. With one month until dawn, there are only a few hours of sunless twilight each day before complete darkness, much to Saga's dismay. Saga finds a friend in the enigmatic gothgirl Vega who invites her to a party being held at her friend John's house that is to be held in few days. Saga decides to go having nothing better to do. As Annika start to work at the hospital she meets the lousy medical student Sebastian who has been stealing a can of strange pills Beckert has been treating a comatose patient with. Sebastian thinks the pills are drugs and tries them. But rather than getting high he starts to develop acute hearing, improved vision, is tormented by an extreme thirst. Vega shows up at Sebastian's house to pick up the drugs he promised her for John's party. Sebastian tells her he has forgotten to get them, but Vega thinks he is holding up. Sebastian rushes away to his girlfriend Cornelia's house to have dinner with her and her parents. Vega finds the can and steals it, bringing it to John. John, Vega and their closest circuit of friends devour them. Unbeknownst to everyone, Beckert is the last survivor of the massacred platoon who after a showdown in the cabin was left the only survivor together with a child vampire named Maria. Beckert brought Maria to northern Sweden with the good intention to create a cure for vampirism, but eventually his greed and Nazi beliefs got the best of him and he changed direction to create a new species. The coma patient bites Annika and Beckert tries to kill her to cover it up. Annika resists and liberates Maria who Beckert has held captive to milk her of vampire blood. Beckert responds by turning into a horrifying creature and chase Annika through the mostly abandoned town hospital. Saga arrives at John's house and soon all hell breaks out when John turn into a vampire - the pills being capsules containing the vampiric blood of Maria enhanced by Beckert - and rampages through the house killing or infecting several party guests. This coincides with several teens succumbing to vampirism, the pills has ended up in the punch. All the guests ends up dead or a vampire; either from the pills or bites with Saga being the only one left alive, trapped in the eye of the Storm. Following several surreal scenes of carnage and mayhem blurring the lines between horror and comedy the film ends on a dark note with Annika managing to kill Beckert but succumbing to her own vampirism. She picks up Saga  and under Maria's influence she drives further down south to spread the plague of vampires across Sweden. Meanwhile the new generation of anarchist vampires led by John overruns Norrland. The local police try to fight back but end up surrounded by the vampiric teens as John taunts them by uttering his somewhat iconic line: Don't worry. This will be over any minute. Dawn is... just a month away!