In the farside base on one of Neptune's moons, Triton, company soldiers set up their defense perimeter, preparing for an attack from an unstoppable cyborg warrior. The officer and building commander seals the room. During a routine transmission the outside tank patrol is attacked and destroyed. Almost immediately after the chopper patrol is attacked and crashes into the base, allowing the cyborg into the sealed room. The soldiers are no match for the cyborg and are killed one by one. At the last second Nabel deactivates the warrior with a remote control. They find out the cyborg warrior was created by their boss, E. J. Saggs and Nabel. After Saggs finds out about the remote, he has Nabel killed by one of the cyborgs. Keller, the trucker boss, is killed during a brawl on the space station. Truckers John, Cindy and Mike take a job delivering "Sex dolls" to Earth. They are aware that the cargo are not really sex dolls, but this is the only way they can get off of the station. John decides to go through the pirate controlled scum-zone; the truck is damaged and they are captured by the pirates. Cindy agrees to have sex with the pirate captain if he will take only their cargo and let them go. The Captain reveals himself to be Nabel, who survived Sagg's attempt on his life, but only as a badly built cyborg. One of the cyborgs breaks out of the containers and kills the pirates, giving Cindy a chance to escape and free John and Mike. They take off to Earth, but the wounded Nabel is on board with them. He tells John and Mike the truth about their cargo - when they get to Earth a large number of cyborgs will be set loose, effectively killing the entire population. John tells Cindy and Mike to take the escape pod and he will release the cargo in the atmosphere so it will burn up on reentry. He does so but his truck is destroyed too. Cindy and Mike decide to marry, and see Cindy's mother, who is surprisingly young and attractive. She became ill 20 years ago and was frozen until a cure was found. John is smitten with her. Within a few days Saggs has been elected World President. He visits the trio in the hospital and offers John a new truck and a suitcase full of money if the group will keep quiet about his cyborg plan. John agrees, but Mike is angry and throws the suitcase out of the window just as Saggs is getting in his limo. Saggs has planted a bomb in the case and pushes the detonator button just as it lands on the limo's roof, killing him. With Saggs dead and Earth safe, Mike, Cindy, John and Cindy's mother blast off in the brand new truck that Saggs gave them.