Littlefoot has nightmares which involves the "Great Circle". He mentions it to his grandparents, who share the experience. Grandpa has a feeling that he wants to "go somewhere", and they leave the next day with no help but sense to tell them where they were going. Out of curiosity, the others follow him, starting after them the following night. New characters are introduced throughout the film: Sue, a Supersaurus, who is driven on by the same sense as Grandpa, joins Littlefoot, and they met Pat, an elderly Apatosaurus. Sue is always haunted by a want to meet someone taller than her, as she towers above everyone else. Pat is slow-moving, but does arrive at the crater in time for the event. He injures his foot due to volcano activity. However, another surprise is in store, as Littlefoot meets his father, Bron , for the first time in his whole life. However, Bron isn't alone. Since parting from his now deceased wife , he has become guardian to a young Brachiosaurus, Shorty, who becomes jealous of Littlefoot since Bron is spending more time with him. Bron's story is a long one. He left to find a new place to live before Littlefoot hatched, but only arrived to find that the Earthquake had destroyed everything. In search of Littlefoot's mother, he finds Shorty, but realizes that it's not Littlefoot. But they stay with him. And then he is joined by others. This repeating process makes him the leader of a herd. And the same sense brings them to the crater. The ceremony is then revealed to be an event in which the moon overlaps the sun Before the ceremony can take place, however, a pack of Sharpteeth intervene and almost cause the ceremony to collapse, but when the eclipse finally comes, they are scared off. The Longnecks succeed With their mission completed, the herds depart. Things end happily for Sue, who meets an Ultrasaurus taller than her. Knowing their true places, Littlefoot tells Bron to take care of Shorty, and returns to the Valley with his friends and grandparents.