 The movie opens with clips of the US military scrambling to respond to a Soviet nuclear attack. Daniel Schorr, reporting in front of the White House, is vaporized when a nuclear weapon detonates.  In the summer of 1989, East Germany is in turmoil. Many citizens are dissatisfied with their nation’s communist leadership and demand pro-Western reforms. They also seek unification with West Germany. On October 7, Mikhail Gorbachev, a supporter of those reforms, visits East Berlin. During his return flight, the hard-line communist leadership stages a coup that deposes Gorbachev and installs  General Vladimir Soshkin as the new Soviet leader. Soshkin and the hard-liners fiercely resist the rise of glasnost and perestroika and are determined to end the uprisings in East Germany-and the rest of the Eastern Bloc-with a swift "Chinese-style" military crackdown in late October. The crackdown inflames popular opposition to communism. In late November, a demonstration in Leipzig is brutally repressed by the Red Army at great loss of life; two days later a demonstration at the Brandenburg Gate ends with East German soldiers killing many East Berlin residents trying to scale the Berlin Wall. Those soldiers also fire shots over the wall into West Berlin.  In mid-December, the Western Allies airlift military reinforcements to West Berlin. Soon after, US Secretary of State James Baker arrives in West Berlin to secretly meet with with the Soviet commander in East Germany, General Leonov, who strongly opposes Soshkin's crackdown; on the way to the meeting, however, Leonov is killed by a car bomb, for which a neo-Nazi group claims responsibility. After an interview with West German TV in which Soshkin implicitly threatens West Berlin, an American colonel orders that tactical nuclear weapons in West Germany be placed on high alert, and Soshkin responds with new threats, a massive deployment of the Soviet submarine fleet, and incursions of Soviet Bear bombers into Alaskan airspace. On January 25, 1990, Soshkin implements Operation Thunderbolt. The plan calls for Eastern troops to cut off transportation and supply links between West Germany and West Berlin, and the Soviet Air Force mobilizes to close off East Germany's airspace. Soshkin hopes the plan will prevent the West from entering into the Eastern sphere of influence, and cutting Berlin off from the west. NATO forces start a full-scale deployment into West Germany, and many citizens in West Germany are preparing shelters should the worst come. As the United States sends their first military convoy across the North Atlantic, the Soviets announce their intention to blockade the US Navy transports, the UN and NATO condemn the blockade, declaring it as an act of hostility for cutting off western Europe would leave it to the mercy of the Soviets. On February 18, the United States prepares to violate the blockade, they are attacked by Soviet forces; nearly a quarter of the convoy is lost before an American counter-attack clears the sea lanes. World War III has begun. The United States dispatches Martin Jacobs to the Soviet Union for talks with Soshkin. Figuring that Soshkin knows that the Soviets were losing power in Eastern Europe, Jacobs offers Soshkin an extended timetable for the Soviet withdraw from Eastern Europe in exchange for a de-escalation of the military buildup. Soshkin refuses him utterly.  {{Infobox military conflict | conflict | image | date Initially Germany; eventually Europe, North America, and the Soviet Union | casus * Initially, dissolution of East Germany and its impending reunification with West Germany. * Ultimately, a global thermonuclear war with hundreds of millions dead. | combatant1 Warsaw Pactincluding{{USSR}}{{GDR}} | notesGlobal Thermonuclear WarEpilogue The movie rewinds to Gorbachev’s visit to East Germany. We then see the real celebrations of the fall of the Berlin Wall and the peaceful reunification of Germany: "History...took a different course.".