 * Antonio Banderas - Pierre Dulaine: A renowned ballroom dance instructor who gets a job as a teacher for the delinquents in detention. A gentleman who treats everyone, especially the ladies, with respect and uses dance as a way to teach the delinquents about respect, manners and dealing with personal issues through dancing. Initially, the delinquents did not care about ballroom dancing, but after Pierre gives them a demonstration with his top dance student Morgan, the kids grew interested into the idea of ballroom dancing. He enters the kids in a city wide dance competition and by the end of the day, succeeds in turning the delinquents into respectful and well-mannered, young ladies and gentlemen. * Rob Brown - Jason "Rock" Rockwell: The brother of a teenager who died because of drugs, he has a longstanding feud with LaRhette, whose brother was allegedly the drug dealer. He lives in a poor neighborhood and supports his family. His father has been drunk since Rock's brother died and is violent. Rock wants nothing more than to own his own, "clean" place one day and to be nothing like his father. Despite this loathing, he still feels a duty towards his family and slips money through the door even when his father kicks him out. Rock is associated with the same drug dealing gang his brother was part of and later discovers that Ray was killed by the leader Easy because he "punked out" during a drug dealing heist. After meeting Pierre, he tried to avoid him and to not be part of dance. Knowing his feud LaRhette, Pierre decides to help them and pair them up as dance partners. Rock and LaRhette begin to respect each other and develop a friendship which later becomes love. * Yaya DaCosta - LaRhette Dudley: Sassy and aggressive, she's shown to be both fierce and nurturing. Since her mother works as a prostitute, she takes care of her younger siblings, cooking for them and helping her younger brother with his homework. Despite knowing her mother's profession, she is fiercely protective of her and refuses to let anyone blacken her name. She has a longstanding fued with Rock due to the drug dealing situation between their deceased older brothers. LaRhette temporarily runs away from home after almost being molested by her mother's new client. Understanding the fued between LaRhette and Rock, Pierre decides to help them by pairing them up as dance partners. After a while, the two begin to develop a mutual respect for each other which quickly turns into friendship and later into love. * Alfre Woodard - Principal Augustine James: No-nonsense and jaded, this woman is tough, hardened, and supremely dedicated to doing whatever she can to keep her school as safe as possible. She's shown to be an amazing and effective principal, balancing situations and knowing the name of almost every student, as well as their histories. She thinks of Pierre as an idealistic dreamer at first, but grows to respect him and his class and even offers him a job as a permanent dance instructor of the school. * John Ortiz - Mr. Joseph Temple: A teacher who cares about academics and academics only, he believes that the school should focus more on students who actually deserve help than to spend extra time with the delinquents. Despite proclaiming the Pierre's dance classes are taking up time that the delinquent students should be spending studying, he was the one who refused to supervise detention the day that Pierre was hired. He later gathers a petition and attempts to have Pierre's classes terminated, but is overruled when Pierre proves the value of his classes. * Laura Benanti - Tina * Jasika Nicole - Egypt * Dante Basco - Ramos: Proud, cocky, and an obvious leader, he is openly flirtatious and a good dancer. He obviously wants Sasha, which leads to him constantly goading Danjou and making sexual comments to Sasha. * Elijah Kelley - Danjou: A quieter, less cocky young man, he has trouble dancing and is less aggressive than Ramos. He holds all his frustration inside, which finally explodes after Ramos makes one comment too many, which leads to a fistfight between the two. * Jenna Dewan - Sasha: Sasha is pretty and a talented dancer who's caught in a love triangle with Danjou and Ramos. She repeatedly stands up for Danjou when Ramos mocks his lack of dancing skills and is obviously frustrated by the immature sniping between the two. * Brandon D. Andrews - Monster: A large, overweight boy with a heart as soft as a teddy bear, Monster is self-conscious but sweet. He becomes a very close friend to Caitlyn and doesn't hesitate to separate Ramos and Danjou after they start fighting. * Lauren Collins - Caitlin: Awkward and clumsy, she nevertheless loves to dance, though she feels out of place with Morgan and the other "better" dancers. She feels pressured by her mother and father, as well as their expectations of her. * Marcus T. Paulk - Eddie: A childish young man who is allegedly a thief, like with the new stereo system in detention. He can D.J. and when the competition was over he snuck over to the stereo and turned on rap music, which everyone danced to. He is shown to be fascinated with disco balls as he claims that they are cool. He danced with Egypt in the competition. * Katya Virshilas - Morgan: An extremely talented dancer who moves both gracefully and sensually, she is arrogant and rude to the delinquent kids, whom she dismisses as "nobodies with no talent." At the end of the movie, she winds up having a good time dancing with the inner city students, so she may have had a change of heart. * Jonathan Malen - Kurd: A self-proclaimed "player," he is at first disappointed with Pierre's choice to pair him with Big Girl, but gradually falls in love with her. * Shawand McKenzie - Big Girl: Monster's cousin, she is at first openly disgusted by Kurd's blatant sexual behavior, going so far as to wear gloves when she is forced to dance with him. She later warms up to him as her dance partner.