Joan Mitchell  is the 39-year-old wife of a businessman, Jack Mitchell . They live in suburban Pittsburgh with their 19-year-old daughter Nikki , a student. Joan is unhappy and bored with her housewife role. Jack is busy, embarking on long business trips every week. Joan has been seeing a psychotherapist because of her recurring dreams about her husband controlling her. Joan and her friends learn about a new woman in the neighborhood named Marion Hamilton  who practices witchcraft. Prompted by curiosity, Joan and one of her friends, Shirley , drive over to Marion's house one night for a Tarot reading. Marion is the leader of a secret witches' coven. Joan and Shirley drive home to Joan's house, where they meet Gregg , a student teacher at Nikki's college . The four drink and talk. Gregg shows an interest in Joan, who rebuffs him. Joan throws Gregg out of her house after he cruelly tricks Shirley into believing that she has smoked pot. After taking Shirley home, Joan returns home to hear Nikki and Gregg having sex. Turned on, she quietly goes to her bedroom and begins touching herself until Nikki walks in on her. The next day, a furious Nikki leaves without telling anybody where she is going, and soon afterward Jack leaves for a one week business trip, with Joan feeling more lonely than ever. Joan buys a book about witchcraft. She conjures a spell to make Gregg attracted to her, and soon they are engaged in an affair. She also has increasingly terrifying nightmares, in which she is attacked by an intruder wearing a Satanic mask. Believing that she is a witch, Joan's grip on reality blurs, leading to tragedy. The police tell Joan they have found Nikki in Buffalo, New York and that she will be coming home in three or four days. After one last sexual encounter with Gregg, Joan tells him she does not want to see him again. After another terrifying nightmare involving the masked intruder, Joan accidentally shoots and kills her husband, who has unexpectedly returned home early from his trip. Joan joins Marion's coven. Cleared of her husband's death which was ruled an accident, Joan resumes attending parties with her friends, where she quietly introduces herself as a witch. But Joan still remains lonely when people around her still refer to as "Mrs. Mitchell", or simply "Jack's wife".