It's ten years after the birth of Dane, and Meghann "Meggie" O'Neill  is forced to run the Drogheda basically on her own, since all her brothers went off to fight in World War II. To make matters worse, a two year drought has struck the area. One day, Meggie's estranged husband Luke arrived on Drogheda and begs forgiveness. Meggie, lonely, in need of a man to run the ranch and a father for her children, reluctantly takes Luke back, and she becomes pregnant once again. Father Ralph de Bricassart  has been using his church in Rome as a haven for Jewish war refugees. After Ralph uses some of Mary Carson's estate money to send a young orphan to America, the church "punishes" him by forcing him to return to Drogheda to guard the church's bequeathed property and to convince the Australian government to accept more refugees. Father Ralph arrives in Australia unannounced and Luke is not too pleased to see him. Luke demands Meggie move with him immediately to a ramshackle cabin on the farm he purchased, just to get Meggie away from Ralph. When Meggie resists, Luke strikes her, causing her to miscarry. Meggie decides she can never return to Luke, but Luke declares he only returned for Dane, who he thinks is his son. Meggie takes Luke to court for custody of Dane. The judge, a Protestant biased against Dane's desire to be a priest, awards custody to Luke, with Meggie refusing to ruin Ralph by announcing Dane is his and not Luke's son. The rains finally come, and Ralph and Meggie do their best to round up the animals before the flood comes. Unable to make it back to Drogheda in the downpour, the two find refuge in a small cabin, where a night of romance ensues. Meggie's mother Fee, in a last-ditch attempt to reclaim Dane, confronts Luke with the truth-Dane is not his son but the son of Father Ralph. Luke swears never to reveal this fact for fear of losing Meggie and his children to Ralph forever. Luke confronts Ralph and starts a fight, declaring if Ralph can beat him he can have Dane. Ralph defeats Luke, and torn and bleeding, returns Dane to Meggie.