While hosting a party in his Manhattan penthouse, financial publisher Chris Thorne  meets Diane Lightson  and agrees to escort her to Atlantic City on the following day. "Brazillionaire" brother and sister Fausto and Renalda meet up with them and invite themselves along. Along the way, Chris takes a supposed scenic detour off of the New Jersey Turnpike, ultimately ending up in the run-down village of Valkenvania. Failing to comply with a stop sign and subsequently attempting to escape pursuing officer Dennis Valkenheiser , the group is captured and taken before 106-year-old Reeve Alvin Valkenheiser , who confiscates their identification cards. The reeve holds the offenders in his courthouse/funhouse to be judged. They attempt an escape, but due to a series of mishaps, the group splits up. The two Brazillionaires escape by cutting a deal with Dennis, who decides to quit his job as an officer. At points, Chris and Diane, still trapped within the house, are in high risk of being shot by Dennis' trigger-happy cousin, Miss Purdah. The reeve is angered by their actions and imprisons Chris and Diane in a room from which the pair eventually escapes  and, in time, become separated. Diane makes it out of the house and into the property's salvage yard; here, she meets two troll-like creatures by the names of Bobo and Lil' Debbull, the judge's severely deformed grandchildren. Earning the creatures' trust, Diane catches glimpses of Alvin's granddaughter/personal mechanic Eldona  destroying Chris's BMW. Meanwhile, Chris sneaks into the reeve's personal quarters but is quickly caught. Valkenheiser punishes him according to house policy, which decrees that Chris must marry Eldona. Chris pleads for help from another set of the reeve's victims, the alternative rap group Digital Underground. Although the group's members are being held on charges of speeding, the reeve releases them after being charmed by an impromptu performance of one of the group's hits. The judge and his household have a long-standing grudge against "bankers"  because of the loss of most of the family's wealth due to a poor investment deal. The judge's invariable punishment for being a "banker," and for just about everything else, is to be fed via roller coaster into a death machine called "Mr. Bonestripper," and have one's remains shot out onto a large charnel heap. The machine breaks down the instant before Chris is fed into it, and he escapes. After retrieving Diane from the scrapyard, the two jump on a train back to New York. After the two report their plight to the authorities, the reeve's courthouse is raided by local and state police. Chris and Diane are asked to accompany the officers to the site, only to find out that the officers involved are fully aware of and in league with the reeve. The couple only escapes when the area's underground coal fires cause a collapse, destroying the town. The Brazillionaires are shown to have made their way back to South America; Dennis is now their personal head of security and Renalda's lover. Chris and Diane are shown relaxing in New York. Chris's relief does not last, however, as he stumbles on a televised news segment covering the ruined town of Valkenvania, in which Valkenheiser, brandishing Chris's ID, announces that he and his family plan to move in with his new grandson-in-law in New York.