During the 1973 Yom Kippur War, an Israeli A-4 Skyhawk carrying a nuclear weapon is shot down over the Syrian desert. The bomb, over time, is consumed by the sand and disappears. Twenty-nine years later, President J. Robert Fowler  and his senior national security advisors, including Director of Central Intelligence William Cabot , are conducting a top-secret military simulation of a Russian nuclear attack against the United States. Meanwhile, the bomb is found in Syria by a couple of scrap dealers and unwittingly sold to an arms dealer named Olson  for {{USD}} 400, who in turn sells it to an Austrian neo-Nazi named Richard Dressler  for {{USD}}50 million. The United States becomes concerned when Alexander Nemerov  becomes the new President of the Russian Federation. Cabot seeks the opinion of CIA analyst Jack Ryan , who has done extensive research on Nemerov's life and career. During a routine inspection of Russia's nuclear weapons facilities, Cabot and Ryan are invited to the Kremlin to meet with Nemerov personally. Tension arises when Nemerov protests U.S. involvement in Russian-Chechen affairs. Nonetheless, Nemerov and Ryan develop a rapport. During the inspection, Ryan notices that three Russian nuclear technicians are not present at the facility. Nemerov's aide, Anatoli Grushkov ([[Michael Byrne , claims that there is nothing amiss. Cabot's covert informant in Moscow, "Spinnaker", says that the whereabouts of the three scientists are truly unknown to the Russian government. Upon arrival in Washington, D.C., Cabot sends operative John Clark  to track down the missing scientists. Clark discovers them in Ukraine, constructing Dressler's bomb. When President Nemerov takes responsibility for an unauthorized gas-warfare attack on Grozny, President Fowler becomes concerned with the volatility of Nemerov's military policies and responds by sending NATO peacekeeping troops to Chechnya. Ryan correctly believes that Nemerov took responsibility for the act only to save face before political radicals in Russia, and loses credibility in the White House. Meanwhile, the nuclear bomb, disguised as a cigarette vending machine, arrives in a crate in Baltimore, Maryland, and is placed at a football stadium. In a recording, Dressler reveals his intentions in placing the bomb in Baltimore: frustrated and angered with the American and Russian paternalism over smaller European nations, Dressler has resolved to destroy both nations, much as Adolf Hitler desired to in World War II. Dressler notes, "Communism was a fool's errand. The followers of Marx gone from this earth, but the followers of Hitler abound and thrive." By detonating a nuclear weapon on American soil, Dressler and his associates plan to aggravate an already tense relationship between the two nations to the point of full-blown nuclear war. Ryan informs Cabot about the bomb, but learns that both he and President Fowler are attending a football game in the stadium where the bomb is planted. Cabot orders U.S. Secret Service agents to rush the President out of the stadium. The President manages to escape the stadium, but only moments before the bomb detonates, destroying a significant part of the city and scattering the President's motorcade. After the explosion, Fowler is rescued by heliborne United States Marines, and taken airborne on a Boeing E-4B Advanced Airborne Command Post with his cabinet. Immediately, they fear that the bomb was Russian. Ryan's girlfriend, Dr. Catherine Muller , survives the blast and Ryan survives a helicopter crash, but Cabot dies later at a hospital. After being informed about the explosion, Dressler telephones one of his associates, a corrupt general in the Russian Air Force. In order to further aggravate the situation, the general orders his Tu-22M Backfire pilots to strike an American aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis with standoff missiles in the North Sea under the false pretext that a U.S. intercontinental ballistic missile has destroyed Moscow. The strike heavily damages the Stennis and renders the carrier incapable of launching aircraft. In response, Fowler orders United States Air Force F-16 fighter jets to attack the originating Russian air base. Tensions escalate as trust between Fowler and Nemerov rapidly deteriorates. To prove that he is willing to take the exchange to the next level, Fowler orders SNAPCOUNT, the military alert level for maximum readiness, preparing to launch a massive nuclear strike on Russian military targets. Seeing that the U.S. has dispatched B-2 Spirit stealth bombers and Ohio-class submarines, Nemerov prepares to launch his missiles on the United States. Ryan first learns about the origin of the bomb after a U.S. Army Radiation Assessment Team conducts an isotopic fingerprint analysis of air samples around ground zero in Baltimore. It is concluded that the plutonium for the Baltimore bomb was manufactured in Savannah River nuclear plant in South Carolina in 1968, thus indicating that the original fissile material was of American, not Russian, origin. He tries, unsuccessfully, to communicate this information to Fowler. After being with the dying Cabot, Ryan takes Cabot's personal effects, and with Cabot's text messenger, asks Spinnaker how the American plutonium ended up in a Russian bomb. Spinnaker tells him that the U.S. had secretly managed to send it to Israel for their nuclear weapons program. Meanwhile, John Clark learns from Ghazi, one of the scrap dealers who is dying from being exposed to the bomb's radiation, that it was Olson who bought the bomb and that he lives in Damascus, Syria. Ryan's co-workers in the CIA infiltrate Olson's computer and download files that implicate Dressler as the person who bought the plutonium and who is behind the Baltimore attack. Ryan learns of this from his team. Ryan gets to the Baltimore harbor docks, only to find Dressler's American contact Jared Mason  murdered by Dressler's German hitman Haft . Haft attacks Ryan, but Ryan manages to get the upper hand on him. Ryan tries to force Haft to talk, but is thwarted as the Maryland State Police arrive. Via a state police helicopter, Ryan manages to get to the Pentagon, where he is able to communicate the truth to Nemerov. Relying on Ryan's word, Nemerov proposes a plan to Fowler to a stand down. Fowler follows suit, and the nuclear war is averted. The two presidents meet and make peace as agents of both governments hunt down and assassinate the terrorist conspirators. John Clark cuts Olson's throat, Russian agents pursue and shoot the traitorous General Dubinin in a snow-covered forest, and as Grushkov looks on, Dressler has his bodyguard start his car engine to rule out a car bomb, only to be killed after he replaces him in the car, due to him pushing in the cigarette lighter, which actually triggers the bomb. In Washington, D.C., Fowler and Nemerov address the Baltimore tragedy and the future of weapons of mass destruction during a speech on the White House lawn. In a nearby park, Ryan and Muller are having a picnic when they are approached by Grushkov. It is revealed that Grushkov is Spinnaker, Cabot's covert source in Moscow. Grushkov gives Muller a "modest gift" for her engagement to Ryan. Muller and Ryan are perplexed, as they have not told anyone of their engagement. Ryan asks Grushkov how he could possibly know this secret, but he simply smiles, shrugs and walks away.