While in Wales visiting her husband James , Adele  tries to fix her relationship with her daughter Sarah . By the side of a cliff, they see a strange memorial with evidence of a plate missing and with the name "Annwyn"  marked on it. A local man Dafydd  explains that, according to traditional Welsh mythology, Annwyn is a sort of afterlife. Later, Sarah vanishes on the beach, and another similar looking girl, named Ebrill  , appears in her place. Ebrill is the long-dead daughter of a local shepherd who also served as the town's pastor fifty years prior. When Ebrill, who was a sickly child, died, her father gave her to the ocean, sending her to Annwyn. He then convinced his followers to throw themselves into the ocean, claiming that it was the way to Paradise, while he privately hoped that their sacrifice would return Ebrill to him from Annwyn. Ebrill did come back, but, as the film states, something came back with her. That something killed the sheep, something upon which the local newspapers remarked upon. Her father tried to draw the evil out of her, through trepanning and locking her in her room. Dafydd was one of the followers who did not throw himself off the cliff, though both his parents did. Ebrill's father took him in, and when Dafydd could no longer bear witnessing the shepherd hurting Ebrill, he set her free, which in turn allowed the evil within her to lash out and shove her father over the cliff. Realizing that Ebrill never should have been brought back from Annwyn, a young Dafydd sent her back by drowning her. Adele makes the connection that Ebrill is back once more because she has found a living substitute in Sarah, hence the film's tagline "One of the living for one of the dead". In an attempt to rescue her daughter, Adele throws both herself and Ebrill over the cliffs, despite James' protests, and sends them both to Annwyn, a sepia-toned, misty version of reality. While in Annwyn, the film reveals that Sarah attempted suicide following an argument with her mother, resulting in their trip to Wales. Adele begs for a second chance with her daughter. Ebrill informs her that the dead don't get second chances. Ebrill and her father perform trepannation on Adele, to draw out the evil within her. Adele eventually escapes her bonds and rushes to find Sarah, who is locked behind a door. Adele finds a key and tearfully apologizes for being so selfish. In unlocking the door, Adele is able to rescue Sarah from Annwyn, though, in doing so, Adele sacrificed herself, only to realize too late that the Sarah she brought back was tainted by the same evil that had tainted Ebrill all those years ago.