{{plot|datePart onePart two The creature befriends an elderly blind peasant. The blind man is eager to introduce his new friend to his grandchildren Felix and Agatha, the latter of whom the creature becomes enamored by. For many days the creature hides from them when they return home, afraid of letting anyone see his face, a habit the blind man attributes only to shyness. Felix and Agatha choose to surprise their grandfather's friend by turning up unexpectedly, but upon seeing the creature, Agatha flees into the woods in terror while Felix attacks. In self-defense, the creature reflexively flings Felix away, smashing Felix's skull. He then pursues Agatha into the woods, but as she runs from him she stumbles into the path of a horse-drawn carriage. Agatha is run over and killed. The creature takes the body and carries it back to Frankenstein's laboratory, intent on asking his creator to restore her to life. He arrives to find that Victor has long since left and that the laboratory is now occupied by Dr. Polidori, the crippled former mentor of Clerval. Having become aware of Victor's failed experiment and discovering that Henry Clerval's brain resides in the creature's body, Polidori agrees to help the creature's beloved Agatha. Victor, having abandoned his experiments after the creature's apparent suicide, has now returned to his country house to marry Elizabeth. On the day of his wedding he is visited by Polidori, who uses the fact of the creature's existence to blackmail Victor into helping him create a female being. In exchange, Polidori promises that Victor will be forever free of them all once the experiment is complete. Victor reluctantly agrees, and much to Elizabeth's dismay leaves her alone on their wedding night to join Polidori in his laboratory. Polidori reveals that it was he who perfected the preservation and reanimation of dead flesh. He scoffs at the use of solar power and blames the procedure as the reason for the Creature's degeneration. Clerval had apparently stolen Polidori's secrets and left the helpless Polidori without assistance. Desiring fame and racing against his own increasing weakness, Clerval came to believe the solar route would be a quicker and simpler way to accomplish the same goal. Keeping the creature locked away like an animal, Polidori employs Victor in attaching Agatha's head to a new body. Together, they bring to life a beautiful female creature whom Polidori names Prima. Victor believes himself forever free of both his creature and Polidori and leaves for a several months-long honeymoon with Elizabeth. Polidori insinuates his "ward" Prima and himself into the Fanshawe household. Enraged at seeing Polidori, Frankenstein reluctantly complies with his wishes and decides not to interfere with Polidori's plan. It becomes evident that Prima is evil, and Elizabeth grows increasingly wary of the young woman after she catches her deliberately trying to strangle a household cat. Suspicious about the decorative neck choker which Prima insists on wearing, Elizabeth spies on Prima as she sleeps and sees with horror the stitches on her neck where her head has been attached. She begs Victor to dismiss her from the house. At the laboratory Victor confronts Polidori, who tells him that he and Prima will be moving on shortly. As a show of good faith that he now really means to set Victor free, Polidori hypnotizes the creature and puts him to sleep at the edge of a vat of acid. The servants are about to push him in but, at the last moment, Victor cries out for the creature to wake up. He does so, hurling one of the servants into the acid as Polidori locks him in the basement. Polidori has his remaining servant set fire to the building with the creature trapped inside and chastises Victor for his hypocrisy, telling him that he loved his creature "so long as it was pretty, but when it lost its looks that was a different matter!" The volatile chemicals still stored in the building explode, leveling the chateau. Later on, a ball to present Prima to society is held at the Fanshawe mansion. Prima performs a delightful ballet routine which impresses all the guests. Beaming with pride, Polidori finally explains to a drunken Victor his true plan: to use the stunning Prima as a courtesan to the rich and powerful, with the ultimate plan of gaining international political influence. At that moment, Frankenstein's badly burned creature bursts into the ballroom. Scattering the guests, he makes his way towards Prima. He rips away the now savage Prima's neckband, revealing her neck scar to the horrified crowd. After a tussle, where the guests try to keep a crazed Prima from reaching the monster, he succeeds in literally pulling off her head, dropping it at Polidori's feet. The ballroom is left in chaos and destruction. The next day a police investigation begins and Victor attempts to confess. Elizabeth intervenes, convincing the inspector in charge that Victor has been suffering from mental strain and that Polidori is responsible for everything. Elizabeth and Victor choose to leave England and voyage to America to begin life anew. Victor and Elizabeth board the ship but find that Polidori is also on board. He insists that Victor and he will continue their experiments in America and will not accept their refusal. Elizabeth witnesses the creature hiding in Polidori's cabin. She locks Polidori in the cabin with the creature and takes the key. When she tells Victor what she has done, his sense of morality urges him to set Polidori free. He does, but the creature pursues Polidori onto the deck. The creature ties a rope around Polidori and hoists him high into the lightning storm above. In an attempt to stop Polidori's murder, Victor is struck by a swinging plank and falls to the deck unconscious. The ship's crew flee in a lifeboat, leaving only Victor, Elizabeth and the creature on board. Elizabeth cruelly and rather unwisely taunts the creature with the knowledge of her pregnancy. Enraged, the mind of Clerval surfaces, and the creature kills her. The Clerval part of the creature carefully observes and treats Victor's condition, after having lashed the wheel of the ship on a heading straight for the uncharted wilderness of the North Pole. When Victor finally awakens, he finds the frozen body of Elizabeth on deck and the ship itself locked in ice. Victor sees the creature's footprints leading away from the ship, making their way across the ice plain to what appears to be a cavern at the base of a large iceberg. Victor follows him, overcome by remorse, realizing that this whole tragedy was caused by his rejection of the helpless, deteriorating creature, who upon Victor's death will be utterly alone, cursed with an "iron body" that, even here, will keep him alive against his will. Victor begs the Creature's forgiveness; the sound of his shouts sets off an ice avalanche. As tons of ice begin to fall upon them both, the Creature  forgives his creator.