Pierre Brossard , a French Nazi collaborator, orders seven Jews executed during World War II. Some 40 years later, he is pursued by "David Manenbaum" , a hitman who is under orders to kill Brossard and leave a printed 'Statement' on his body proclaiming the assassination was vengeance for the Jews executed in 1944. Brossard sees "Manenbaum" at a local bar, becomes concerned about possible trouble, and begins to run from him. Brossard kills "Manenbaum", then realizes he must now run from the law to save his life. Brossard hides "Manenbaum's" body and car, after robbing the dead body, finding the printed 'Statement', and discovering that his pursuer was travelling on a Canadian passport. Brossard spends the rest of the film running between short-term sanctuaries in southern France within the Traditional Catholic community, appealing to long-time allies who have operated in great secrecy to shield him and provide him with funds for years, but now bring increased scrutiny to themselves for continuing to do so. The murder of "Manenbaum" attracts the interest of local police, and eventually the persistent Investigating Judge Anne-Marie Levi . She becomes absorbed by the case, and is not discouraged by the lack of assistance she encounters from official sectors she believes should be helping her. Levy forms an alliance with the similarly dedicated Colonel Roux , a senior French Gendarmerie's investigator, and the pair initially suspect that "Manenbaum" was part of a Jewish assassination plot. The pair dig deeply into the case, and discover that Brossard has been the subject of several previous investigations, dating back more than 40 years, which have all failed. Just how has Brossard been able to escape justice for so long? Levi and Roux discover hidden resources and build up the pressure, tightening the noose around Brossard, who finds his allies increasingly reluctant to help him. Meanwhile, doubts begin to arise over the theory of a Jewish hit squad, but it is clear that someone wants Brossard dead, and the elimination of "Manenbaum" does not put an end to their efforts. Brossard in desperation secretly pays a surprise visit to his estranged wife Nicole , a maid who is living in lower-middle-class circumstances in Marseille and is very apprehensive about seeing him again. Brossard's allies, including certain priests and a wartime colleague, who has risen into a position of great power within the French government, are feeling the heat from the relentless questioning of Levy and Roux. As the story approaches its climax, Brossard, desperate and unsure whom to trust, seeks new identity papers and money, so he can escape France forever. He knows far too much for the safety of his protectors, and has relied upon this fact for years. But Brossard is now living on borrowed time, and it becomes a question of not only whether he can avoid capture and flee France, but also of which pursuer will find him first.