Imprisoned in Fort Santiago under the abusive Spanish colonization, José Rizal  was approached by a young uneducated indio asking the importance of education during his life. Meanwhile, in Balintawak, Andrés Bonifacio  and his fellow secret organization of Katipunan, commenced the uprising against the cruel tyranny created by the Spaniards by tearing their cedula as a sign of Spanish slavery. Soon, a first lieutenant of the Artillery, Luis Taviel de Andrade , visited Rizal. Taviel de Andrade did not waste time to study carefully Rizal’s case. In just a short period of time, Rizal and Taviel captured each other’s sympathy and eventually became friends as they had usual meetings in Rizal’s cell in Fort Santiago. Taviel was even able to celebrate Christmas with Rizal in the cell where they drank and sang together. After Christmas, Rizal was sent to Royal Audiencia  to hear the trial against him. Soon after, the magistrates decided to condemn him under firing squad on the 30th of the morning in Luneta. At the night before the execution, Rizal hallucinates, seeing his alter ego-protagonist Simoun of his novel El Filibusterismo tempting the author to change the climax of the story. On the morning of the execution, his kin received a small alcohol stove  from his cell containing the last poem "Mi Ultimo Adios." Stopping at the place of execution facing the rising sun, Rizal asked the authorities for a last request as he faces the firing squad but the request is denied. Calm and without haste, he changed his request to save his head during execution and the captain agrees. At the moment the shooting squad points at his back, he readily uttered his final words: Consummatum est.  After the execution, members of the Katipunan had ambushed a Spanish military company somewhere in Manila, completely catching the Spanish forces off guard and seized their mounts, munitions and their rifles. They had also captured a church and executed a friar in an act of vengeance for the execution of Rizal. Bonifacio and his top generals met in their headquarters to plan a new offensive seeking to capture 10 towns in a duration of 1 week from the Spanish. Rizal's picture can be seen at the background of his headquarters.