Conrad and Sally Walden live in the city of Anville with their single mother, Joan. Joan works for neat-freak Hank Humberfloob, and is hosting an office party at her house. One day, she is called back to the office, leaving the kids with Mrs. Kwan, a tired babysitter, and forbidding them to enter the living room, which is being kept pristine for the upcoming party. Larry Quinn is Joan's boyfriend, much to Conrad's dismay. Larry is constantly on the lookout for any mischief Conrad may be up to, as he wants nothing more than to send him away to military school, as Conrad has earned the reputation of "trouble-maker", while his sister is characterized as "perfect and well-behaved". Once their mother leaves, Sally and Conrad discover an anthropomorphic talking cat in a hat in their house. The cat wants them to learn to have fun, but the children's pet fish doesn't want the cat around when Joan is away. Cat ruins Joan's best dress and jumps on the living room's couch. He bakes cupcakes that explode and he even releases two trouble-making things, Thing 1 and Thing 2, from a crate. When the crate's lock attaches itself to the collar of the family dog, Cat and the kids must go find it. They drive a super-powered car in search of the dog and use Cat's magic hat to their advantage, but face an obstacle when he loses it at one point. Larry soon becomes wise to all of this and tracks down Joan to tell her, but Things 1 and 2 have stalled her on the road, posing as police officers. Larry is fed up about this, so he goes back to the house, telling Joan to meet him there. By the time the kids and the Cat return back to the house with the lock, all hell has broken loose, with "the mother of all messes" emitting from the unlocked crate and entering the house. The kids tell the Cat to leave the house, but he returns to clean up his mess with a great cleaning contraption. Larry arrives when all is restored, thinking he has busted the kids, but when Joan sees the clean house, she doesn't believe Larry, and breaks up with him. When her party is successful, Joan and her kids play in the living room by jumping on the couch and having fun. The film ends as the Cat and Thing 1 and Thing 2 walk into the sunset.