Belle and the Beast throw a Christmas party for the local villagers at their castle who are been pardoned for their attack on the prince which been led by Gaston. Lumiere  and Cogsworth  argue who brought Christmas back to the castle, whilst Mrs. Potts  insists of explaining the true story behind Christmas' return to the castle. The film then switches into a lengthy flashback, during the events of the first film after the Beast saved Belle from a wolf pack. Belle  is excited for Christmas but is shocked when the castle servants reveal the Beast  has forbidden Christmas from occurring. Belle finds the Beast outside in the snow and offers to teach him ice skating, but the Beast storms off when he crashes into the snow. Belle decides to throw Christmas, Lumiere and Chip  accompanying her to the castle attic where they meet Angelique , one of Lumiere's lovers who objects to the reintroduction of Christmas, due to the Beast's curse occurring on Christmas when he rejected the Enchantress  entry into the castle. The Beast consults the court composer Forte , who was transformed into a giant pipe organ. Forte would prefer to remain as an ornament than be released by Belle, enjoying his manipulation over the Beast's anger. The Beast confronts Belle in the castle's boiler room, but they dissent over the occurrence of Christmas. Belle eventually meets Forte, who advises her to venture into the deepest part of the forest to cut down a giant Christmas tree. Belle then goes to the forest and finds the tree is near impossible to cut down and eventually falls under a sheet of ice. The Beast learns what has happened and goes to rescue her where he catches up to Lumiere, Cogsworth, Forte's humble minion Fife , and a carpenter Axe . However, the Beast, knowing that Belle was planning Christmas against his wishes, imprisons Belle in the dungeon. The servants visit Belle, and Angelique apologizes for her rude attitude. The Beast finds a present, a storybook, from Belle and reads it. Moved by the book's words, the Beast has a change of heart and frees Belle, offering to celebrate Christmas after all. Furiously realized that he and the other servants would return back to their human forms if Belle loves their master, the Beast before the last petal fall, Forte uses his music to destroy the castle in an attempt to destroy the rose, ensuring that he and all will be remained enchanted forever. The Beast confronts Forte, but is easily overwhelmed by his music. Fife points out that Forte's keyboard is his weak point, the Beast rips it off Forte who collapses and dies. Belle, the Beast and the servants celebrate Christmas together. The film ends at the party, with Prince Adam taking Belle aside and giving her a rose as a Christmas present as Fife is now his new court composer.