 A workhouse in a small town in England is visited by the wealthy governors who fund it. At the same time a sumptuous banquet is held for them, the orphan boys who work there are being served their daily gruel. They dream of enjoying the same "Food, Glorious Food" as their masters. While eating, some boys draw straws to see who will ask for more to eat, and the job falls to a boy named Oliver Twist. He goes up to Mr. Bumble and Widow Corney, who run the workhouse and serve the gruel, and quietly asks, "Please, sir, I want some more." Mr. Bumble is enraged and Oliver is taken to the governors to see what to do with him . A decision is made to have Oliver be sold into service. Mr. Bumble parades Oliver through the snow trying to sell him to the highest bidder . Oliver is eventually sold to an undertaker named Mr. Sowerberry, who intends to use him as a mourner for children's funerals. After his first funeral, Noah Claypole, Sowerberry's apprentice, insults Oliver's mother to get a rise out of him. Oliver attacks Noah and Mrs. Sowerberry forces him into a coffin while Noah fetches Mr. Bumble. Oliver is too angry to be intimidated by Mr. Bumble and Bumble places the blame on not keeping Oliver on a diet of gruel. Oliver is thrown into the cellar as further punishment. Alone in the dark with a roomful of empty coffins, Oliver tearfully wonders "Where is Love?". While clutching the window grate, Oliver inadvertently pushes it open and he escapes. After a week on the road, Oliver reaches London, where he plans to seek his fortune. Shortly after arriving, he crosses paths with the Artful Dodger, a young thief who decides to take Oliver under his wing . Dodger leads Oliver to his home, a hideout for a group of young pickpockets run by the criminal Fagin. Oliver naively believes the handkerchiefs and wallets they've stolen are "made" by them and Fagin and the boys play along for their amusement. He then helps the boys practice their stealing while reiterating his belief that "You've Got to Pick a Pocket or Two" to get by. Once the boys go to sleep, Fagin sneaks off to meet with Bill Sikes, a dangerous thief with whom he makes his deals. Sikes' girlfriend, Nancy, waits for him at the pub and sings of her contentment with the life she shares with the reprobates of London while covering up her own broken dreams of the life she wishes she had with Sikes . Back at the hideout, Oliver witnesses Fagin counting his hidden treasures and taking a little more than his fair share from Sikes' loot. While initially furious that he's been discovered, Fagin halfheartedly admits that he's keeping his "pretty things" for comfort in his old age. Nancy and her best friend Bet arrive in the morning to collect some money from Fagin on behalf of Sikes, and meet Oliver. The boys mock Oliver for his politeness towards Nancy, which she finds charming. Dodger attempts to be just as gentlemanly towards Nancy and the boys and Fagin join in the fun . Fagin sends the boys out for the day and Oliver asks to go with Dodger, which he agrees to "Be Back Soon". While on the job, however, Oliver witnesses what Dodger really does and is blamed for Dodger's theft of a wallet belonging to a gentleman named Mr. Brownlow. Oliver is chased by the police, and despite Dodger's best efforts to stall them, is arrested. Afraid that Oliver will tell the police all about them, Fagin and Sikes send Nancy to court to watch what he does. Oliver is too terrified to say anything, but before the magistrate can finalize the verdict, a bookseller who witnessed the act arrives to prove Oliver's innocence. Mr. Brownlow takes in Oliver and Sikes and Fagin send Dodger to follow them.  Oliver has been living in the wealthy residence of Mr. Brownlow for several weeks now. From the balcony he watches the merchants and other folk of London sell their wares  Sikes has been keeping an eye on Oliver, firmly believing he may tell on them. He and Fagin are determined to get him back and employ Nancy to help them as Oliver trusts her more than he does the others. Nancy refuses as she wants Oliver to have a life free of thievery but Sikes cruelly hits her. As Nancy reluctantly follows Sikes, she sings of her unwavering love of him despite his ways . The next day, Mr. Brownlow entrusts Oliver with some books and money to be delivered to the bookshop. As he leaves, Brownlow notices a striking resemblance between a portrait of his long-lost niece and Oliver. While walking through the streets of London, Oliver is sidetracked by Nancy and is eventually kidnapped by Sikes and taken back to the hideout. Sikes and Nancy argue but she leaves as he starts to get violent in front of the boys again. Fagin begins reconsidering his life as a thief and weighs all his options, but decides to keep to his old ways by "Reviewing the Situation". Mr. Bumble and Widow Corney pay a visit to Mr. Brownlow after he begins searching for Oliver's origin. They present a locket belonging to Oliver's mother, who arrived at the workhouse penniless and died in childbirth. Mr. Brownlow recognizes the locket as his niece's and throws the two out, enraged that they chose to selfishly keep the trinket and information to themselves until they could collect a reward for it. Meanwhile, in an attempt to introduce Oliver to a life of crime, Sikes forces Oliver to take part in a house robbery. The robbery fails when Oliver accidentally awakens the people living in the house, but he and Sikes manage to get away. While Sikes and Oliver are gone, Nancy, fearful that Sikes will kill Oliver, goes to Brownlow, confessing her part in Oliver's kidnapping and promising to return him to Mr. Brownlow the next evening at London Bridge; however, she insists that Brownlow come alone, her loyalty to Sikes prevents her from turning him over to the police. Then she goes to her job at the tavern. When Sikes and Oliver show up safely there, Sikes orders his dog Bullseye to guard the boy. Nancy starts up a lively drinking song, hoping that the noise will distract Sikes . Bullseye, however, alerts him and he secretly follows Nancy and Oliver despite Fagin's pleads not to hurt Nancy. As Oliver and Nancy share a farewell embrace at London Bridge, Sikes catches up, grabs Nancy, and bludgeons her to death, mistakenly believing that she did betray him after all. He then kidnaps Oliver, but Bullseye returns to the scene of the crime after Sikes tries to murder him as well to prevent detection. The dog leads Brownlow and an angry mob to the thieves' hideout. Sikes uses Oliver as a hostage to make sure he gets away unscathed. Fagin loses his grip on his box of treasures while running and they sink deep into the mud. After forcing Oliver to loop a rope around a rooftop plank so that he  can escape, Sikes is shot dead by the police as he tries to swing across from one rooftop to another. Oliver is reunited with Mr. Brownlow and Fagin makes up his mind to change his ways for good. Just as he's about to walk away a new man, Dodger approaches him with a wallet he stole earlier. They dance off into the sunrise together, happily determined to live out the rest of their days as thieves ("Reviewing the Situation  while Oliver returns home for good .