Mrs. Kay Miniver  and her family live a comfortable life at a house called "Starlings" in a village outside London. The house has a large garden, with a private landing stage on the river Thames, and a motorboat. Her husband Clem  is a successful architect. They have three children: the youngsters Toby and Judy , and an older son Vin  at university. They have live-in staff: Gladys the housemaid  and Ada the cook . As World War II looms, Vin comes down from university and meets Carol Beldon , granddaughter of Lady Beldon  from nearby Beldon Hall. Despite initial disagreements—mainly contrasting Vin's idealistic attitude to class differences with Carol's practical altruism—they fall in love. Vin proposes to Carol after a yacht club dinner-dance. They eventually marry, but as the war comes closer to home, Vin feels he must "do his bit" and enlists in the Royal Air Force, qualifying as a fighter pilot. He is posted to a base near to his parents' home. Together with other boat owners, Clem volunteers to take his motorboat to assist in the Dunkirk evacuation. One morning, Kay hears a plane crash nearby. The wounded, fanatical German pilot  hides in her garden and then holds her at gunpoint. She feeds him, calmly disarms him, and then calls the police. Soon after, Clem comes home. Lady Beldon meets with Kay to try and convince her to talk Vin out of marrying Carol. Lady Beldon is unsuccessful, and admits defeat when it occurs to her that there is nothing she can do to stop it. Later, Kay and her family hide in a bomb shelter during an air raid, and attempt to keep their minds off the bombing by reading Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, which Clem refers to as a "lovely story." After, parts of the house have been destroyed, and Vin comes home. At the flower show's competition, the entry of the local stationmaster Mr. Ballard  named the "Mrs. Miniver" rose is declared the winner over Lady Beldon's rose. Afterward, Kay and Carol drive Vin to join his squadron just as an air attack begins. On their return home, Kay stops the car; Carol is wounded in an attack from a German plane. She dies a few minutes after they reach home. Kay is devastated. When Vin returns from battle, he is told the terrible news. The local inhabitants assemble at the badly damaged church where their vicar  affirms their determination in a powerful sermon: {{cquote}} Vin then moves over to Mrs. Beldon and stands with her as the congregation stand in unity and sing "Onward, Christian Soldiers" at the top of their voices, while through a gaping hole in the bombed-out roof in the sky above can be seen flight after flight of RAF fighters in the V-for-Victory formation heading out to face the enemy.