Opening on the countertop, Bob the Tomato and Larry the Cucumber introduce the show with a letter, from Cody Gordan of Evergreen, Colorado who is having difficulty coming to terms with the introduction of a younger sibling. Larry answers by telling her about the stories he was told by his mother when he became an older brother. Larry then yells "ROLL FILM!" as the camera fades to the first story. In "Babysitter in De-Nile", Laura Carrot portrays Miriam, who wonders why people in the village refuse to acknowledge that her new baby brother Moses is a boy. She is forced to look after the baby because her parents and elder brother Aaron are working in the brickyards. She finds babysitting tougher than she thought and complains about her plight. But when Aaron is almost run down by a chariot, she learns the value of family. Once she learns that the Egyptians are taking away all the Hebrew baby boys, Miriam decides to hide Baby Moses in the Nile River. In the Silly Song, Larry tries to sing the blues with Blind Lemon Lincoln playing guitar and harmonica. However, Larry is just too happy to sing the blues. This irritates Blind Lemon who leaves at the end. Larry is joined shortly thereafter by his pet poodle and Oscar the Polish Caterer. In the main feature, "Duke and the Great Pie War", Larry plays Duke Duke from the Kingdom of Scone. He is terrible at jousting and enrolls in “Ye Old Knight School” for training and when he fails a jousting test he receives a disapproving look from the school's best royal knight and arrogant Otis the Elevated. While walking with his friend Lucas one day, he comes across the sweet Princess Petunia . Petunia is a Rhubarbarian who has been exiled from her own land and has taken refuge with her poor mother-in-law, Nona who is Duke's cousin. Duke is smitten with the exiled princess, despite her being a foreigner who is hated by Scone for her relatives fighting against them in the occurring Great Pie War. Nona reveals the history of the family with the fact that she is the wife of the king of the land of Scone; concluding that Duke is shockingly related to Otis the Elevated who refused to take care of his family and deliberately caused contreversary and the conflict that lead to the Great pie war thus ending up with Petunia and her in poverty. She gives him half of a key to the vault of the family castle and says that Otis was given the other half of it; and asks him to challenge Otis to a joust; wanting to take care of family and Petunia he willingly agrees and makes a gamble with Otis that whoever wins the joust gets both halves of the key . The next day the joust is set up and the audience arrives to watch. The contest involves multiple challenges, among them an obstacle course and a riddle from the Abbott of Costello. The obstacle course is won by Otis by 15 seconds to 67 and Duke is ridiculed by cheer leaders for standing up for a foreigner. Duke solves the riddle and Otis is catapulted into as Otis' assistant calls it "A Bucket-o-slime." With the contest tied Duke and Otis are required to joust each other using pies to determine the winner. Otis has superior skill, but when the crowd hears Otis' boasting of selfishness and ruthlessness about the audience, they change from Otis fans to Duke fans and Duke finds the motivation he needs to succeed. Duke's wits and dedication to family ultimately win him the competition and the crest and leaving Otis publicly humiliated and angered. In the end, he marries Petunia and he and Petunia live happily ever after in wealth and possibly the castle. Returning to the counter-top, Larry introduces his brothers, who then sing a three-part harmonized version of the "What Have We Learned" song and promptly leave . Then Qwerty gives a Bible verse, the same verse as from King George and the Ducky and the show ends.