On the countertop, Bob and Larry both get letters from two different kids. Bob gets a letter from a kid from Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, and Larry gets a letter from a kid from San Antonio, Texas about being bullied and what God says to do about it and start a couple of stories. In "Bully Trouble", Junior is a young boy who is discouraged when a big bully named Mount Gordon claims the playground as his own and threatens to pound anyone who trespasses. Back in his tree house, Junior starts daydreaming about being very heroic with Gordon always being the antagonist of his dreams. When he declares that he is not afraid, Dad comes and gives him advice on how to overcome his fears. Later, the kids return to the playground. Gordon appears and threatens to pound Junior every day. But soon, the other kids gain courage to stand up to Gordon as well. Gordon leaves and everyone cheers. In the Silly Love Song "Pizza Angel," Larry sends out for a pizza, but for some reason, it takes a long time to arrive. Larry sings about missing his pizza in the style of a teen tragedy. Towards the middle of the song, some pea angels appear as backup singers. Finally, Jimmy [Gourd] arrives and tells Larry that he couldn't find his house, so he got hungry and ate his pizza. The main feature, "Minnesota Cuke", begins with Minnesota searching for the Golden Carrot Nose of the Indomitable Snowman in the Himalayas. However, after a chain of events, his arch enemy, Professor Rattan, ends up swiping the Golden Carrot Nose and declaring, "Finders keepers!" At the Moose Lake, Minnesota Children's Museum, Minnesota complains about Rattan to his assistant, Martin. Then, a Parkman from New York City arrives to inform Minnesota about a plot to steal Samson's hairbrush, which is believed to possess the great powers of Samson. Apparently, Canadians want to use the power of the hairbrush to take over both halves of Niagara Falls. Assuming that Samson's strength came from his long hair, Minnesota decides he wants to use the power of the brush to get revenge on Rattan. Martin tries to tell him that the trip won't be about getting even with Rattan but Cuke rejects Martin's idea in favour of his own. The first stop in his search, is an ice cream shop in Malta. He seeks advice from an old friend, a former archaeologist named Julia. She gives him an address where he can find out more. Shortly after he leaves, Rattan arrives seeking the same information. When Julia refuses, Rattan sets the freezer to melt causing strawberry ice cream to flood the entire shop. Minnesota returns to save Julia, and she informs Minnesota they need to go to Seville. In the Barbershop of Seville, they are welcomed by barbers Figaro and Leo, who tell Minnesota of the Catacombs where the hairbrush is secluded. They offer him a map, which Rattan immediately steals. However, they also inform Minnesota of a shortcut to the Catacombs. Minnesota finds the hairbrush, but is confronted by Rattan , and the Parkman  who have captured Julia. Minnesota offers him the brush for Julia's freedom. Martin calls and claims that the brush has no power, that Samson's power came from God rather than the artifact. Minnesota and Julia escape the Catacombs but again run into Rattan and the Parkman. Figaro and Leo arrive with two Canadian Mounties who attempt to arrest Rattan, but Minnesota shows compassion by convincing them to let him go. This redeems Rattan, who offers the brush in return for friendship and Minnesota keeps it in Martin's Children's Museum. Back at the countertop the lessons learned are that sometimes we can't do anything to change a bully and that God doesn't want us to try to get even because that just make us bullies too but God wants to love them.