In the microscopical city of Whoville , everyone celebrates Christmas with much happiness and joy, with the exception of the cynical and misanthropic Grinch , who despises Christmas and the Whos with great wrath and occasionally pulls dangerous and harmful practical jokes on them. As a result, no one likes or cares for him. Cindy Lou , an 8-year-old girl, believes everyone is missing the point about Christmas. After becoming aware of the Grinch's existence, she starts to create interest in the Grinch and his history, asking everyone what they know about him, and soon discovers that he has a tragic past. He actually comes from a mistake by a wrong wind when he was a baby, and is adopted by two elderly sisters. Although he shows some sadistic tendencies as a child, he was not the cruel and selfish person who he became; he was ridiculed by classmates (mostly by Augustus May Who  because of his appearance - with the exception of Martha May Whovier . Before he shaves his chin after remembering what all the kids said, he made a gift for Martha. When everyone sees The Grinch's face covered with shaving tape the next morning, he becomes an outcast. He loses his temper and runs away to live on Mt. Crumpit. Cindy, touched by this story, decides to make the Grinch the main participant of the Whobilation, to the great displeasure of Augustus, who reluctantly agrees. But when she offers an invitation to the Grinch, he turns down her offer. He gradually changes his mind, however, and arrives late to the proceedings. But just as the Grinch is enjoying himself, Augustus not only proposes to Martha in marriage, but also gives the Grinch an electric shaver as a bad joke, causing him to ruin the party and upset Cindy Lou. The Grinch is pleased with his rampage, but much to his dismay, he soon realizes that his attack does not remove the spirit of Christmas from them, and that they will celebrate the commemoration of the Christmas tomorrow. Angry with the idea of spending another Christmas in his cave, the Grinch deduces that the Whos only celebrate Christmas because of their extravagant gifts, and he decides to steal all their belongings while they sleep. Creating a Santa suit and sleigh, the Grinch's burglary is successful, but he forces Max to pull all the things stolen when his flying sleigh runs out of fuel. The next day, the Whos discover the Grinch's scheme, and Augustus takes the opportunity to denounce Cindy Lou as the root of the whole catastrophe. However her father, Lou Lou Who , reminds everyone that they still have the Christmas spirit - the one thing that does not come from a store - and that the principal meaning of Christmas is to spend it with family and friends, and not about giving or receiving gifts and putting up decorations. The people accept his speech, and begin to sing. The Grinch plots to destroy all the stolen gifts after he hears the Whos crying. However, he hears the joyful singing of the Whos. Frustrated at the failure of his plan, the Grinch realizes that Christmas means much more than mere material gifts, an insight that profoundly touches him and makes his heart grow three times its original size. However, the stolen gifts nearly fall off the cliff, and the Grinch desperately tries to save them. Having decided to help the Grinch, Cindy says that "nobody should be alone on Christmas". This provides the Grinch with enough strength to lift the gifts right over his head. After a long descent, the Grinch appears along with Cindy and the gifts, explains what has transpired and apologizes for his practical jokes. The Whos forgive the Grinch, while Martha turns down Augustus's proposal and decides to stay with the Grinch. The redeemed Grinch starts a new life with the Whos, and commemorates the Christmas feast with them in his cave.