 Carrie White is a shy, friendless teenage girl abused by her unstable religious fanatic mother Margaret. The girls at Bates High School also harass Carrie, with Chris Hargensen being especially cruel at her. One day at the school, Carrie experiences her first period while showering after gym class, and, because of her sheltered life, becomes hysterical, thinking she is dying. Chris and another popular girl, Sue Snell notice Carrie's horror. Rather than help, they and the other girls throw tampons and sanitary pads at her before the gym teacher, Miss Collins intervenes. As Carrie becomes more frantic, a light bulb bursts just before Miss Collins makes the other girls leave. Miss Collins brings Carrie to Principal Morton's office. While consoling her, Principal Morton repeatedly calls Carrie "Cassie", unintentionally emphasizing how overlooked she is. When Carrie corrects the principal in a rage, an ashtray from the principal's desk flips onto the floor. While Carrie is walking home, a neighborhood boy taunts her and then instantly crashes his bike, breaking his ankle. Margaret, Carrie's mother, receives a call from Miss Collins about the incident in the locker room. Margaret attacks Carrie and yells at her that the "curse of blood" is a big punishment for sin. She locks Carrie in a closet and forces her to pray. That night, a miserable and sad Carrie stares at her bedroom mirror until it shatters. The next day, English teacher Mr. Fromm reads a poem to the class written by Sue's athletic boyfriend Tommy Ross. Fromm invites the class to critique Tommy's work, but mocks Carrie when she calls it "beautiful", which irks Tommy, who defends Carrie. Sue, feeling guilty for teasing Carrie, convinces Tommy to take Carrie to the prom. Meanwhile, Miss Collins berates the girls who tormented Carrie, subjecting them to a week-long boot-camp-style detention, threatening them with suspension from school and the prom if they do not attend. All the girls show remorse except for Chris, who throws a fit to Miss Collins. Miss Collins has her banned from the prom. Although her rich lawyer father tries to lift the ban, it is unsuccessfull. Meanwhile, after another few incidents, Carrie suspects she may have telekinesis, and researches it in the library on the subject and how to control it. In there, Tommy spots Carrie and asks her to go to prom with him, but she rejects him, fearing another trick from Sue. After a pep talk from Miss Collins, Carrie accepts Tommy's invitation. Carrie goes home, makes her own dress, and tells her mother she is going to the prom, but Margaret declares the prom an occasion of sin, refusing to let her attend. However, Carrie causes the windows of the house to slam shut, revealing her telekinesis. Margaret believes this is Satan's power, but Carrie insists she will go to the prom. Meanwhile, on the prom night, Chris tells her delinquent boyfriend, Billy Nolan, that she wants revenge on Carrie. She goes with Billy and other kids to a farm, where Billy breaks in and kills a pig. After draining the pig's blood into a bucket, Billy drives to the school with Chris, breaks in over the roof and places the bucket above the stage, with Chris holding the rope and waiting for Carrie. Chris makes a deal with her friend, Norma Watson, and Billy's friend, Freddy, to rig the prom king and queen election so that Tommy and Carrie will win. As Carrie prepares for the evening, her mother tells her everyone will laugh at her. Carrie leaves with Tommy. Though her classmates are surprised to see Carrie at the prom, they treat her as an equal. Sue, who was unable to attend due to lacking a date, sneaks into the prom to ensure everything goes well for Carrie. To Carrie's surprise, she and Tommy are named prom king and queen. As the couple approaches the stage, Sue discovers Chris holding a rope attached to the bucket of pig's blood. Miss Collins forces Sue out, believing she is there for mischief. As the crown is placed on Carrie's head and she kisses Tommy, Chris pulls the rope and Carrie is drenched in pig's blood. As the crowd looks on in silence, Tommy is knocked unconscious by the bucket that falls down, and Carrie sees the whole room laughing and jeering at her, when it is implied that only a few of Chris's friends are actually doing so. Carrie, overcomed by shame and rage, shifs and her telekinesis takes over her mind, closing the doors to the gym and turning on a fire hose, spraying few of the kids. Chris and Billy's friends are knocked out by the fire hose along with many other people, and Miss Collins is killed by a falling ceiling rafter. Chris and Billy sneak out of the school stage and run away. Principal Morton and Mr. Fromm are electrocuted when the electrocuted rope touches the floor, which causes a fire in the gym. Leaving her classmates inside the school as it burns, Carrie walks home covered in blood. As she walks through the street, Billy and Chris, running away, spot her. Chris urges Billy to kill her, and he tries to run her over. Carrie flips over the car, which explodes. At home, Carrie breaks down in her mother's arms. However, by this time Margaret has gone completely insane; believing the devil has taken over Carrie, Margaret brings the girl to her knees and stabs Carrie in the back. Carrie falls down the stairs and is cornered in the kitchen by her mother, who takes the knife, but she sends kitchen knives flying at her mother, killing her and having her body shaped in the form of the crucified Saint Sebastian. Overcome with guilt and grief, Carrie uses her last ounce of strength to collapse the house upon her and her mother, committing suicide. Some time later, Sue, the only survivor of the prom, dreams of visiting the plot where Carrie's house stood. As she places flowers on the ground, a bloody hand grabs Sue's wrist. The movie ends with Sue waking up screaming in her mother's arms.