Upon receiving their honorable discharges from the British Army in 1918 Palestine, an expedition is made by Professor Holly , young Leo Vincey ([[John Richardson  and their manservant Job , into a previously unexplored region of north-east Africa. This, in turn, leads them to the lost city of Kuma after Leo receives a mysterious coin revealing the city's whereabouts. This lost realm is ruled by Ayesha , who is also known as "She-who-must-be-Obeyed". Ayesha is an immortal queen and former high priestess, who sees Leo as the identical reincarnation of her former lover, the priest Kallikrates . Ayesha tries to convince Leo to walk into a bonfire after it has turned blue, which happens once certain astronomical conditions have occurred, which are not fully explained in the film. It will only remain in this condition for a short period and only happens on certain rare occasions. By entering the fire, Leo himself will become immortal. As this is occurring, Ayesha's army is attacked by her enslaved tribesmen, the Amahagger. Ayesha had oppressed the Amahagger for 2,000 years, but the uprising was triggered by the queen's executing the beautiful Ustane . A humble young woman, Ustane had fallen in love with Leo. Ustane's father Haumeid,  a former captain of the palace guard who, like his daughter, had befriended Leo, Holly and Job, is naturally outraged; he leads the attack of the Amahagger. Ayesha's army appears overwhelmed during the fierce battle against the badly equipped, but numerous barbarians. Leo meanwhile, battles Bilali , Ayesha's fanatical chief priest, who wants immortality for himself, believing it is his due after his years of selfless service. After battling Leo and giving him up for dead, Bilali attempts to enter the blue flames and become immortal when he is killed by Ayesha who spears him in the back. Ayesha takes Leo's hand and leads him into the fire, as Leo has been reluctant to embrace Ayesha's promises of immortality and power. Upon entering the fire, Leo becomes immortal. However, the same fire destroys Ayesha's immortality, and she dies as the centuries catch up with her and she ages millennia in a few seconds. The film ends with a despondent Leo stating that he doesn't care when the fire will next burn blue , but it will find him waiting.