The plot begins on Christmas Eve, with ex-con Felix  running from his angry, pregnant girlfriend Gracie  as she chases him down the road. He accidentally runs into and damages a Christmas tree carried by two rollerbladers . When an argument breaks out among them, stranger Philip  unsuccessfully attempts to calm them down. They soon disperse. Philip, head of the suicide-prevention hotline "Lifesavers," receives an eviction notice from his landlord, Stanley  after being unable to pay the organization's rent for several months. In addition to him, the hotline is staffed by cranky Mrs. Munchnik  and the overly emotional and empathetic Catherine . He, who does not inform his coworkers of the eviction, attempts to convince his girlfriend Susan   to grant him a small loan. She refuses the loan before telling him that she has been secretly dating a psychiatrist for four months and is breaking up with him. Despite Catherine's expectation that "you'd expect everyone to be thinking of jumping out of windows or slitting their wrists on Christmas Eve," the staff has received few calls. There is one phone call from a woman who is frightened by a notorious Los Angeles serial killer dubbed "the Seaside Strangler," and another from Chris , a transvestite, who convinces Philip to disclose Lifesavers' office address. Meanwhile, an elevator malfunction leaves Mrs. Munchnik trapped on her way to Christmas Eve dinner. Philip eventually manages to pull her to the top of the elevator car when Gracie arrives and attempts to operate it. They are terrified that they will be crushed by the ceiling of the elevator shaft, but eventually they all manage to return to the office. Felix arrives, begging Gracie to listen to him, and she throws a fruitcake at him, causing a large cut on his forehead. Philip and Catherine take him to a veterinarian to be treated for his head wound. While the doctor is distracted, he steals and quickly overdoses on dog tranquilizers and is taken to a hospital. Meanwhile at the office, the doorbell rings. Gracie quickly throws the door open, accidentally striking Mrs. Munchnik and revealing Chris in the doorway. She leaves him to care for the unconscious Mrs. Munchnik. When Philip returns, Chris is sitting on the sofa and convinces him to dance with him. When Mrs. Munchnik revives, she witnesses the dancing and threatens to sue Philip for withholding information of the eviction and for "inappropriate office behavior" before leaving. Felix arrives at the office brandishing a gun, having escaped from the hospital. Chris gets shot in the foot after attempting to disarm him. Gracie takes it and shoots wildly around the office to empty it of ammunition. Two shots go through the front door, killing Stanley, who was standing behind it with a bag of his possessions. The sight of the deceased Stanley puts Catherine in shock. Philip prepares a bath to calm her down, realizes that he is strongly attracted to her, and they have sex. Gracie and Felix disguise the dead body as a Christmas tree, and the decision is made to take the "tree" and the bag to the boardwalk and leave it there. As they all carry the body down the street, they encounter the now-vengeful rollerbladers, who barrel through the group. Felix tosses the tree and it crashes to the ground, revealing Stanley's body. When the police arrive, he falsely confesses to the killing, but Gracie pulls out the gun as proof of her guilt. He grabs it and runs to the roof of a nearby building, where he threatens to commit suicide. Philip soon convinces him to climb down, to much applause. Catherine hands Stanley's bag to the detectives, who search it. They find fishing line and kelp, the weapons of choice for the Seaside Strangler. For killing the criminal, Gracie will receive the reward of $250,000. She offers to pay for Lifesavers' moving expenses, then promptly goes into labor. She gives birth in the first few hours of Christmas Day in a scene that resembles the Christian nativity scene. Philip then asks Catherine to marry him.