In London, a serial killer is raping women and strangling them with neckties. Most of the film takes place in Covent Garden, which at the time was still the wholesale fruit and vegetable market district. Fairly early in the film, the audience sees that fruit merchant Robert Rusk ([[Barry Foster  is in fact the murderer. However, circumstantial guilt has already built up around his friend, Richard Blaney . Blaney's ex-wife Brenda  runs a matchmaking service that Rusk used until he was blacklisted for beating up his dates. One day, Rusk shows up at her office and tries to seduce her; when she spurns his advances, he rapes and strangles her in a fit of rage. Suspicion falls on Blaney, who had earlier threatened her in public. The subsequent murder of Blaney's girlfriend, Barbara "Babs" Milligan , occurs off-screen: the audience sees her entering Rusk's apartment with him, but the camera then pulls back down the stairs all the way out to the other side of the street. The audience next sees Rusk at night carrying a large sack and lifting it into the back of a lorry among sacks of unsold potatoes bound for Lincolnshire. Rusk soon finds that his distinctive jeweled tie pin  is missing, and realises that Babs must have torn it off as he was murdering her. He climbs into the back of the lorry, but it starts off on its journey north. The killer desperately scrabbles through the sack of potatoes to find the dead woman's hand. Rigor mortis has set in, and he has to break her fingers in order to prise the pin from her grasp. Blaney is jailed, while protesting his innocence. Chief Inspector Oxford , the detective investigating the murders, reconsiders the previous events and begins to believe that he has arrested the wrong man. He discusses the case with his wife  in several scenes of black humour concerning her ineptitude as a cook. Blaney escapes from prison. Oxford knows he will head to Rusk's flat for revenge, and immediately goes there. Before this, Blaney arrives to find that the door to the flat is unlocked. He creeps in and sees what appears to be Rusk asleep in bed; he strikes the body twice with a metal bar. However, we see that the body is in fact the corpse of another of Rusk's female victims. Oxford bursts through the door. Blaney is still standing by the corpse holding the metal bar. They hear Rusk carrying something large and heavy up the staircase, so the two men wait in the flat. When Rusk enters, he is dragging a large trunk to cart away the body. The film ends with Oxford's urbane but pointed comment, "Mr. Rusk, you're not wearing your tie."