Jessie McMullen  is a Scotch-Irish American widower who emigrated with his Sicilian wife to New York in September 1946. A lovable rogue,incorrigible womaniser and tough guy, Jessie is proud of his criminal past and lifestyle. He raised his son Vito  to follow in his footsteps, but Vito went straight at 21 when Adam his son was born. Vito now runs a thriving wholesale Twelfth Avenue meat packing warehouse and has left his criminal past behind him. Over the years, Vito became ashamed of his family's criminal past. He went into a legitimate business, married his middle class Jewish sweetheart and has tried to raise his son Adam right, which in his mind means keeping young Adam  away from his criminally minded yet charming grandfather. Little does Vito know that this strategy has backfired, the mystery surrounding Jessie, coupled with his strict educational upbringing has caused Adam to idolize his grandfather and romanticise his exciting lifestyle. Now that Adam is grown up  and makes him pay. In the meanwhile a crestfallen Vito gives in to his wife's suggestion that he give himself and his father up, and rats Jessie out, as well as giving himself up. A judge finds all three McMullens to be at fault, but after generously placing both Vito and his son on probation, he throws the book at Jessie,giving him a 15 year sentence- tantamount to a life sentence. Adam visits his grandfather devotedly in jail while banning Vito from his life. Vito's explanations that he did what he did, he did for Adam's own good, fall on deaf ears as Adam calls him a "piece of garbage" and lambasts him for "ratting out his own father". Jessie dies in prison, as Vito arrives minutes too late to say a last goodbye. As the body is being carted away, Vito makes a last dash in vain to intercept the body on its way to the morgue. He falls just short as the prison gates shut behind him and he breaks down in tears. Vito and Adam eventually make their peace months later. Vito agrees with Adam that the most fun they have had as a family was the caper. Together they give Jessie a grand sendoff.