In 1965, a series of mysterious and devastating incidents are happening on Earth. These incidents range from a railroad bridge levitated off the ground causing a train wreck in Japan; an ocean liner lifted out of the Panama Canal by a waterspout, destroying it; severe flooding in Venice, Italy; and the destruction of the J-SS3 space station. An international meeting is called at the Space Research Center in Japan. Major Ichiro Katsumiya, Professor Adachi and Dr. Richardson open the conference and describe the disasters, adding that the survivors suffered from extreme frostbite. Dr. Richardson theorizes that some unknown force lowered the temperatures of the objects so as to lower the Earth's gravitational pull: thus making the objects easier to lift, regardless of their size and weight. Katsumiya determines that such an action could only be accomplished by a force beyond the earth. Dr. Ahmed, an Iranian delegate at the meeting reacts as though suffering from a severe headache and slips away. Ahmed walks outside to a courtyard in a daze. Etsuko sees him and watches in horror as he is enveloped in a red light coming from the sky. Astronaut Iwomura comes in and Etsuko tells him what happened but Ahmed is nowhere to be seen. Back at the conference, it is believed that aliens might be behind the disasters and it's suggested that the Earth be prepared militarily. Dr. Ahmed appears and tries to sabotage the heat ray experiments held at the meeting. He is caught before completing his mission. He briefly takes Etsuko hostage and warns them that the Earth will soon become a colony of the planet, Natal. Ahmed's hand is injured and he makes a run for it. However, a Natalian saucer appears near the center and vaporizes him, but forensics find a tiny radio transmitter that was put in him. The transmissions locate the suspect aliens on the moon. The U.N. decides to launch two rocket ships, called SPIPs, to the Moon on a reconnaissance mission. En route, both ships are attacked by remotely-controlled meteors called 'space torpedoes'. Iwomura, a member of SPIP-1, is also under mind control by the aliens. He is caught trying to disable the rocket's weapons and is tied up. Both SPIPs avoid the meteors and are given a warning by the Natals not to land on the moon, but it is ignored. Once the rockets land on the moon, the two teams look for the alien base in lunar rovers. Meanwhile Iwomura has untied himself and blown up SPIP-1. They find a cave on foot and locate the Natals' base in a deep crater. Etsuko is temporarily captured by the Natalians but is saved by Katsumiya. A beam weapon battle erupts as the teams attack the base. The Natal base is destroyed which frees Iwomura of the aliens' mind control. Feeling guilty, Iwomura stays behind to give covering fire. He dies, but SPIP-2 escapes. Back on Earth, the world prepares for a final conflict against the Natalians. Scout Ships and Atomic Heat Cannons are built to battle the invasion fleet. Eventually, the Natal saucers and their mother ship approach the earth. Squadrons of Scout Ships are sent up into space and have a massive dogfight with them. The Natal Mother ship sends space torpedoes that hit New York and San Francisco. The mother ship tears up Tokyo with its anti-gravity beam. The remaining saucers and mother ship advance on the Space Research Center. The Atomic Heat Cannons finally destroy the mother ship and the Earth is saved.