In Bhind in 1968,Let us Know Someting About It In Detail. The real life Phoolan Devi was born in 1963 and was married when she was about 11. See Phoolan Devi for more details Phoolan is married to a twenty-something fellow called Puttilal . Though child marriages are customary during that time, Phoolan's mother Moola  objects to the timing of the match. Phoolan's aging father Devideen  mercilessly agrees, and Phoolan is sent off with Puttilal. Phoolan is exposed to some sexual and exploitative abuses, including the caste system.  Puttilal is physically and sexually abusive, and Phoolan eventually runs away and returns home. As Phoolan grows older, she faces incidents of  fondling and groping from the Thakur men . At the next town meeting, the panchayat wield their patriarhcal authority to banish Phoolan from the village, since she will not consent to the sexual advances of the higher caste males, who treat her like sub-human chattel. Accordingly, Phoolan leaves with her cousin Kailash . En route to another village, she encounters a troop of dakus  of the Babu Gujjar gang, led by Vikram Mallah Mastana . Phoolan stays with Kailash for a while, but is eventually compelled to leave. Angry and hopeless, Phoolan goes to the local cops , but she is beaten, molested, and arrested by the cops, who rape her while in custody. The Thakurs put up bail and have her released. But, unknown to her, the bail is a bribe , and Babu Gujjar arrives to collect his prize. In May 1979, Phoolan is abducted by Babu Gujjar . Gujjar is a ruthless, imposingly-statured mercenary. Although Gujjar's lieutenant Vikram is sympathetic towards Phoolan, Gujjar indiscriminately brutalizes and humiliates her, until one day Vikram catches him raping her  and shoots him in the head. Vikram takes over the gang, and his empathy for Phoolan eventually grows into a mutually respectful mature adult relationship. Around this time, Phoolan revisits her former husband Puttilal, and with Vikram's help, abducts him and exacts her justice for his rape and abuse, beating him up. She shares her closure with Vikram. All goes well until Thakur Shri Ram  is released from prison. Thakur Shri Ram is the real gang leader . Shri Ram returns to his gang and while Vikram receives him with respect, Shri Ram bristles at Vikram's egalitarian leadership style and covets Phoolan. In August 1980, Shri Ram arranges to have Vikram assassinated, and abducts Phoolan, bringing her to the village of Behmai. Phoolan is repeatedly raped and beaten by Shri Ram and by the rest of the gang members, as punishment for her "disrespect" for his previous advances, and for her audacity at being an equal. The stunning and disturbing final humiliation and punishment is that she is stripped, paraded around Behmai, beaten and sent to fetch water from the well . A severely traumatised Phoolan returns to her cousin Kailash. She recovers gradually, and seeks out Man Singh , an old friend of Vikram Mallah. Man Singh brings her to another large gang, led by Baba Mustakim . She relates her history to Baba and asks him for some men and weapons to form a gang. Baba Mustakim agrees, and Man Singh and Phoolan become the leaders for the new gang. Phoolan leads her new gang with courage, generosity, humility and shrewdness. Her stockpile and her legend grows. She becomes known as Phoolan Devi, the bandit queen. In February 1981, Baba Mustakim informs her of a large wedding in Behmai, with Thakur Shri Ram in attendance. As Phoolan departs, Baba Mustakim warns her to remain low key. Phoolan attacks the wedding party and her gang exacts revenge from the entire Thakur clan of Behmai. They round up the men and beat them up. Many of the men are finally shot. This act of vengeance brings her to the attention of the national law enforcement authorities . The top police officials now begin a massive manhunt for Phoolan, and Thakur Shri Ram relishes the opportunity to come to their aid. The manhunt claims many lives in Phoolan's gang. They are ultimately forced to hide out in the rugged ravines of Chambal without any food or water. Phoolan evaluates her options and decides to surrender. Her terms are to have her remaining mates protected and provided for . The film ends with Phoolan's surrender in February 1983. The end credits indicate that all the charges against her were withdrawn , and that she was released in 1994.