It's every high school baseball team's dream to go to the legendary Koshien Stadium Tournament. For the first time in years, Seido High School has a chance&mdash;star player Gorrila Matsui has finally given the team an opportunity to succeed. Most delighted at this prospect is Principal Kocho. His hopes are dashed, however, when the Head teacher reveals to him that the first game will be played against the infamous Gedo High School."Head Teacher" is only ever referred to by this title. This title-in-place-of-name system is standard in the Japanese language Gedo is notorious for its brutal killings during games. They hardly play at all, instead engaging in a form of martial arts combat called "fighting baseball". Their matches erupt into brutal battlefields, Gedo slaughtering its opponents in any way possible, and the competing team vainly struggling for their lives. The Gedo team is almost inhuman in its slaughter, their bizarre weapons and attire coupled with their green-grey skin only increase this reputation. Understandably, Kocho is distressed&mdash;not only at the likely murder of his students, but at yet another chance to win the Koshien Stadium Tournament having been lost. Much to his delight, however, is the appearance of mysterious newcomer Jubeh, played by Tak Sakaguchi. Jubeh rescues Four Eyes , played by Atsushi Itō, from a gang of expelled students, beating Bancho  and catching Kocho's eye.Another recurring element in the film is a drunk man, usually seen laughing uproariously at whatever event has just occurred. He is always accompanied by his dog. At the end of the film, it is revealed through narration that the drunk died of alcohol poisoning during the final confrontation between the antagonists and protagonists. He also states that the drunk was "[his] master", implying that the dog has been the narrator of the entire film. Andy Klein of the L.A. City Beat called this the film's "best joke". http://www.lacitybeat.com/article.php?id102 He begs and pleads with Jubeh to join the team to help them defeat Gedo, but he steadfastly refuses. During this time Kocho and Jubeh are also confronted by a resurrected Bancho, though his "face changed". Bancho joins the team, explaining that the injuries that prevented him from playing baseball were cured by Jubeh's punches. When confronted by Four Eyes, Jubeh reveals why he has stopped playing baseball&ndash;in song. He musically laments his pitching skill, explaining how he became so skilled he was a danger to himself and others. Only his father, his hand confined to an absurdly huge catcher's mitt, will allow Jubeh to pitch. He soon regrets this, however, when an accidental ball to the head kills him. Jubeh vows never to pitch again. Despite this sorowful story, Four Eyes insists that Jubeh join the team, explaining his own plight. His mother hates baseball, and would be furious if he were to play. As a result, he must keep his presence on the Seido team a secret. Four Eyes' sheer love for the game touches Jubeh deeply, and he joins the team. Jubeh gets there in time to hear Gorilla's last words.During this speech, the letters that make up the word "Seido" on Gorilla's uniform are strewn about to indicate the trauma that he has experienced. Finding a body he believes to be Four Eyes', Jubeh laments the loss, before realising that it's in fact a Gedo trap. The "body" explodes, hurling Jubeh across the field, sending him to an early grave. Jubeh finds himself in a sepia-toned small town street in the afterlife. He sees a man he has not seen for some time&ndash;his father. He convinced Jubeh to embrace his pitching skills, and defeat Gedo once and for all. Jubeh pledges to do so as he watches his father ride off. Returning from the afterlife, he introduces his pitch, dubbed the "Super Tornado". Bancho also returns, again, this time as a child. He too met Jubeh's father in the afterlife, and was given his catcher's mitt. In the meantime, somehow Four Eyes' mother has discovered that he was on the baseball team. Keeping him locked up in a cage, she watches over him day & night. Jubeh comes to his rescue, fighting his mother. He confronts her, asking her why she hates baseball so much. She reveals that her husband was killed by a baseball pitcher. All three come to a sudden realization&mdash;They are family. In jubilation, Four Eyes' mother gives him permission to play. and the sun begins to shine. However, this peace is soon is interrupted by one member of the Gedo team, his head wrapped in bandages. He guns down everyone on the field, firing randomly and hitting everything in sight, including his own teammates. Jubeh manages to escape only through his own dexterity and the gunman's limited ammo. Looking around in outrage, Jubeh sheds a tear. As cherry blossoms fall, everyone on the field returns to life, before Jubeh attacks the bandaged gunman, literally knocking the muscles off his bones. Joyously, the crowd celebrates, and the narrator states that they lived happily ever after&mdash;Including the one person on the field that day who wasn't resurrected by Jubeh's tears.