Several years after the demon outbreak of the first film, German television broadcasts a special dramatization of the events of that night. In this film, several teens trespass into a city that was deserted as a result of the outbreak. Finding the lifeless corpse of a demon, one of the teens accidentally causes it to revive by its own blood. In reality, frustrated party girl Sally Day  locks herself in her bedroom when her boyfriend doesn't attend her birthday party. As her friends try to persuade her to return to the party, she watches the television broadcast. Suddenly, the demon notices her, climbs through the television and attacks her. Sally is transformed into a demon, then attacks her friends, turning all but two of them into vile, bloodthirsty monsters. The creatures' bile begins to seep through the building, burning through the ceiling and into other apartments and shorting out the electrical system. In one apartment, a dog licks up the bile and transforms into a vicious beast that attacks and kills its owner. A young boy left alone by his parents manages to avoid Sally and her rampaging demon friends, but is ultimately poisoned by the bile and becomes a monster. The boy attacks Hannah , a pregnant woman waiting for her husband to come home. She manages to kill the demon boy, but a flying demon bursts out of his body to further terrorize her. Her husband, George , has been trapped in the elevator with another woman . They plan to escape through a service hatch, but a demon bursts through the elevator door and infects the woman. She in turn attacks George but he is able to kill her before making his way to his and Hannah's apartment in time to kill the flying demon with an umbrella. Meanwhile, a group of bodybuilders led by gym instructor Hank  have barricaded themselves in the underground car park, along with a group of tenants. Unable to break down the garage doors, they decide to stand their ground and try to defend themselves with makeshift weapons, such as Molotov cocktails and a few shotguns. The demons eventually make it down to the garage and force their way in. Although they heavily outnumber the demons, the uninfected are relatively easily defeated and are either turned into demons themselves or killed. The infected start making their way back up the building. George causes a leak in the gas pipes and causes an explosion that kills all the infected except Sally. Hannah and George search for a way out and go into Sally's apartment, finding the original two partygoers that had hidden. The group make their way to the roof but are stopped by Sally. She infects the two partygoers but George manages to dispatch them. George and Hannah lower themselves to the roof of an adjacent building, fighting Sally as they go. Inside the neighboring building Hannah gives birth to the couple's child. George defeats the resilient Sally in mortal combat, and he and Hannah make their way outside with their newborn child.