Thuringia, Germany, in the early 20th century. A group of young girls are brought up in a college within dark forests and gloomy dull lakes. Young Hidalla and her friends Irene, Vera, Blanka, Melusine and Rain are brought up in an isolated world: the girls don't know anything about life outside the college's broad and high walls. They play near a beautiful waterfall and are ordered not to make contact with the servants, categorized as inferior people that wears masks to cover their faces. The girls are taught in the art of dance and music. Years later Irene and Hidalla had begun a love relationship and are caught kissing in the school grounds by the servants. Vera begins thinking that she descends from royalty and unravels her origins but finds that she was wrong. The six girls attempt to escape from the school but are confronted by the guard dogs that attack and kill Melusine. The girls are informed that they are going to hold a ballet presentation to a duke. The girl with the best performance is going to be released from the school. A messenger is sent to check the girls strength, in reality she gropes them. The prima ballerina is chosen to be Blanka, but Irene, feeling Hidalla rightfully deserved the position, reveals to the Headmistress that she is sexually involved with another student, which turns out to be true after she stumbles upon them. After this, Hidalla is chosen as the prima ballerina. When the ballet is finally held, the Prince becomes aroused by Hidalla's performance and tosses a rose to the stage. Intrigued, Hidalla keeps performing strong. Terrified by this, Irene commits suicide minutes before the final act. Shocked and enraged, Hidalla sets fire to the theater during the final act and is carried out by the Prince. The Headmistress is told that she is to be fired, but while waiting in an official's office, she has a small glass of scotch and shoots herself in the mouth. Hidalla is taken to the Prince's palace, where he brutally rapes her. The next morning she escapes the palace, only to stumble upon the school. She screams as she realizes her fate and the fate of the other girls: to become concubines for wealthy men, mostly the Prince. The last shot is a horse carriage, possibly carrying young baby girls to the school, coming through the gate, with the doors slamming behind it.