Ajay , is a wannabe kabbadi champion who is the son of Deputy Commissioner of Police Vijay Varma . Vijay is not fond of his son, constantly chiding him for his lack of interest in studies and his love for kabaddi. His mother Vasundhara ([[Geetha , on the other hand, dotes on him and his younger sister Aasha  is the typical sharp and inquisitive schoolgirl, constantly getting Ajay into trouble with his father, but nevertheless still adores him. In Kurnool, there is a ruthless factionalist leader Obul Reddy , who is obsessed with a beautiful girl Swapna  and would do anything to marry her. Obul Reddy kills Swapna's elder brother as he rejects his offer to marry Swapna. Then Swapna's younger brother also gets killed by Obul Reddy when he tries to avenge his brother's murder. Swapna’s father Dasaradha Rami Reddy ([[Chandra Mohan  is a meek person who gets horrified by Obul Reddy’s acts and asks Swapna to go away from the place and lead a peaceful life at her uncle’s place in the USA by giving her the necessary certificates and money. Obul Reddy catches her when she starts fleeing because by coincidence Swapna gets into one of the lorries owned by him. At this juncture, Ajay- who is in Kurnool to play in a kabaddi tournament- rescues Swapna from the hands of Obul Reddy and takes her to Hyderabad. Ajay takes Swapna to his house and hides her in his room, unknown to his family. Ajay, with the help of his friends, arranges passport, visa and flight tickets for Swapna so that she can go to the USA. Meanwhile, Obul Reddy and his brother , who happens to be the Home Minister, ask Vijay to search for Swapna and the apparent kidnapper. When Vijay finds out that it's his own son who did the crime, Ajay and Swapna run away and hide in the Charminar. Swapna has by now fallen in love with Ajay, and has been accepted by Ajay's mother and sister. So she is reluctant to go to the USA. Ajay however, is adamant on sending her to the USA and he, along with his friends, get Swapna to the airport in time for her flight before their kabaddi match against Punjab in the final of the National League. Vijay, enraged that his son is a wanted criminal and yet is playing in a kabaddi match, goes to the stadium to arrest Ajay. By now, Ajay too has fallen in love with Swapna and begins to miss her, only to spot her in the stadium during the match. Ajay's lack of focus in the game is replaced by his best on seeing Swapna, winning Andhra Pradesh the championship. After winning the championship, Ajay is arrested by his father, but is then stopped by Obul Reddy, who wants to fight Ajay, having been incited by Swapna to do so to prove his worth. During the fight, Obul Reddy accidentally falls on a floodlight, killing him. The movie ends with Ajay and Swapna finally united.