The US Army is conducting a fighting retreat. A high bridge spans a ravine on the Bataan peninsula. After the army and some civilians cross, a group of thirteen hastily-assembled volunteers from different units is assigned to blow it up and delay Japanese rebuilding efforts as long as possible. The soldiers are a mixed lot, including a Mexican-American California National Guardsman Pvt. Felix Ramirez , Pvt. Wesley Epps, a black demolitions expert , Pvt. Matthew Hardy, a conscientious objector in the Medical Corps , Pvt. Francis X. Matowski, an engineer , Pvt. "Yankee" Salazar, a Philippine Scout , Pvt. Sam Molloy, a cook , Corporal Jake Feingold ([[Thomas Mitchell   and Seaman Leonard Purckett, a naive young navy musician ([[Robert Walker . Sergeant Bill Dane ([[Robert Taylor  is from the regular 31st Infantry, while Corporal Barney Todd  claims to be a signalman. However, Dane suspects him of being a pre-war acquaintance, a soldier accused of murder who had escaped while being guarded by then-military policeman Dane. They dig in on a hillside and blow up the bridge, but their commander, cavalry Captain Henry Lassiter , is killed by a sniper, leaving Dane in charge. One by one, the defenders are killed, with one, Pvt. Felix Ramirez, succumbing to malaria. There is also tension between Sgt Dane and Cpl Todd due to their past, neither acknowledging their past ought right despite both knowing it and knowing they recognise each other, Army Air Corps pilot Lieutenant Steve Bentley  and his Filipino mechanic, Corporal Juan Katigbak , work frantically to repair an airplane. They succeed, but Katigbak is killed and Bentley is mortally wounded. He has them load explosives aboard, takes off and deliberately crashes his plane into the bridge's foundation. The remaining soldiers repel a massive frontal assault. Epps and Feingold are killed in the battle, with Epps being beheaded by a samurai sword and Feingold being caught in a burst of machinegun fire. Purckett and Todd are later killed by Japanese soldiers who had feigned being dead, leaving only Sergeant Dane. Before he dies, Todd admits to Dane that he is actually Dan Burns, the soldier who had escaped from Dane's custody. Now alone Dane stoically digs his own marked grave beside those of his fallen comrades and waits in it set up a heavy machine gun as well as his personal weapon a Tommy Gun. The Japanese troops crawl close to his position before opening fire and charging at Dane. Dane fires back first with his Tommy Gun screaming that despite what the Japanese may have thought "Were still here.....well always be here, why don't you come and get us!" then with the machine gun at the onrushing enemy as the final credits roll. The end story board states that the sacrifice of the defenders of Bataan  helped slow the Japanese down making possible America's later victories in the Pacific War