Beth Raymond is terrified by the deaths of four friends, Shelley, Leann, Brian and Taylor, after they received chilling phone calls apparently from themselves in the future, showing the exact time of their deaths. After each of their deaths, a single red hard candy comes out of their mouths. In all the cases, the people who are going to die see strange apparitions shortly before being killed. Beth reports these strange occurrences to the police; however, they think she is delirious. Detective Jack Andrews believes her and together, they begin to unravel the mystery. They eventually trace the calls back to a woman named Marie Layton, who was apparently abusing her children, Ellie and Laurel. They learn that Ellie died of an asthma attack, and that Laurel is in a foster home after her mother went missing. Believing that Marie is the source behind the murders, Beth travels to the recently burned St. Luke's hospital, where Marie was last seen. She finds Marie's body there, apparently burned to death, clutching a cell phone. Marie's corpse assaults Beth while weeping. It is later revealed that Marie's spirit was actually protecting Beth, not trying to hurt her. While visiting Laurel, Andrews goes to her room and finds her teddy bear with a video disc in its back. The disc is a video of a camera Marie hid to monitor Laurel and Ellie. Ellie had cut Laurel's arm with a butcher knife. Marie had entered and realized that the abuse she has been blamed for has been Ellie all along. She then left to take Laurel to the hospital, locking Ellie in the bedroom. Ellie suffers an asthma attack and dies while dialing her mother's cell, making Marie the first real victim of the curse. Laurel tells Andrews that though Ellie hurt her, she always gave her the red hard-candies, the ones found in the mouths of all the victims. Andrews realizes that the force behind the murders is Ellie, and races to Beth. The two hear a knock on the door and as Andrews looks through the spy-hole, a knife stabs through it and kills him. Ellie's spirit appears and reaches out to strangle Beth. The spirit of Marie appears and grabs Ellie, saving Beth again. A red candy spills out of Andrews' mouth and his cell begins to dial a number on its own, revealing that Ellie's ghost is still out there, and more people will die.