Chashm-e-Buddoor features Deepti Naval, Farooq Shaikh and Saeed Jaffrey and has guest roles by Indian National TV and Film Industry artists like Vinod Nagpal, Amitabh Bachhan and Rekha. Siddharth , Omi  and Jomo  are close friends and room mates who are studying at Delhi University. Siddharth has completed M.A in Economics and is preparing for PhD. Siddharth is very studious and spends most of his time with books whereas Omi and Jai are busy in chasing girls, watching movies or dramas; only common thing among them is smoking. One day Omi and Jai see a girl  who is new to their neighborhood and tries to impress her by their tricks; they give up for her when both of them experience shameful events. After some days, Neha  shows up as Chamko washing powder salesgirl to their flat, upon seeing whom Jai and Omi hide quickly. Siddharth sees Neha for the first time and a love story begins. But when his two friends find out, they decide to put an end to their relationship as a revenge to the embarrassment inflicted upon them by the girl. Initially they succeed in separating Siddharth and Neha but later on repent when they find that Siddharth lost his interest in work and study and also likely to end his life. Finally they decide to reunite both and accordingly Neha's grandmother is also accommodated in the plan by staging a fake kidnapping so that Siddharth could prove him by saving Neha from the kidnappers. The parallel plot runs between Omi, Jomo, Siddharth and Lallan Miyan. Lallan Miyan is the local shopkeeper who sells Cigarettes to Omi and Jomo on credit. But as students staying far away from their family spend money on other things and don't clear his debts. Lallan Miyan tires to follow-up with them to get their dues. A spate of kidnapping  has started in Delhi. One fine day Omi and his friends along with Neha's grandmother plan to stage a fake kidnapping and get married. But unfortunately she is kidnapped by the real gang and the duo leave in lurch. The latter part of the story revolves how they clear the confusion that she has been in fact kidnapped by real thugs and how she is rescued.