In this version of Charlotte Brontë's novel, Jane Eyre as a young girl  is raised as a poor relation in the household of her aunt, Mrs. Reed . As a young woman ([[Ruth Wilson , Jane is hired by the housekeeper of Thornfield Hall, Mrs. Fairfax, to be a governess for young Adele . The owner of the estate is Mr. Rochester , who is courting the beautiful Blanche Ingram .  After the death of her uncle, the orphaned child Jane Eyre is left to the care of her uncaring and cruel aunt Mrs Reed. In their house at Gateshead Hall, Jane is ill-treated by her cousins and aunt alike and never feels at home. After one of many ill-treatments she is accused of being bad blood and in an attempt to get rid of her, Jane is sent to Lowood School by her aunt Mrs Reed. As much as in Gateshead Hall, Lowood School is a cold institution. Jane’s only friend dies and she is left alone once again. Convinced to become independent, she takes on the profession of a governess. At 18 she is able to secure a position as governess to a girl at Thornfield Hall. Here Jane learns that her pupil Adele, a French girl, was left in the care of the master of the house, Edward Rochester. She is also informed that the master of the house is seldom at home. On one of his journeys back to Thornfield Hall, Jane at last meets Rochester. One night, Jane wakes to strange noises coming from the room in Rochester’s room. She follows the noise and realizes that Rochester’s room is set on fire and the master in danger.  After Jane was able to rescue Rochester just in time, she wonders who set the fire and from whom these strange sounds from the North Tower came. She barely receives an answer from Rochester who instead leaves Thornfield without notice the next morning. On his return to Thornfield, he brings along some acquaintances among whom are the beautiful Blanche Ingram and her mother Lady Ingram. Rochester receives another unexpected and not wholly welcome guest. Mason, the guest, is one night severely injured. In an attempt to catch a doctor, Jane is left to take care of Mason in the North Tower. Once again strange sounds from the North Tower preceded the incident. While looking after Mason, Jane is startled by loud noises from the other side of the door in the North Tower.  Jane receives a visitor from the past. Bessie informs her of her aunt’s illness and the request to see Jane before she dies. When her aunt seems unable to recognize her, Jane asks Mrs. Reed why she always hated her niece. Mrs. Reed replies that it was because her husband had loved Jane more than his own children, even calling out for her on his deathbed. Jane also learns from her aunt Mrs Reed that she has an uncle. This uncle requested to take care of Jane when she was still a child. Her aunt misinformed the uncle and told him that Jane died. Unlike her aunt, Jane is able to forgive Mrs Reed on her aunt’s dying bed. Away from Thornfield Hall, Jane realizes with more clarity that Thornfield has indeed become a home for her, something she never had before. However, the rumours of an upcoming marriage between Blanche Ingram and Mr Rochester immensely disturb her. Is she to leave her beloved Thornfield? In an attempt to find out about Jane’s real emotions, Rochester constantly teases Jane so that she finally reveals that she loves not only Thornfield Hall but Rochester as well. As these feelings are shared by Rochester, he proposes to Jane and is accepted. Two days before the marriage Jane’s wedding dress is ruined. Even her seeing a shadow of a woman in her rooms is, according to Rochester, part of her dream. On the wedding day however, Jane is finally told of Rochester’s wife Bertha living in the North Tower. Insanity runs in Bertha's family and as a result she was locked up for the safety of herself and others.This information is revealed by Mason who turns out to be Bertha’s brother. Rochester insists that he still loves Jane and offers to live with her "as brother and sister", however Jane leaves Thornfield in the night.  Jane is left penniless and without any hope. She succumbs and lies down on the moors to die. She is however rescued by the clergyman St John Rivers who takes her home and nurses her back to health with the help of his two sisters. But Jane seems to have lost her memories. When Jane is told by St John Rivers that she has inherited some money by her uncle and that they are also related, St John Rivers also informs Jane of his knowing of her past including Thornfield Hall. Jane cannot come to terms with the marriage proposal by St John Rivers and the prospect to live abroad as missionaries. As she begins to hear Rochester calling her name, Jane immediately knows that she belongs to Thornfield and Rochester. On her return she finds a weakened and blind Rochester and a burnt down Thornfield. Jane is also told of the circumstances surrounding the fire and Rochester’s blindness. He was injured while trying to rescue his wife Bertha who did not survive. Rochester recognizes Jane upon hearing her voice and is very happy to have her back. The two are married and the entire family - Rochester, Jane, Adele, St. John Rivers' sisters, two children , and the dog Pilot - gather in the garden to have their portrait painted. Because St. John is away on his mission, he is painted on the side of the portrait.  While for the most part a faithful retelling of the novel, the screenplay does contain minor deviations. These include the reduction of time devoted to the first third  and the final third  of the novel. The middle of the novel is instead developed and a few scenes from the novel are compressed or moved to different times and places in the narrative. The scenes surrounding Jane's flight from the Rochester estate until her gaining of health are treated as a brief flashback sequence: Many pages of text were condensed into a passage of a few minutes' length. Additional scenes were created for the screenplay which underscore the passionate natures of Jane and Rochester . One of the more significant plot changes occurs during the gypsy sequence as Rochester hires a gypsy rather than portraying one himself. Rochester also uses an ouija board as a supplement to this game, a scene which was written specifically for the screenplay. For a full length summary of Charlotte Brontë's novel, see: Jane Eyre plot summary.