Ted Cogan  is a United States National Guard captain commanding a National Guard unit in Iraq. When a van pulls into his checkpoint, he orders it to stop, but it does not. He orders his men to fire a warning shot, but they shoot up the van instead. A few booms and crackles later, an Iraqi girl comes out of the van, then the whole thing catches fire, and Ted finds that they have just killed an innocent family. Ted tries to save the girl, but the vehicle explodes and Ted's unit is attacked, leaving Ted in a coma. Two weeks later, Ted wakes up and gets to return home to his wife Molly  and teenage son Max  in Chicago, but he is suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder complicated by the extreme guilt he feels about the Iraqi family's deaths. Little does Ted know that the terror has only just begun. He starts having visions of a burned man who wants him to right a wrong. As Ted begins to lose his grip on both his sanity and his family, he seeks medical support for his post-traumatic stress disorder, but his financial situation does not allow him to pay for a treatment, and the government denies him. Ted enlists the aid of an equally unhinged psychic named Jake Witzky  to help him understand his terrifying and relentless dreams. It turns out that Ted is seeing the spirit of Farzan , an Arab-American college student who was beaten up and then set on fire. Farzan wants Ted to find his killers -- whose identities shock Ted to the very core. Max's girlfriend Sammi  and their friend Luke  were devastated and extremely angry about the deaths of their fathers in Iraq. Max was angry about what happened to Ted in Iraq. That resulted in them becoming furious at Arabic people. Farzan asked them for a jack so he could fix a flat tire one day, and they took that fury out on him by brutally killing him. Sammi and Luke get killed in a car crash that injures Max, and after a lot of thought, a heartbroken Ted turns Max in, against Molly's wishes. Max is locked up for a period of time, and Ted visits him.