King Krewl ([[Raymond Russell  is a cruel dictator in the Emerald City. He wishes to marry his daughter, Princess Gloria ([[Vivian Reed  to a buffoonish pantaloon of an old courtier named Googly-Goo , but she is in love with Pon, the Gardener's boy ([[Todd Wright . Krewl employs Mombi  to freeze the heart of Gloria so she will not love Pon any longer. This she does by pulling out her heart  and coating it with ice. Dorothy  runs away with the now heartless Gloria, accompanied by Pon and eventually the Scarecrow . Mombi catches up with the travelers and removes the Scarecrow's stuffing, but Dorothy and Pon are able to re-stuff him; Gloria wanders off. In an effective use of deep focus photography, they meet the lost little boy, Button-Bright . The party next arrive at the Tin Castle of the Tin Woodman , who has rusted solid.  Mombi reaches the Tin Castle, and the Tin Woodman chops off her head; however, this merely slows her down as she hunts for it and places it back on.  Having replaced her head, Mombi encounters Pon and turns him into a kangaroo. Dorothy, Button-Bright, the Scarecrow and the Tin Woodman escape from Mombi by crossing a river on a raft. As in the original novel The Wonderful Wizard of Oz, the Scarecrow's barge-pole gets stuck in the river bed and leaves him stranded, until he is rescued by a bird. At one point in this sequence, the Scarecrow slides down the pole into the river, resulting a brief "underwater" sequence featuring puppet fish and a mermaid; throughout, the Scarecrow makes asides to the camera, mostly without intertitles.  The party encounter the Wizard , who tricks Mombi by letting the group hide in the Red Wagon, pulled by the Sawhorse; when Mombi attempts to follow them, the group escape out the back of the wagon. The four companions meet the Cowardly Lion, who joins them. The Wizard traps Mombi in a container of "Preserved Sandwitches" and paints out the "sand" and the plural, carrying her away in his pocket. The Scarecrow, taking a barrage of arrows, tosses Krewl's soldiers over the battlements to deal with the Cowardly Lion, who cannot climb the rope ladder over the city wall. With the support of the people, the Scarecrow is easily able to depose King Krewl. The Wizard releases Mombi, and compels her to restore Pon to his normal form and unfreeze Gloria's heart.