The film opens with an evil scientist creating his clones and chanting the words "S Club, S Club, S Club" and as he says this he is joined by fans awaiting the group as they arrive in Barcelona, Spain for their last show of their tour. After spending the day promoting and performing, the band gets excited about having some time off. Their manager, Alistair shoots down their joy informing them that they will be leaving for LA at seven in the morning the next day. At the hotel, S Club ignores Alistair and after they get into their room, Alistair is attacked by the scientist's assistant. The next morning, the band awakens to find Alistair gone and he left them with the bill. Instead of using a credit card that Rachel finds to pay the bill, they use it on pampering themselves and end up in jail for impersonating S Club and trying to run out on the hotel bill. In jail, they learn that the warden likes to dance and to escape, they sing "Don't Stop Movin'" and get to their friend Natalie. She helps them get to LA, so that they can stop whoever is impersonating them. In LA, the band tries but fails to get close to the band, so they decide to switch out their Hannah, Rachel, and Jon for the copy's Hannah, Rachel, and Jon. While getting the clone's to tell them that they are copies, they figure out they are clones and decide to do something about it after tracking their creator down based on his recent online purchases of S Club memorabilia, only for them to get caught. Both sets of S Club are taken back to Barcelona, where the scientist tells them that he is going to take over the world through music because celebreties attract more attention than politicians . The clones save the band and then both groups have to save all of the clones he has created, including a Michael Jackson clone. Both S Club's sing "Who Do You Think You Are?" and the original group is able to stop the place from self-destructing. At the end, S Club are seen at the beach and the clones are taking their place. They have decided that the clones will take their place when they want a holiday, and the same vice versa.