A year after a devastating car accident that resulted in his father’s death, teenager Kale Brecht  is sentenced to three months house arrest after assaulting a teacher when he made a remark about his father. He is secured with an ankle monitor and allowed only 100 feet from his house. After Kale's mother, Julie , cuts him off from television, video games and music to keep costs down, Kale starts spying on his neighbors, including Robert Turner  and the new neighbor, Ashley Carlson . Kale and his best friend Ronnie  begin to research Turner after Kale witnesses several strange occurrences at Turner's house and thinks Turner might be a serial killer. Ashley becomes aware of Kale's spying and confronts him, and decides to join the pair in investigating Turner. Later that night, Kale observes a date of Turner's in a panicked state. After Turner turns off the lights, Kale uses his binoculars to get a better view and accidentally turns on his video camera flash. When he pans back to Turner's house, Turner is in the window looking straight at Kale. After Kale hides, he witnesses Turner's date leaving and the next morning, Kale enters his kitchen to see his mom flirting with Turner. Before Turner leaves, he implies threats to Kale that go unnoticed by Julie. After Kale attempts to ruin Ashley's party, she goes to confront him. While she's there, they watch Turner drag a heavy bag to his garage with what looks like blood on it. The following day, Kale talks Ronnie into breaking into Turner's garage to get his garage door opener, while Ashley follows Turner to the store to let Kale know when he heads home. Ronnie manages to get the garage code but Ashley loses track of Turner until he suddenly appears in front of her car. He gets in her car and insinuates that she'll be harmed if she continues spying on him. Later that night, Ronnie realizes that he left his phone in Turner's car and attempts to get it back. While in Turner’s garage with a video camera, Ronnie finds his phone when the garage door suddenly closes. Ronnie runs and hides in Turner's house and as Kale attempts to rescue him, his ankle monitor goes off. When the police arrive, Kale informs them that Ronnie is in danger. Hearing the police outside, Turner comes out and allows them to search his garage. Ronnie is nowhere to be found, when Kale suggests they look in the bloody bag. They open it to find a deer that Turner had hit with his car. When Julie goes to Turner's to talk him into not pressing charges, Ronnie reveals himself to be alive and unharmed. Kale watches Ronnie's videotape and he sees what looks like a bag with a dead body inside hidden behind an air vent. While Julie is at Turner's, she's turns her back and he knocks her out. Turner goes to Kale’s house and knocks out Ronnie and after a struggle with Kale, binds and gags him. As Turner reveals his plan to frame Kale, Kale attacks Turner with Ashley's help, and manages to subdue him. When Ashley frees Kale in his room, Turner breaks down the door, forcing Kale and Ashley to escape by jumping out a window into Ashley's pool. Kale takes a pair of gardening shears and goes to search for his mother, while Ashley goes to warn the police. An officer alerted to Kale’s bracelet arrives and enters Turner’s house, only to have Turner break his neck. Kale falls through the floor in Turner's basement and lands in a pool of dead bodies in various states of decay. When he climbs out, he finds his mom when Turner appears and Julie stabs Turner in the leg, giving Kale time to kill Turner with the gardening shears. Kale and Julie exit the house as the police arrive. After Kale's ankle monitor is removed and he is released from house arrest for "good behavior", the police offer Kale and Julie to pay for the damages to their house. Kale and Ashley become a couple and Ronnie, sporting a large bruise, but is otherwise alive and well, videotapes them kissing.