The film is about the poor state of the British Army's leadership during the Crimean War, as witnessed by a relatively competent officer, Captain Louis Nolan. A veteran of campaigns in India, Nolan is unusual in the hierarchy of his day for having acquired his rank through promotion rather than purchase. As such he looks with contempt on his colleagues, who are mostly aristocratic dilettantes casual about squandering their subordinates' lives. Nolan's superior is the gruff Lord Cardigan, who treats the regiment under his command almost as his personal property. Cardigan's men are typical of the common soldiers of their day; though well-equipped and intensively trained, they endure squalid living conditions and are punished mercilessly for the slightest missteps in their duties. Nolan soon gets into a highly-publicized feud with Cardigan, who is angry at him for ordering Moselle wine at a banquet where all guests were to drink champagne. Meanwhile the Russian Empire invades lucrative territory in Turkey. Britain joins an alliance of other European nations ostensibly created to come to Turkey's aid, although all are more interested in making their own territorial acquisitions and parading their military might. The British forces are to be led by Lord Raglan, an amiable, vague-minded man who proves a poor commander despite his long war record. As campaign preparations begin he is preoccupied with a bad mistake he made while allotting commands, requiring Lord Cardigan to lead the cavalry alongside his equally unpleasant arch-rival Lord Lucan. Captain Nolan, enlisted as Raglan's aide, is glad to get away from England; it gives him an escape from the morally uneasy affair he has been having with Clarissa Morris, the wife of his best friend William. Also traveling with the British command is a minor officer's wife named Fanny Duberly, who wants to observe battle firsthand . Britain and its ally France sail through miserable weather to the Crimea, where they march inland to meet occupying Russian forces. Along the way the British forces are ravaged by cholera, an occurrence met with palpable indifference by their commanders. Captain Nolan, although no friend of his subordinates, is frightened to see the army's organization all but fall apart as men are consumed by the disease. When the outbreak passes, British and French forces win their first battle with the Russians, capturing land near the strategically-important city of Sebastopol. Lord Raglan refuses to use the cavalry to press his advantage, so concerned is he with keeping Cardigan and Lucan from having to work with one another. As a result Russian forces escape to and reinforce Sebastopol, turning what could have been a quick capture in a prolonged siege. Back in England the press lies that the city has fallen, and produces prodigious amounts of propaganda crowing over "the humbling of Russia". As the siege progresses Lord Cardigan retires nightly to the yacht he has docked nearby in order to hold formal dinners, at one of which he seduces Mrs. Duberly. Captain Nolan has been growing increasingly exasperated at the ineptitude of Raglan and the other officers, which has caused needless death and delay at every step. His emotions reach a tipping point when a Russian raiding party captures an improperly-defended British fortification, stealing several pieces of artillery in the process. Lord Raglan is slow to realize what is happening, and Nolan practically demands that he take steps to recover the valuable equipment. The first order Raglan sends out is so badly worded that the cavalry leaders interpret it as telling them to hold. Nolan secures another, delivers it personally, and gains permission to ride with Cardigan's light brigade as they chase the Russians. As it happens the brigadiers are in a valley that branches off in two directions; one contains the escaping raiders, the other an artillery battery and a sizable reserve of Russian cavalry. Lord Raglan did not bother to mention this in his order, since the lay of the land is obvious from his high vantage point. Cardigan, at his lower level, can only see the valley with the cannons. He is uncertain why Raglan wants him to ride into this, but with Nolan goading him on he decides to obey his orders. To his horror, Lord Raglan sees the cavalry charge into the wrong valley, where it is torn apart by cannon fire. Nolan realizes his mistake halfway through, but is killed by shrapnel before he can warn Cardigan. The Light Brigade rides straight through the cannon bombardment, clashes briefly with the Russians, and then retreats. Nothing has been achieved, many men have been killed, and most of the rest are wounded. Lord Cardigan, ironically, is unharmed. He, Raglan, and Lucan immediately begin arguing amongst themselves about who must take the blame for the whole disaster. As they bicker, the brigadiers limp back to camp, and other soldiers emerge to euthanize the wounded horses littering the battlefield.