The story takes place in 1969 and is told through the eyes of Valentín, an eight-year-old small cross-eyed boy  whose thick black-rimmed glasses sit heavily on his face. He lives with his grandmother  due to the divorce of his parents. He dreams of being an astronaut one day and intently follows the on-going space race between the U.S.A. and the Soviet Union. He no longer sees his Jewish mother, who was chased out of the family home by his imperious, dictator-like father . He misses her badly but hardly remembers her. His anti-Semitic father only occasionally visits to his mother and son, preferring to live the life of an Argentine playboy. Valentín is friends with his uncle Chiche  and the piano teacher Rufo who lives across the street . Both talk to Valentín as if he were an adult, and it seems Valentín is wise beyond his years. His uncle takes him to mass and where a priest  talks about the death an Argentinian doctor who was killed recently. He talks about Che Guevara a man "who believed in an ideal, and who believed that injustice could be overcome. Please, don't leave here before you've asked yourselves, in all sincerity: Who of you would give, not his whole life, but a year or even just one day, for an ideal, the way that Che gave all he had?" Many in the audience walk out and Valentín comments: "But just like my uncle said, the priest couldn't change anything. Everything stayed the same." Leticia , his father's latest romantic interest, pays a visit and both she and Valentin spend the day together going to the park, seeing a movie and sharing a meal. Valentín tells her personal things about his life and father. Due to Vanlentin's tales about his family Leticia rethinks her relationship with his father and breaks up with him. His father is quite upset and blames Valentín. One day Valentin realizes that his grandmother is ill but refuses to see a doctor. Valentín makes plans on how to get her to see Dr. Galaburri . The plan he cooks up seems to work and she makes certain lifestyle changes. To thank the doctor, Valentín is thoughtful and buys a painting for Dr. Galaburri to display in his office. However, one day his grandmother passes away when she goes to the hospital and Valentin comes to stay with one of his friends from school. One day a thoughful man visits Valentín and gives him a shirt that his mother sent for him. They have a conversation about his mother and Valentín begins to understand why his mother has stayed away for such a long time. The film ends as he sets up a blind date between Leticia and his piano teacher Rufo. They all have a meal together and Valentín tells us he decided to become a writer and that Leticia and Rufo lived happily ever after.