{{plot}} Penelope Elcott  is the wife of wealthy banker of James Elcott . Feeling bored and tired of constantly being neglected by her husband, Penelope decides to disguise herself as an old woman and rob her husband's bank. While the police, including Lieutenant Horatio Bixbee  are in a frantic rush to get to the bank, Penelope manages to escape in a red wig and yellow suit. In the guise she donates some of the stolen money to a Salvation Army worker and donates the suit to a second hand thrift shop. As she drops off the suit, two cunning con artists Sabada  and her husband Ducky  immediately recognize the suit as an original designer outfit from Paris, and manage to purchase it for a mere $7. Meanwhile, Penelope visits her psychiatrist, Gregory,  and tells him all about her latest criminal activities. At first he doesn't believe her, but then she shows him the money and he jumps in fright, telling Penelope she could go to jail if she is caught. He asks her how she was first introduced to stealing. Penelope tells him that it began in college , when a professor asked her to stay behind to discuss some mating customs of a non existent tribe. She quickly discovers that the professor was trying to rape her and after a comic chase scene, escapes the class wearing only her underwear. She notices that, during the chase, she had managed to steal an item  of the Professor's, which she forgot to give back. Then she remarked the next time she stole was during her wedding day  when she caught her maid of honour Mildred Halliday  kissing James. She steals Mildred's earrings and necklace. We also see flashbacks of Penelope stealing various items from different associates and work colleagues of James. Gregory comments that the reason she is stealing is because she is trying to attract attention from her distant husband. As Horatio begins to suspect that Penelope is responsible for robbing the bank, a young women, Honeysuckle Rose, is caught with the money and accused of being the thief. This is due to Gregory, who has confessed he has fallen for Penelope, agreeing to return the stolen money to the bank, but quickly leaves the money on the sidewalk as he hears police cars arriving. Penelope confesses that she robbed the bank, and tries to clear the innocent woman's name, but Horatio and her husband don't believe her, thinking she is crazy. Ducky and Sabada pay a visit to Penelope's home, telling her they have proof that she robbed the bank, and blackmail her. However, Penelope is delighted, as this is the proof she needs to clear Honeysuckle's name. As James returns home from work, Penelope asks Ducky and Sabada to show James the proof, however the two mystified con artists pretend that Penelope is mad and that they have been trying to sell her a dress. Later that day, Penelope hosts a dinner party where she invites all the guests whom she has stolen from. She tries to return the stolen items to their owners, but all claim that they have never seen the items before. Penelope, confused and frightened, runs away. The following morning James is frantic with worry as Penelope has been missing all night. He finally realizes he has neglected her and begins to see her face everywhere he turns. Penelope yet again robs James' bank, but unlike the previous time, she is crying. James goes to Horatio begging him to find Penelope. Penelope herself goes to Horatio later with the stolen money proving to him that she did rob James bank, however she is not arrested, as Horatio knows James would not press charges against his own wife. Penelope goes to visit Gregory, and she tells him all that has happened and he explains that the reason the guests at the party denied ever recognizing the stolen items is because they would lose the insurance money they received from the theft. During their session Gregory breaks down and begs Penelope to run away with him. However, Penelope refuses, telling him she is cured. James suddenly arrives and the two reunite.