Eight teenagers, including Brady , Claire , Duncan , Kit , Annabelle , Sunny , Foster  and Hubs  are going on a weekend boat trip on a remote lake in Southern California for spring break. As the group are about to depart on their boat, they are warned by Sheriff Bowman  to be sensible and keep out of danger. After a day of partying, the group have a bonfire. Close by, two local fishermen destroy a crocodile nest, only for them both to be attacked by the crocodile, which devours them both. The following day the teenagers continue to party. Annabelle's dog, Princess, runs away, leading the group to the crocodiles nest, where Duncan breaks an egg and Hubs hides one in Claire's bag. At night, Sunny becomes incredibly drunk and reveals Brady cheated on Claire with her, resulting in Claire breaking up with Brady. Hubs, who is also heavily intoxicated falls asleep at the bonfire while the rest of the group return to the boat. Sometime later, Hubs attempts to return to the boat but is eaten by the crocodile, while the boat becomes untied and begins to drift in the lake. In the morning, the friends find their boat has become stuck, leaving them stranded. While the rest of the group attempt to fix the boat, Brady and Sunny go to try and find Hubs. Sunny attempts to get Brady to go swimming, but she narrowly escapes an attack by the crocodile. The pair rush back to the boat to warn the others, however the crocodile arrives and sinks the boat, killing Foster in the process. Meanwhile, Sheriff Bowman finds the fishermen and Hubs remains before visiting Shurkin  and Lester , two locals who take care of alligators. Shurkin sets out with the Sheriff to find the crocodile, while Lester is seen to be feeding the crocodile, but is eventually devoured himself. As night falls, the teenagers are still stranded in the woods searching for a road. The crocodile returns, and ultimatley Sunny is eaten. The rest of the group reach a small shop, where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff, but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle. As Kit escapes to start the truck outside, Brady, Claire and Duncan fight off the crocodile. In the chaos, a fire starts which causes the truck to explode, killing Kit and scaring away the crocodile. The next day, the Sheriff and Shurkin find Brady, Claire and Duncan and pick them up on their boat. Soon after, Shurkin is knocked into the water and eaten, before the Sheriff is also killed. With the boats engine broken, the survivors swim to land. Claire finally discovers the crocodiles egg in her bag, and the group use it as bait to lure the crocodile to them so they can kill it. In their attempt, Duncan is eaten whole, but is quickly regurgitated. The crocodile then takes its egg from Claire and swims back to its nest, leaving Claire, Brady, Duncan and Princess the only survivors.