Rajveer Singh  has an immense passion for stock car racing and dreams of making it big on the racecourse. After being discovered by his manager Harry , he meets Radhika Shekar Rai Banerjee  and instantly falls for her. He joins Speeding Saddles, a failing race team, and transforms from Rajveer Singh to RV the race car driver. He wins his first race and keeps winning, making him quite wealthy. What started as an innocent love blossoms into a serious relationship as months pass. Radhika is a great pianist, majoring in music at Columbia University, whereas Rajveer has no degree or any education background. His lack of education and planning earns the disapproval of Radhika's father, Subho Shekar Rai Banerjee . Radhika leaves her father and marries RV. She forgets about her degree and takes on her job as a wealthy housewife: Radhika Shekar Rai Banerjee turns into Shona. Their family is complete with the birth of two beautiful children, Priya aka Princess  and Ranveer aka Champ . Luck follows RV and he is soon proclaimed the number one race car driver in the USA. Tragedy strikes when RV is involved in a deliberate accident whilst racing and he is hospitalized for a few months. When he gets out, he heads straight to the track to race again but soon learns that he's scared of going fast because he doesn't want to crash and get hurt again. Every race he joins, he ends up in last place. His manager fires RV and finds someone else. RV tells Harry that he doesn't need him, he can find some other manager easily. A year has gone by and neither RV nor Shona have jobs. They try their best to find work but no one will hire them because they don't have degrees. RV and Shona are unable to pay their loans and bills so everything they own in their house is sold. Princess and Champ worry that they're becoming poor; RV says they're actually on a reality show, Don't Worry, Be Happy. With about $2,000 left, RV and family leave their big house and find a less expensive one. They move into a one-bedroom apartment, and the children become worried again. RV and Shona tell them this is all part of the game and the kids believe them. They still go to their favorite school while their parents try to find jobs. A few days later, Shona gets a job as a piano player and RV becomes a taxi driver. One night when RV and Shona start arguing, Princess overhears them and learns that they actually are in trouble with money. She then plans to save up the money she and Champ use for lunch. The kids don't eat, and Champ gets starved. He takes food from the garbage without his sister knowing and eats it outside of school on a bench. He keeps eating from the garbage while Princess keeps saving up money. Princess makes Champ promise not to tell their parents, knowing they'll get mad. RV gets a customer who needs to get to the airport soon. He takes this chance as to test his racing skills. RV starts off doing great until he gets flashback on his accident. He then learns that he could probably never race again because of being scared of getting hurt. Champ gets a piece of glass inside his stomach from eating something. RV, Shona, and Princess run to the hospital where Princess tells her parents the plan she made Champ follow. The doctor tell RV and Shona that they need $65,000. The couple has no idea how they are going to get the money and only have two days to get it. RV decides to enter a race for his son's sake. He meets his old nemesis and he starts remembering the flashbacks. But that doesn't stop him. He wins, while apparently killing his nemesis by pushing him off the track. In the end the family is living a happy and fun life.