The story begins in Los Angeles, with a fight between Uncle Tak  and Johnny , destroying Tak's store in the process. Tak loses and tries to escape, but Anna  miraculously comes to save him. Jet  arrives by bus. He takes a taxi driven by a friendly Jamaican man. Three thieves take his rucksack, and he chases them through the streets on foot while they drive. He catches them and they see his fighting skills, and they subsequently beg him to be his master. They take Jet to their home but they meet with a dangerous gang. Jet steps in and defends the buddies, but their home is set on fire. Meanwhile, Johnny and his gang are closing down kung fu schools and making a name for themselves. Jet meets May , and also meets Johnny in a carpark, quickly learning what Johnny's goal is. Unfortunately, Anna and Jet's friends get beaten up, so Jet trains his friends to defend themselves. Jet and his friends go to Tak's store and prepares to deal with Johnny's gang. The three friends put their newly found skills into practice whilst Jet fights the gang. Jet and Johnny fight outside the store until the police step in. Jet and Tak have a final strain on their relationship. Downbeat, Jet decides to take a bus to the airport, intending on returning to Hong Kong. On his way, he is attacked by a dreadlocked man armed with a shotgun out. The man fires, killing the bus driver, as May follows the bus with her car. In the meantime, Tak and the three friends make their way to a rooftop for a final duel with Johnny's gang. After the bus incident, Jet and May go to Tak's store to find a note and a will. They quickly make their way to the rooftop, and Jet makes a surprise attack on Johnny's gang. He again fights with Johnny, while Tak and his friends save Anna from danger. During the fight, Jet and Johnny drop down, smashing a gas pipe. Just as Jet thinks the fight is over, Johnny kicks a switch that, causing them to move to the building edge. Jet grabs a rope and just as he is about to fall to his death, Tak, Anna, May and his three friends save him as the rope breaks.