In a series of flashbacks played in reverse chronological order it is related that in 1939, young investigated a series of murders in Eastern Europe. , a vampiress who bathed in the blood of innocents to stay young, and sold her soul to the Queen of Witches, the goddess Hecate, was responsible, and had just kidnapped the fiancee of one of the townsmen. When the search party confronted Erzebet in her castle, all members of the party were horribly killed, and Bruttenholm was left to face her alone. He tricked her into the sunlight, effectively destroying her. In present the present day, an elderly Bruttenholm, who is overcome with memories of his encounter with Erzebet takes a particular interest in a publicity stunt in the Hampdens at Long Island that Manning attempts to assign out, insisting that their most advanced team Liz Sherman, Abe Sapien, and Hellboy and junior agent Sydney Leach as well as himself . Despite the fact this is a marketing campaign for Oliver Trumbolt, a friend of the governor with hands deep in the BPRD's budget and thusly is considered a low priority, Bruttenholm's insistence pays off, though he does not explain his motives until he is certain. Ana, a blushing bride to be is met on the streets by two elderly women who encourage her to go to her bridal gown fitting, and she meets with Erzebet who had unknowingly killed the shop owner Marie and her baby. Ana innocently comments that Erzebet reminds her of her "older" sister, offending her until she notices that Erzabet has no reflection. She screams, and everything goes dark. Later, being told that Father Lupescu was the one who convinced Ana to go to her fitting despite the disappearances of the young girls in the village, Erzabet pays him a visit, frightening him with her dark powers and confirming that his faith is not enough to keep her power from affecting the town. The BPRD team arrives and sets up to investigate a haunting that Oliver had called them for. Despite a few open windows, a creepy life-like replica of Erzabet and an old, suspiciously familiar looking groundskeeper, everything seems normal until night falls and they each encounter strange ghostly apparitions, culminating in dozens of spirits that were Erzabet's former victims. Excited that he may have found a goldmine, Trumbolt ignores the professor's warnings and is attacked. Ana goes to visit Father Lupescu who convinces her that she should not fear danger because the church is strong and the faith will keep her from harm, she hurries off to have her fitting done, running into Professor Bruttenholm as she leaves. He explains to Lupescu of Erzabet's true nature and her allegiance to Hecate, but he becomes offended and turns Bruttenholm away. Using his abilities to detect metal, Leach finds a secret passageway through the house's cellar, inadvertently coming across Trumbolde's body, drained of blood which was placed in a bath tub, for what is suspected to be for Erzabet's revival. Bruttenholm and Liz head for the gardens to stop Hecate and Erzabet's Harpy hags from summoning her back from the dead while a werewolf attacks Hellboy and Abe. Abe is knocked unconscious and taken by the harpies for experimentation while Hellboy fights the werewolf, eventually subduing it and revealing that it is Father Lupescu, the groundskeeper that Bruttenholm had earlier identified. Meanwhile, Liz and Bruttenholm are attacked, first by wolves, then by Erzabet's withered body who knocks Liz out and takes Bruttenholm. Hellboy is dropped through a hole in the courtyard and meets Hecate, who is perplexed why he helps the mortals and tries to lure him to the dark side. He blatantly refuses again, and again, forcing Hecate to take on a physical form to deal with him. After Abe escapes them, the harpies come across Hecate, but one is killed as she violently thrashes with Hellboy and the other escapes. Erzabet bathes in Trumbolde's blood and rejuvenates herself, but in an act that proves Bruttenholm still has fight in him, she begins to wither and decay again from the Holy Water he'd added to the bath. He breaks off a chair leg and finishes her off. Her death enrages Hecate who brutally attacks Hellboy and badly wounds him, and when he realizes her weakness is the sun he lures her outside, forcing her back into the darkness of her own realm, defeated. Bruttenholm is preparing for his trip to Transylvania where rumors have it that there is a vampire on the loose, as he is packing, his colleague comes in and they discuss the right hand of doom to which Bruttenholm asserts that so long as evil exists, good will rise up against it. Before revealing an image of Hellboy's right hand, signifying that he will be responsible for the destruction of the world. Hellboy wakens in his bed, admiring Bruttenholm, his adopted father before falling back to sleep again.