Prem  is a Love Guru who solves the love issues of his clients. He meets Bhaskar Diwakar Chaudhary ([[Govinda  who comes to Prem for help in his love life. Bhaskar loves his boss Priya Jaisingh  but is unable to express his love to her as she is the daughter of a wealthy businessman. Prem initially refuses to help Bhaskar and goes to Phuket, Thailand. Bhaskar follows him there and convinces him to help him. After coming back from Thailand, Prem meets Naina , a photo journalist who was running from some gangsters led by Chhota Don , who mimicks Shahrukh Khan in Don. Prem saves her and falls in love with her. Meanwhile he starts teaching Bhaskar how to impress Priya. But Bhaskar uses his own simplicity and non-sense acts to impress Priya. Priya finally falls in love with Bhaskar but does not disclose it to him. Prem comes to know from Bhaskar that Priya is getting married to someone according to her father's will. They both come to Priya's wedding ceremony with Naina, and Priya's father is convinced by Bhaskar's acts. Priya now gets ready to marry Bhaskar. Meanwhile a spoiled brat named Neil comes to Prem for love help and he asks Prem to convince a girl for a one night stand. Prem gets angry with Neil and tells him that he does not help people with such bad intentions. Neil somehow manages to get his one night stand and then ditches her, telling her the love guru gave him advice to do so. Unfortunately the girl turns out to be Naina's friend Nikki. Naina then sets out to expose the Love Guru and finds out it's Prem. Naina hates Prem for what she thought he did to her friend and publishes a front page article claiming that Prem can set anyone up with the girl they want using the Priya/Bhaskar relationship as an example. Prem thinks that Bhaskar may commit suicide without Priya and goes to her to tell her what really happened. Priya realizes that all the things she liked about Bhaskar are what Prem wanted Bhaskar to hide from her and Priya is ready to take Bhaskar back. Prem makes up with Naina by making her hear the truth about him not helping Neil, and they get back together. On both couple's honeymoon night Bhaskar again asks Prem for help but this time they both get mingled with their respective wives.