The musical centers around the "Jellicle" cats, a tribe of cats who meet once a year at the Jellicle Ball, where they rejoice with their leader, Old Deuteronomy. During the Ball, one of the cats will be selected to go to the Heaviside Layer and be reborn. The cats who may be considered for this honour, introduce themselves. Act 1 The musical starts out with an overture. The lights then comes on an empty junkyard. The cats then start to gather on stage and explain the Jellicle tribe and their purpose . The cats then give details on how the different cats of the tribe are named . Munkustrap appears and introduces the first cat: Jennyanydots . She "sits and sits and sits" all day and rules over the mice and teaches various activities to them. Jennyanydots finishes, greets the other cats, but is interrupted. The music instantly changes and The Rum Tum Tugger makes an extravagant entrance . The Rum Tum Tugger is a tom with a wild mane and leopard spots on his chest. He is very fickle and unappeasable, "for he will do as he do do and there's no doing anything about it". He flirts with various queens in the tribe until his music is cut short at the end of his song. An old grey cat stumbles out and looks around. It is Grizabella. All the cats back away and glare at her with resentment. The cats sing of her saddened, unfortunate state , with Demeter elaborating. Grizabella leaves and the music becomes upbeat. Bustopher Jones, a fat cat in "a coat of fastidious black", appears . Bustopher Jones is among the elite of the cats, belonging to many clubs and making many speeches at various events. There is a loud crash, and Macavity, the most wanted criminal cat, is thought to have appeared. However, two black and orange calico cats sneak out. They are Mungojerrie and Rumpleteazer, two petty thieves, who are very mischievous, and enjoy causing trouble for their human family . Soon, the Jellicle Patriarch, Old Deuteronomy, appears . He is a large old cat that “has lived many lives” and “buried nine wives”. He is the one who will choose which Jellicle cat will go to the Heaviside Layer. Munkustrap and the cats proceed to entertain Old Deuteronomy with the story of two dog tribes clashing in the streets, but were scared away by a superhero-like cat called the Great Rumpus Cat. . Another loud crash is heard, and the cats again suspect Macavity is around. He appears lurking in the shadows, but withdraws. And the cats come out again . Munkustrap once again states why the cats are there and the celebration begins . Grizabella shows up once again refusing to be left out of the festivities. Once again, she is shunned by the other cats, but that does not stop her from singing . Grizabella leaves and the cats sing of “what happiness is” . Gus shuffles forward . He is the cat that once was a famous actor but now he is old and “suffers from palsy that makes his paws shake”. He is accompanied by Jellylorum, who sings of his exploits in the theatre. Skimbleshanks is sleeping in the corner . He is unofficially in charge of the railway train. He is very clever and very important because if he is gone “the train can’t start”. Another crash and an evil laugh is heard. It is indeed Macavity. He kidnapps Old Deuteronomy with his henchcats, and Demeter and Bombalurina sing of his crimes . Suddenly, Old Deuteronomy comes back again, led by a few henchcats, but Demeter realizes "Old Deuteronomy" is an imposter and exposes him to the rest of the tribe. It is Macavity in disguise. Macavity battles against Munkustrap and Alonzo after trying to kidnap Demeter, eventually escaping. The Rum Tum Tugger suggests they find Mr. Mistoffelees to help them look for Old Deuteronomy . Mr. Mistoffelees is black and small and can perform many feats of magic that no other cat can do , and succeeds in bringing back Old Deuteronomy. He is praised by all the cats. The Jellicle choice can now be made. Old Deuteronomy sits down and Grizabella appears for the final time. Old Deuteronomy allows her to have a chance to address the cats. Her faded appearance and lonely disposition have little effect on her song ("[[Memory . The appeal succeeds and she is chosen to be the one . A large tire rises up with Old Deuteronomy and Grizabella. Once at the top Grizabella finishes the journey herself. Old Deuteronomy gives his last speech to the cats  and the show ends.