{{Plot}} Roderick Blank  is a young man with a great job as an executive for 'Swallows', a high end fast food restaurant chain, and a beautiful fiancée, Fiona Wormwood . On the day of his bachelor party, he is e-mailed a list of all the women he has slept with. Strangely, while the list has 101 names, his fiancée is only number 29. He assumes the list is a prank, courtesy of his best friends Zack  and Lester  - until he meets number 30, Carlotta Valdez, who is the stripper at his bachelor party. After sleeping with Carlotta, he realizes that the list includes all his sexual encounters, past, present and future. Roderick cancels his upcoming wedding and begins to bed all the people on the list, including a centrefold's leprosy ridden grandmother, a Swallows drive-thru girl, a flight attendant, a reality TV lesbian power couple and a self-help guru. Although he makes a connection with some of these women, he is unable to settle down until he has crossed all names off the list. His friends become concerned for his mental well being and convince him to bury the list. He falls for Lester's charming and quirky veterinarian , only to learn that she does not return his feelings. After her untimely death, he digs up the list and continues his mission. Throughout all this, a female vigilante, nicknamed Death Nell , has been taking revenge on men who have committed sexual crimes. Death Nell seduces these men and then uses various techniques to induce a permanent coma, leaving behind a line of feminist poetry spray painted on the wall. Roderick learns that his list was generated by a quantum-mechanical computer called the Oracle, and that the agency in charge of the Oracle are also trying to track Death Nell down. Roderick's precarious mental state is compromised when he learns that the last name on his list, Gillian de Raisx, is in fact the notorious Death Nell. With twenty more names left on the list, he decides to abandon it altogether and takes up various hobbies to keep him from giving in to temptation. After an accident during a bike ride, he is found by a group of female students from a Catholic college who believe that he has been sent to deflower them. Roderick is unable to resist and catapults himself from number 82 to number 100 in the space of an afternoon. Knowing that Death Nell is the last person on his list  Roderick tries to change his destiny, first by becoming a shut in, and then by tracking down another Gillian de Raisx in Sydney, Australia. But when he learns that the Agency are close to catching Death Nell, he has a sudden change of heart. Guilt-stricken over his treatment of his previous conquests, he decides to face the consequences. Roderick and Gillian meet in a diner, where they share a meal and conversation. Gillian reveals that she was a Poetry/Chemistry student who married young and was forced to perform degrading sexual favors with her husband, who also physically abused her. After his death, which was inadvertently caused by Gillian, she realized that she could dish out similar punishments to other men who treated women badly. At the end of the conversation, she reveals that she is exhausted from the whole ordeal and unsure if she still has the conviction to continue. Roderick and Gillian agree to take the sedatives together. After spending the night together, they take the pills and fall into bed with 'The End' spray painted on the wall behind them. The epilogue reveals that Roderick and Gillian survived the pills—they married and had a child. Death Nell's comatose victims are revived and a brief scene at the Agency suggests that Roderick and Gillian's union was fated.