The movie opens in the Caribbean, on the Island of San Moreno, where a trio of important looking men  are meeting with the island's governor. After paying him a suitcase full of money for a special operation, the three men are joined, via helicopter, by Major Vladakov , the second best terrorist in the world, who will be in charge of the operation. This entire event is witnessed by a young boy named Roberto who takes pictures of the governor, the Major, and his men. The next morning finds retired Lt. Commander Quinton McHale.  making his way to the Naval base of San Ysidro, where he does some trading with the officers. Such goods and services include selling home-brewed beer, ice cream and swimsuit calendars to the men of the San Ysidro Naval Base in exchange for things like medicine and satellite photos to help out the people of San Moreno. The satellite photos are actually his way of spying on the opposing baseball team. Stationed at the base are his old crew. Virgil, a cigar-chomping ladies man and gunner. Happy, the team lookout who lives in a treehouse. Willie, the team techie and moonshine maker. Gruber, a slightly portly card-player and cigar horder. And Christy, the group's musclehead who can unscrew a beer bottle with his eye. However, the base is now commanded by newly arrived Captain Wallace B. Binghampton  and Lieutenant Penelope Carpenter . Capt. Binghampton believes his men have gone native and confiscates all of the products McHale has sold them. He wants to resurrect his career after having mistakenly sunk a luxury cruise liner, for which he is famously known. Valdakov takes control of the baseball field and beach on San Moreno to set up his base of operations. After Roberto inadvertently alerts Vladakov that to McHale's presence, , Vladakov uses his new stealth boat to blow up McHale's home and nearly destroys his PT-73, a PT Boat, which reveals that they have a rather bad history with each other. When the governor tells Vladakov that his operations are disrupting his lives of the village, Valadakov and his men invade the village during their fiesta, blowing it up and displacing everyone that lived there. At the Pentagon, Cobra , who is a Naval Admiral, finds out about Vladakov's presence on San Moreno and instructs Binghampton to stand down in favor of McHale, revealing that he was once a top covert-operative. This shocks Binghampton, but he relays the message to McHale. Unfortunately, McHale rejects the mission, saying he wants nothing to do with it, or with Binghampton. However, upon learning that the village was destroyed, McHale accepts the assignment with the stipulations that he be given his old crew, men stationed at San Ysidro, and complete autonomy from Binghampton. Binghampton appears to agrees but enlists Ensign Charles Parker  to spy on McHale. Slowly both Parker and Carpenter realize that Binghampton is inept. McHale sets up a camp site for the villagers and, after invading Vladikov's base to find out what's going on, heads to Cuba for supplies to fix the PT-73 and to combat Vladikov. McHale and his crew use a pirated variety show broadcast to block Vladikov from stealing missile launch codes and entertain the villagers. Binghampton, tired of sitting on the side lines, attempts an attack on Vladikov's base but upon arrival, it is vacated and shown to be a front. Vladikov has killed the men that hired him to blow up the pentagon as he motives are finally revealed. He was monitoring communications between McHale and Cobra and is aware that Cobra is en route to San Moreno to help take out Vladikov. Vladikov attempts to kill Cobra using his stealth boat. Roberto is aboard and he tries to short out the boat to no avail. He is captured by Vladikov, but manages to jump ship. After Ensign Parker saves Roberto, McHale successfully kills Vladikov using a torpedo be bought in Cuba, as revenge for Vladikov killing Roberto's father in Panama. Cobra lands safely and reveals that he is McHale's father, none other than now Admiral Quinton McHale, Sr. Finally, the film ends with the commendations of McHale's crew, and the promotions of Lt. Carpenter and Ensign Parker, the US Navy rebuilding the baseball field, McHale re-retiring so that he may pursue a relationship with Carpenter and Binghampton's apparent demotion to umpire for a kids' baseball game.