Due to a shortage of Police Officers, the newly-elected female Mayor of an unnamed American city has announced a policy requiring the Police Department to accept all willing recruits, effectively abolishing fitness requirements, educational levels and medical standards. Not everyone in the Police Force is happy about the new changes. Carey Mahoney  is an easygoing man who has repeatedly gotten himself in trouble with the law when standing up to arrogance. Mahoney is forced to join the Police Force as an alternative to jail, a proposal by Captain Reed who has been lenient on Mahoney because of knowing his father, who was also a Policeman. Mahoney reluctantly agrees to this, deciding that he will get himself thrown out as a loophole. However, the Chief of Police , outraged by the Mayor's lowered requirements, decides that the new cadets should be forced to quit rather than being thrown out. Lieutenant Thaddeus Harris , who trains the cadets, agrees with the plan and employs tactics to make their lives as miserable as possible so that they do in fact quit. However, Commandant Lassard  is the only one who doesn't agree with both Harris and the Chief of Police's schemes. He wants to give the new cadets a chance. Mahoney tries many schemes to get thrown out as he cannot quit, since as part of the deal he made with Captain Reed, if he quits, he will be sent to jail. But eventually has a change of heart and decides to stay for good, having fallen in love with another cadet, Karen Thompson . While in the Academy, Mahoney becomes friends with fellow cadets Larvell Jones , a human beatbox; George Martin , a ladies man who speaks with a fake Spanish accent to attract women; Eugene Tackleberry , a military obsessed adrenaline junkie; Leslie Barbara , an overweight wimp; and Moses Hightower , a giant of a man who is actually quite shy and keeps away from violence. Mahoney helps Hightower prepare for the critical driving test and after he passes; Hightower is very thankful to Mahoney. Unfortunately, the "quit policy" does not apply to Hightower, who gets himself kicked out of the Academy by Harris because of an incident. After the hated cadet Chad Copeland ([[Scott Thomson  racially insults his friend and fellow cadet Laverne Hooks , Hightower is offended and lifts the Police car in which Copeland is seated. Despite Hooks and Harris trying to reason with him to calm down, he turns the car over on Copeland. Later on, both he and Kyle Blankes  discovered what happened to their car. Shortly after this, Mahoney and Barbara are having lunch in the cafeteria and talking about Hightower's expulsion. He's finally getting sick of being in the Academy, but refuses to quit. Despite Blankes and Copeland's attempt to get him to fight them so they can give Harris a reason to expel him, he still refuses. Barbara throws the first punch by hitting Copeland with a lunch tray and he passes out from it. Blankes is offended by him and punches him back, which promptly gets Mahoney involved in a brawl with him. When Lt. Harris asks them who started it, Mahoney takes the blame for throwing the first punch to protect Barbara's standing, which finally gives him the green light to expel his most despised cadet. Before Mahoney actually leaves the premises, however, a major riot breaks out downtown. The resulting Police emergency forces the cadets into real action for the first time. During the riot, a wanted criminal manages to steal two Police revolvers from Blankes and Copeland. They managed to hide from the criminal in a building and much to their horror, it's the Blue Oyster Bar. Barbara manages to avoid the rioters, but finds himself confronted by the same men who bullied him when he was working at a picture developing booth. Despite their attempts to bully him again, Barbara takes control of the situation by asserting himself. Soon he orders the men to return the furniture and leave, only to learn the men were actually moving out due to the riots. The outlaw then proceeds to capture Harris in the confusion, taking the Officer to the roof of a nearby building as a hostage. Mahoney, putting aside his uneven past with Harris, bravely attempts a rescue, which is promptly fumbled, allowing Mahoney to be taken as a second hostage. Just as both are about to be killed, it is none other than Hightower who suddenly appears on the rooftop. The former cadet manages to fool the madman into thinking he is a fellow crook and demands that he kill Harris. However, when the criminal does try to pull the trigger, Hightower easily knocks him unconscious and he falls onto the stairs. When he wakes up to kill Hightower, Hooks quickly apprehends him by entering the back door to the building (which she tried to tell Sgt. Callahan . Mahoney and Hightower both graduate from the Academy a few days later and for their rescue of Lt. Harris and capture of his kidnapper, also receive the Academy's highest commendation. All of the cadets graduate with flying colours, finally winning a respectful salute from the reluctant Harris.