A woman named Jamie  comes to Omaha, Nebraska after numerous phone calls to her grandmother have gone unanswered. Her grandmother's apartment block, which is built next to a cornfield, is empty, except for two young, and creepy, children. Jamie discovers that her grandmother has received a notice of eviction. She goes to see Det. Armbrister, who is not much help. While at the grocery store, Jamie runs into the same creepy kids. The don't speak. Jamie teaches them how to play a video game, which involves shooting zombies. As she leaves, another kid arrives, demanding a quarter from Jamie so she can play the game. Jamie later meets a mysterious priest, who does not say anything. She returns to her grandmother's apartment to discover a message: "Jamie go home." Jamie questions the manager, Jerry, but he is so stoned that he is useless. Jamie enters the basement and finds a crop of carrots and tomatoes. She flees when she hears a group of children laughing. She runs into a man with a gun, who tells her to keep out of the basement. She later meets two more tenants, an old man in a wheelchair who swears at everyone. And a young woman named Tiffany, a stripper. Jerry invites Jamie to a BBQ on the roof, she agrees to go in a few minutes. On the roof, Jerry takes a bite of corn and discovers there is blood inside. Then he is thrown off of the roof by the creepy children. Jamie goes to the roof and sees the priest watching her from below. Jamie has a nightmare in which her grandmother was lured from her house by a strange voice. She was lured onto the railroad tracks and was hit by a train. The next day, Jamie goes to see Det. Armbrister who reveals Jamie's grandmother was part of a religious cult when she was a kid. The kids, who were led by a boy-preacher named Abel, committed suicide by entering a tent and setting it ablaze. Only Jamie's grandmother survived. Jamie's grandmother's apartment is built upon the site of the fire. This is ironic, because Jamie's parents were killed in a house fire. Tiffany returns home and, while taking a bath, she is attacked by one of the children who uses corn to strangle her, before taking her body. Det. Armbrister and Jamie arrive at the apartment, but don't notice Tiffany's body lying nearby in the cornfield. Later, after Det. Armbrister leaves, the old man in the wheelchair is attacked by the kids and is pushed through a stair balcony and falls to his death. Jamie returns to the grocery store, which is ransacked. She spots a kid wearing her grandmother's hat and chases after her. It is revealed that the shopkeeper was decapitated. Jamie returns to the apartment, where she runs into the man with the gun. He reveals that everyone else has disappeared and that he is leaving. As he makes his escape, the kids trap him in an elevator and scare him so much, that he has a heart attack and dies. The kids then drag off his body. The priest arrives and explains about Gatlin, and He Who Walks Behind the Rows, who is apparently the devil. The priest tells Jamie that her grandmother is dead and that if she does not leave, she too will be killed. The priest then leaves. Some of the children arrive and take Jamie down to the basement, where there are now rows of corn growing. Abel appears and the children close in on her. One of the children reveals herself to be Jamie's grandmother and though she is a child, speaks in the voice of an old woman. Jamie runs for it, but Abel uses his power to prevent her from leaving. Cornered, Jamie faces Abel and the children, who ask her to join them. Jamie agrees, but it is only a distraction and she causes a gas explosion, but Abel is unscathed. Abel uses corn stalks to tie down Jamie, but she is rescued by Det. Armbrister. They both manage to escape before the apartment explodes and destroys the corn as well. It is implied that the souls of the children were freed and Abel was killed.