Wellman Anthony Santee  is a former racecar driver who has turned to a life of crime since the death of his mother. Santee and his friend Eddie Turner  bend the law for profit by hauling exotic stolen cars. Santee's latest assignment is to transport suspicious goods across the desert, but a Highway Patrol cop pulls him over. Turner tries to reason with the cop. But then a pair of cops named Frank Severence  and Jack "Rudy" Rudisill  show up. There is a gun battle in which Turner is killed, and Santee is wounded. Severence murders the highway patrolman, and pins it on Santee. After recovering in a prison hospital, Santee escapes during transfer to the fictional San Gorgonio Penitentiary and takes a hostage named Rita Marrick , not suspecting that she's a cop. Rita keeps her identity a secret from Santee while Rita's partner Michael Agnos  leads the search for Santee and Rita. As Santee eludes capture with the help of Eddie's widow and child, Severence and Rudisill horn in on the investigation. Rita's sole escape attempt fails and nearly forces Santee to shoot law enforcers, and she begins harboring doubts about Santee's guilt. Santee releases Rita and invades Severence's home, forcing his wife Esther  to provide the phone number of former associate Jimmy Shoeshine , from whom he demands payments due to him and Eddie. Santee is rejoined by Rita, who finds evidence in the house supporting his claims, and they escape, barely evading gun blasts from Esther and a highway patrolmen. At Jimmy Shoeshine's warehouse, Santee handcuffs Rita out of harm's way and decimates the car thieves' lethal mechanics. Severence and Rudisill arrive and are forced to kill the interfering Michael. Rita, devastated by Michael's death, joins Santee in a desperate race for life. As Severence and Rudisill close in, a crime scene officer discovers a surveillance tape that recorded Severence killing Michael. Santee fatally snaps Rudisill's neck during a cliffside struggle. Just as he's about to execute Severence, the police arrive. Severence is taken away, and Santee is vindicated.