The story is similar to the earlier Hudson-Day Pillow Talk , revolving around mistaken identity, with a man trying to seduce a woman who hates his real identity, by feigning lack of experience with women. In a New York advertising agency, Jerry Webster , a Madison Avenue ad executive, has achieved success not through hard work or intelligence but by wining and dining his clients, even setting them up on dates with attractive girls. Jerry's equal and sworn enemy at a rival agency is Carol Templeton . Although she has never met him, Carol is disgusted by Jerry's unethical tactics and reports him to the Ad Council. Jerry avoids trouble with his usual aplomb, sending a comely chorus girl, Rebel Davis , to seduce the council members. Jerry then promises Rebel a spot in commercials, so he shoots some featuring her for “VIP,” a non-existent product. The commercials accidentally are broadcast on TV, thanks to the perplexed company president, Pete Ramsey . Jerry needs to come up with a product quickly. He bribes a chemist, Dr. Linus Tyler , to come up with a “VIP” that could be marketed. Jerry pretends to be the inventor to Carol, while she is attempting to steal the account from him by wining, dining, golfing, and frolicking at the beach with him. Carol learns the truth. Appalled, she once more reports him to the Advertising Council, this time for promoting a product that doesn't exist. Jerry, however, arrives at the hearing with VIP, a mint-flavored candy Dr. Tyler has created. He provides a free sample to everyone there, including Carol. “VIP” turns out to be an intoxicating candy, having the same effect as a triple martini. Its extreme effects lead to a one-night stand between Carol  and her bitter rival, Jerry, complete with marriage license. Carol has the marriage annulled, but Jerry convinces the liquor industry to give Carol a quarter of its advertising. Jerry leaves New York to work in the company's California branch — only to be called back nine months later to remarry Carol in a hospital maternity ward, just before she gives birth to their child.