U.S. Navy Lieutenant Harry Brubaker  is a naval reservist called back to active duty from his civilian job as an attorney to fly jets in the Korean War. Returning from a mission with battle damage, he is forced to ditch into the sea but is rescued by a helicopter crewed by Chief Mike Forney  and Aircrewman Nestor Gamidge . Forney is often in trouble for brawling and sporting a non-regulation green top hat and scarf as encouragement to pilots in the water. Back aboard his ship, the aircraft carrier USS Savo Island, Brubaker is called to the quarters of Admiral Tarrant , who has taken an interest in Brubaker because he reminds Tarrant of his son, a Navy pilot killed in World War II. Brubaker takes advantage of being "the admiral’s boy" to complain about the unfairness of his recall when America is not actually "at war" and most Americans have no involvement. The Savo Island returns to port in Japan, where Brubaker is given a three-day shore leave in Tokyo with his wife Nancy  and their children. The reunion is interrupted when Gamidge comes to Brubaker asking his help in bailing Forney out of the guardhouse after a brawl. She expresses her bewilderment to Tarrant, who explains that Fortney saved her husband from freezing to death and warns her that when they return to Korea, Brubaker will have to attack the dangerous bridges at Toko-ri. He advises her to face the reality that Harry might be killed, which neither his wife nor daughter-in-law did and were crushed by despair. Late that night Nancy asks Brubaker about the bridges. Back off Korea, Brubaker flies as wingman for Commander Lee  on a dangerous reconnaissance to photograph the bridges. Lee briefs his pilots on the coming mission using the film he took and Brubaker loses his nerve. However he cannot bring himself to quit the mission or write a final letter to Nancy. Forney crosses the Savos captain once too often and is exiled to a helicopter scow. As he is leaving the ship, he notices Brubaker's distress, and relates a "cure" for bad nerves that has worked for him. Brubaker follows his advice and finds renewed strength within himself. In the attack, the anti-aircraft fire is intense but the jets destroy the bridges without a loss. Lee then leads them to attack a secondary target, where Brubaker’s jet is hit. Leaking fuel and descending, he tries to return to the ship but crash-lands. Forney and Gamidge attempt to pick him up, but enemy troops shoot down the helicopter. Gamidge is killed and Forney takes cover in a muddy ditch with Brubaker. They try to hold off the enemy until they can be rescued, but both are soon killed. Tarrant, angered by the news that Brubaker is dead, demands an explanation from Lee of why he attacked the second target. Lee retorts that Brubaker was his "boy" too, and that despite the losses, the mission was a success. Tarrant, realizing that Lee is correct, rhetorically asks, "Where do we get such men?"