Kool  is a good kid from the inner city with ambitions of becoming a successful rap star, a black belt in karate, and in love with LaShawna , poised and college bound. The movie starts with Kool jumping out of a two story window running towards his red Nissan only to be given chase by the Los Angeles Police Department he seems to have escaped police pursuit until they tail him again and the car hightails into a river then Kool narrates his story as the movie flashes back 6 months earlier. Kool, C-Dawg , Pee Wee , and Remo  are all seen playing a card game at a neighborhood barbecue. Kool impresses his friends at the table by free-styling while playing cards. Then the movie introduces LaShawna and Mrs. Ferrel  as LaShawna asks has Kool gotten to the Barbecue as Mrs. Ferrel just shuns him off not liking the company he keeps around him. LaShawna gets dressed and she goes out to the barbecue, Kool and LaShawna tries to persuade Mrs. Ferrel to let LaShawna go to Las Vegas, in which Mrs. Ferrel declines and tells Kool to take her daughter to the museum since she said Kool was an "artist". The movie then skips ahead to Kool sparring with other students in a Kenpo-karate class by the in which Master Keaton  is his mentor. Kool has made his transition from a brown belt to a black belt. The movie then skips to the next day and introduces Tyrel  and he's arguing with C-Dawg about Mike Tyson biting Holyfields ear off in the boxing match. Kool changes the subject and turns on a song that he wrote in which his friends don't give him credit for. Then LaShawna comes they go over to Kools house and LaShawna remembers his birthday and had a cake baked for him. The movie cuts to an office at the LAPD precinct. Officer Mack  is interrupted from his work by Maurice  and Mack tries to tell him that the deal is off due to there being an undercover cop on the deal. Maurice tells Mack that the deal is still on and that he'd better be there. The movie jumps back to Kool and LaShawna with Kool telling LaShawna that he had wrote her a song that was going to get them out of the hood and into a better place. Which is interrupted by Tyrel knocking on the door telling Kool to hurry up because something big is about to go down and C-Dawg and Remo are in the middle of it. LaShawna hears Tyrel screaming at the door and she gives Kool the go ahead despite Kool not wanting her to walk home by herself as she is walking home she witnesses a stabbing and discovers the victim is a cop as he dies in her arms, as he dies Officer Mack, who is a dirty cop, brandishes his gun, which causes LaShawna to run away from the crime scene just as help is arriving and LaShawna runs all the way home where she is apprehended and taken into custody. Kool arrives and Eddy Anthony Boswell explains that she has just been charged with murder despite he and Kool knowing that she would never kill anyone. Eddy is reluctant to help but can't due to the fact that it isn't his murder case. Kool wants to prove her innocence, and Tully , the cynical detective in charge, ignores LaShawna's case but uses Kool to break up an incipient crime operation. Which has Saint  jailed and LaShawna's certain release. She's in danger because the guilty parties fear that the officer talked before he died. While in jail, pregnant with Kool's first born child and awaiting a hearing and legal help, she's beaten to death by Mack. While at LaShawna's funeral, Officer Mack pulls out an Uzi and fires upon the funeral. Kool gets into a hearse and gives chase to Mack, Kool eventually catches up to Mack and destroys the van he is driving, killing him. After being double crossed by a crooked cop and having his girlfriend wrongfully accused of murder and jailed, he begins to find difficulty in ignoring the lure of urban gang-life, Kool vows revenge: the Hot Boyz are born. Kool is eventually pushed over the edge by a pair of racist cops and decides to start his own gang called "Hot Boyz," who turn out to be the toughest new gang in the city. As the Hot Boyz continue their rise of dominance, they are all at a club and Tyrel comes and sits at the bar with them and tells them that Saint gets released from prison at 9 o'clock in the morning, Tyrel and Remo insists that they kill him before he puts together another crew and there will be a turf war between Saint and the Hot Boyz. Moe  is an informant who is helping out Officer Roberts  with the case at hand, Moe tells Roberts exactly what he wants to know and Moe skips town after it happens. Pee Wee makes a deal with Saint, who lets him in his organization when he told about the hit the Hot Boyz were planning on him. C-Dawg finds out what Pee Wee did, then he and Kool confront him about it. Kool is about to brandish a plane ticket to send Pee Wee to his hometown but Pee Wee, thinking Kool is about to kill him, runs for his own safety and is shot and killed by C-Dawg. Kool reveals that he was going to send him home with a plane ticket. Saint finds the warehouse where the Hot Boyz do their business and has his crew guns drawn and ready to kill anybody, but not only Saint's crew, the corrupt police work alongside them. A 10 minute gunfight ensues, in which most of the Hot Boyz are killed or injured. Kool and Tully have a standoff in which Kool wins due to an assist from an injured C-Dawg, and in the end as he jumps out of the window hops into a car and jumps into the river and tells the audience that "There was time when the world was his, LaShawna, Him, and their baby, the future looked so good for him, and now he is on a dead impact and a crash course with destiny. He also tells the audience that it's funny when you're thirty-eight feet below, all the guns, and the money in the world doesn't even matter any more, and that you find yourself thinking about the strangest things, He found himself thinking about justice, and that he realized had not found any for himself, he had just been sinking deeper and deeper, and that now all he wonders is if he had any air to get away, will he have anything to live for any more." He tells the audience that eventually the police found him and he found himself locked in prison for 30 years until Eddy got him out on a legal loophole after only serving 5 years in prison, he got a second chance to live a good life a life that he says LaShawna and his baby would have approved of. As the movie ends it shows flashbacks of LaShawna to the viewer and Kool says that a good life is worth living because as long as he lives the memory of LaShawna lives on forever, and that love is something to believe in, and besides all he has now is memories.