Trembling Before G-d interviews and follows several gay and lesbian Orthodox Jews, many only seen in silhouette, and also interviews several rabbis and psychologists regarding their views on homosexuality in Orthodox Judaism. The film repeatedly returns to several characters: David is an observant Orthodox Jewish doctor from Los Angeles who has spent a decade trying to reconcile his homosexuality with Judaism. He has tried numerous forms of "treatment", from eating figs and praying to wearing a rubber band on his wrist to flick whenever he thinks of men, but to no avail.<ref name1353371 Trembling before G-d], Hollywoodreporter.com. Retrieved February 18, 2007. During the course of the film, David decides to visit the Chabad rabbi to whom he first came out.Tremblingbeforeg-d.com, Who's Who. Retrieved March 9, 2007. Israel is a 58-year-old New Yorker who decided he couldn't be gay and Orthodox, and turned his back on his religion, though not before his family forced him into electroshock therapy to try to cure him. Now a tour guide around the Haredi neighborhoods of New York, the film follows him as he gives a tour, psychoanalyzes himself and decides, on the 25th anniversary of being with his life partner, to call his 98-year-old father, a rabbi, whom he has not seen in over twenty years.<ref namehttp://www.calendarlive.com/movies/reviews/cl-movie000013084feb20,0,2776571.story|date DASHBot}} Michelle is another New Yorker, in her forties, who believed she was the only Hasidic lesbian in the world and as a consequence allowed herself to be pressured into marriage. However, she got divorced and was subsequently ostracized by her family and community when they discovered she was homosexual. The film shows her visiting her old neighborhood and an Orthodox fair.Armstrong, Rod, Reel Review: Trembling Before G-d, Reel.com. Retrieved February 18, 2007. Rabbi Steven Greenberg, one of the founding members of the Jerusalem Open House, a gay rights organization in Israel which provides support to gay Orthodox Jews and their families, who is sometimes called "the world’s first openly gay Orthodox rabbi",{{cite web}} discusses parents' reactions to their children coming out, as well as traditional interpretations of the prohibitions on homosexual acts in the Torah. Shlomo Ashkenazy is a gay psychotherapist who has run a confidential support group for Orthodox gay men for nearly 20 years.<ref name432 Trembling Before G-d], Slant Magazine. Retrieved February 18, 2007. Mark is the English son of a Haredi rabbi. Coming out at 15, he was expelled from seven yeshivas for homosexual activity before becoming a drag queen, and is now dying of AIDS-related illness. He visits several yeshivas and other religious sites throughout the film.French, Philip , Trembling Before G-d, The Observer. Retrieved February 18, 2007. He remains upbeat, at one point saying, "Being a Jew is such a nice present to receive." "Malka" and "Leah" are two observant Orthodox lesbians who have been together for ten years, which has destroyed Malka's relationship with her family. They speak frankly about their lives in the film and discuss their fears that they may not end up in heaven together. They are shown preparing for Shabbat, and Leah gives advice to a married Hasidic lesbian who is terrified her husband will find out and take away her children.Burke, Brian , Trembling Before G-d, DVDVerdict.com. Retrieved February 18, 2007. The film follows her as she attends her first gay pride parade, where she is offended by the anti-Orthodox sentiment of its speakers.