It first follows the aging and eccentric Rudolf II, who refuses to hear out ambassadors and falls into fits, destroying vases and dishes. The conflict between he and his brother Matthias, is demonstrated here. He welcomes Magister Edward Kelly in his palace and shows him around. He keeps an alchemist laboratory in his palace, where generally either swindlers or fools work . There is also a character who, when the Emperor asks him of his doings, always begins to babble in a senseless language .  One character, Alessandro Scotta , appears repeatedly: instead of experimenting, he cooks sausages and approaches the emperor with a cleaning product, with which he immediately cleans the floor, making it slippery and causing another person to slip, to the amusement of the Emperor. Rudolf is obsessed with finding the Golem. He and Scotta later accidentally stumble upon him while performing a magic ritual . But he does not have the Shem and cannot awaken him. The movie then follows a baker, Matew, Matěj  who is confronted with angry people who want bread but cannot receive it, because it is meant for royalty. He is later imprisoned in the dungeons for spreading bread to poor people. Later on, Kelly reveals his homunculus, to whom the Emperor wishes to teach everything of our world . She and Matěj communicate through vents between Kelly's room and the dungeons. Later the Emperor takes part in what is supposed to make him young again by Alessandro Scotta's drink of youth . Then he and his entourage ride on a carriage to country side to remind themselves of the sins of their misspent youth. Meanwhile Matěj escapes the dungeons. Unknowing subjects of the Emperor find the fugitive  in a bath and, believing the rejuvenation to have worked out hold him for the emperor. Matěj gets into an embarrassed scene with the emperor's "consort" . He believes he killed her and puts her on top of a two-story bed. A sphere of intrigue  between the emperor's councilors is shown and all basically want the shem, which a hound is spotted to have. Matěj  sits as a table with Tycho de Brahe and talks about planets and as the astronomer demonstrates the moving of planets with the wine grails, he mixes a wine grail with poison, arranged by the councilors. They are stunned, unknowing which grail is the poisoned one, take theirs on Matěj's demands. The situation escalates, as the Golem is awakened and destroys the general, who wanted to use him to conquer the whole world. The Emperor returns and chaos is at large. The Matěj manages to reason Golem into stopping and then uses his power to bake for the poor.