Brothers Terry  and Ian , who live in South London, were raised by a weak father  who runs a restaurant, and a strong mother ([[Clare Higgins  who taught her sons to look up to their uncle Howard , a successful businessman. Both brothers decide to buy a sailboat, which they are given at an oddly low price, despite its near pristine condition. They decide to name it Cassandra's Dream, after the greyhound that won the race in which Terry won the money to buy the boat. Knowing nothing of Greek mythology, they are unaware of the ominous antecedents of this name: the ancient prophetess Cassandra, whose prophecies of doom went unheeded by those around her. After a day sailing with their current girlfriends and while driving back home in a borrowed car, Ian crosses paths with beautiful actress Angela Stark , with whom he falls in love. The brothers' financial difficulties&nbsp;&ndash; Terry has a gambling problem, while Ian wishes to invest in hotels in California to finance a new life with Angela&nbsp;&ndash; lead them to ask for Howard's help. He agrees to help them, but asks for a favor in return: They must murder someone for him. He admits that he is about to go to jail because of accusations coming from Martin Burns, a business partner who plans to testify against him, and asks his two nephews if they can help to get rid of him. After initial reluctance, the two brothers agree. They make a working zip gun from metal and wood, planning to burn it afterwards. In an initial attempt, they wait in Burns' home; unexpectedly he is accompanied by a woman. Panicked, they leave and agree to commit the murder the next day. In the next attempt, they succeed in carrying out the murder, and burn the gun. Ian is content to move on as if nothing happened, but Terry, high-strung by nature, is consumed by guilt and begins abusing alcohol and pills. This frightens his girlfriend , who meets Ian to tell him about the situation, mentioning that Terry believes he has killed someone. Terry's behavior begins to get out of control, thus terrifying Ian. After Terry confides to his brother that he's thinking about turning himself in to the police, Ian goes to Howard for advice. Together, they agree there is no other alternative but to get rid of Terry. Ian then plans to poison Terry during a trip on the boat. In the end, however, Ian can't bring himself to kill his own brother and attacks him in a fit of rage. In the chaos, Terry knocks Ian down the steps into the cabin, killing him. The boat is later discovered adrift by the police, and the audience learns that Terry, who was already suicidal, snapped and drowned himself after killing his brother. The last shot is of Cassandra's Dream, still in beautiful condition despite the tragedies it set in motion.