Elliot Hopper  is a workaholic widower who is about to land the deal of a lifetime at work, which he hopes will win him a promotion and a company car. After he forgets his daughter Diane's birthday, Elliot attempts to make it up to her by promising her she can have his car when he secures the deal at work on the coming Thursday. After being persuaded to give the car to his daughter early, Elliot then ends up hailing a taxi from work, which is driven by a Satanist named Curtis Burch , who drives very erratically and speeds out of control. In an attempt to get the man to stop the taxi, Elliot convinces Curtis that he  is Satan and commands him to stop the taxi. Shocked to see his "Evil Master," Burch has an accident and drives off a bridge, causing him and Elliot to fall to their deaths below. Elliot emerges from the accident scene and approaches a police officer on the scene, but he quickly learns that he is, in fact, a ghost when the police officer begins urinating on his shoes. Elliot returns home and is shocked to find his three children are capable of seeing him, but only when he is in a dark room with no light. Although they are unable to hear him, they soon learn that he is a ghost. Struggling to tell his family what has happened, he is suddenly whisked away to London by a paranormal researcher named Sir Edith , who tells him he is a ghost who is yet to enter the "After Life" and that he has until Thursday before his soul crosses over. The pressure of work and helping his children with their various problems lead to a comedic series of events in which he struggles to keep his job until Thursday to ensure his family's survival without him. One day, he is faced with choosing between staying in an important work meeting and helping his son complete a magic trick at school. He eventually decides that his family's happiness is more important and walks out on his furious boss, Mr. Collins , who later fires him. Dejected, Elliot reveals himself as a ghost to his love interest, Joan  who is initially shocked, but later sympathetic. Edith arrives from London, extremely famished, but with the exciting news for Elliot that he is not dead; he is simply a spirit that jumped out of his body in fright. In the excitement to find Elliot's body and reunite his spirit with it, Diane trips on a pair of skates that Elliot's youngest daughter Amanda left on the staircase, causing her to fall down the staircase and get seriously injured. They rush her to the hospital and Elliot is confronted by Diane's spirit, for she had also jumped out of her body; she takes it all very humorously, flying excitedly around the hospital ward. Elliot begs her to get back into her body, imploring her not to waste her life as his body starts to "flicker". Diane becomes concerned as Elliot collapses on the floor, and races into the intensive care unit, where she discovers her father's body. She then helps him into the room, where he learns his body had no identification on it, as the taxi driver had taken his wallet before the accident. Elliot returns to his body and wakes up, along with Diane, who jumps off the operating table excitedly and tells the rest of family what has happened. Reunited, the family are just leaving the hospital to return home when Elliot spots a yellow taxi parked outside. He discovers Burch behind the wheel, delighted to see his "Evil Master" and gives Elliot his imitation Gucci wallet back. Elliot then tells Burch to go to hell and sit on red hot coals and wait for him "until it snows", to which Curtis agrees enthusiastically.