{{Plot}} Jackie aka Asian Hawk  used to perform in a band with his friends Alan  and Lorelei  before he was kicked out of the band by Alan, who wanted Lorelei for himself. At the beginning of the film, Jackie steals a sword from an African tribe that is one of the five pieces of a valuable armour known as the Armour of God. Alan is still a successful singer and Lorelei is a renowned fashion-designer. During the course of the film, Jackie is shown trying to sell the Armour of God via auction. He has a secretly placed an artificial bidder whose job is to increase the bids by bidding a few hundred dollars more than the highest bidder. Although unexpected, the armour manages to get an astronomical bid by May Bannon. Happy with his grand fortune, Jackie goes back to his hotel where he discovers a big stack of messages from Alan informing Jackie of his arrival. When Jackie and Alan meet, Alan out of desperation  tells Jackie of an evil cult which has kidnapped Lorelei and demands the Armour of God as ransom. At this, Jackie sees the opportunity to remind Alan about their past failed friendship. Jackie decides to aid Alan in rescuing Lorelei from the evil religious cult that has stolen her in hopes of Asian Hawk delivering the last three pieces of the Armor to them as they have the other two. With this information, Jackie is able to convince May Bannon and her father to borrow the three pieces with the promise that Jackie would return with all five to May's father. Soon, Jackie, Alan, and May starts the quest of bringing the whole set of the Armour of God. The trio goes to the marketplace where the kidnappers will be. May has a sniper rifle and will watch Jackie and Alan do. Alan walks around the marketplace carrying a bag that tricks the kidnappers, thinking it's the Armour of God. Soon, one of the kidnappers approaches Alan and shows Alan a picture of Lorelei. Alan follows the kidnappers, and Jackie starts moving around Alan. One of the kidnappers opened Alan's bag, and it turns out that it wasn't the Armour of God. Jackie bursts into action and fights the first two kidnappers. Jackie and Alan chase the first two kidnappers, but, the kidnappers had a bunch of men hiding. Jackie and Alan are chased and a car chase ensues. Alan starts to worry about Lorelei and the Armour of God, but Jackie says that it would have not saved Lorelei, Alan gets fed up with Jackie. Eventually, they manage to get away. Later, Alan asks a waiter what the kidnappers do. The waiter said that the kidnappers buy food and take some women on board. Jackie, Alan, and May decide to go into the kidnappers' place, and tries to blend in with the people on board. Soon, the kidnappers give Lorelei an injection that will put her under a spell for three days and bring back the Armour of God back to the kidnappers' place. Soon, the kidnappers knew something suspicious about the people. Jackie, Alan, and May bring Lorelei back to their place. Since Lorelei is under a spell, she gave Alan the same injection as herself and stole the three pieces of the Armour of God. Jackie decides to find out about Alan and Lorelei and goes to the kidnappers' place. In the kidnappers' place, Jackie finds Alan and Lorelei tied up. Jackie frees them and ambushes the kidnappers. Jackie finds the Armour of God in a different room and the leader of the kidnappers starts to attack Jackie with his women, who are "killing machines". After defeating the kidnappers' leader of his women, the leader has all of his men attack Jackie. Jackie reveals a jacket full of dynamite underneath his jacket. Since the leader and his men are afraid of fire, they won't attack Jackie. After taking all of his dynamite from his Jacket, he escapes while the kidnapper's place explodes. Jackie spots a hot-air balloon with Alan, Lorelei and May inside, and Jackie uses a smoke signal. Jackie jumps off the ledge he is standing and lands on the balloon and the movie ends.