This episode, subtitled "A Lesson in Forgiveness", teaches viewers the importance of forgiving others when they act carelessly or thoughtlessly. The episode opens with Bob and Larry on the countertop as usual and Bob remarks that the other day he ran into a boy named "Marco". Marco says that when his little sister does something that makes him upset and then apologizes, his mother says he needs to forgive her. But Marco asks "Why do I have to forgive?" In response, Larry tells a story in a style akin to John Steinbeck's The Grapes of Wrath. In this segment, Pa Grape makes his VeggieTales debut as the father of family of cranky grapes, The Grapes of Wrath, who seemingly live off name-calling and insults.http://www.christiananswers.net/spotlight/movies/pre2000/rvu-veg2.html While driving down the road, they spot Junior Asparagus playing with his dump truck and begin to try and figure out what he is, even mistaking his hat for cheese and calling him "Bean Boy". When he corrects them by taking off his cap, the Grapes laugh at him due to his large hair, hurting his feelings and making him cry. He is then helped by his dad who explains to the Grapes that it isn't nice to pick on people and Junior forgives the Grapes at his dad's urging. However, after Junior falls down a hill and crashes into his sandbox, the Grapes laugh at Junior again and he is unwilling to forgive them a second time. Because of Junior's unforgiveness, Bob and Larry interact with the story and try to figure out how many times one should forgive. Qwerty then shows the multiplication problem "What is 70 X 7" - a bible verse from the NT {{Bibleref2c}}. When Rosie figures out the answer to Qwerty's question, the Grapes ask for Junior's forgiveness and the "Grapes of Wrath" are renamed "The Grapes of Math". This is the first episode that does not have a Silly Song. Instead the Silly Song was replaced with an advertisement starring Scallion #1 for a machine used to predict that God would forgive your sin called "The Forgive-O-Matic." Junior however interrupts the commercial and tries to convince Scallion #1 that he should instead simply ask God for forgiveness. Scallion #1 then tries to re-advertise The Forgive-O-Matic as a julienne fry maker and a Chia model. The commercial closes when Junior turns of the lights and camera telling the Scallion to say "Goodnight Gracie", a reference to the ending line of the Burns and Allen radio and television shows. The second segment, "Larry's Lagoon", parodies the first episode of the television classic Gilligan's Island. In this story Larry the Cucumber] plays the part of the first mate who crashes and sinks the ship, thus marooning its passengers and crew on a deserted island. Due to this accident, the passengers hold a grudge against Larry for ruining their vacation despite his apology and Larry runs off. However, Bob the Tomato, playing the part of the Skipper, realizes the error of their ways and the group forgives Larry for stranding them. Then a Palm Tree named Palmy appears and congraulates everyone for their forgiveness and starts to sing "The Forgiveness Song." The cast is finally able to escape the island on a bamboo helicopter cobbled together overnight by the Professor. Then the shows ends with Qwerty giving out another Bible verse that says, "Forgive others, as The Lord forgave you."http://www.christiananswers.net/spotlight/movies/pre2000/rvu-veg2.html