The film opens with Jake Raye as he fights Mickey Sheehan in a pro-kickboxing bout. The movie opens as they enter the fifth Round of the Lightweight Championship Match. Jake delivers Mickey a lightning fast kick to the throat in the middle of the sixth round, instantly killing him. Seeing what he had done, he decides to give up kickboxing once and for all. A year later, a friend and manager Vinny Petrello  asks him for a favor to travel to Manila and bail him out of trouble with a guy named Su. Although Jake's evening with a prostitute  is interrupted, he agrees to help his friend in need. Jake Raye travels to Manila, and meets up with local fighters John Jones , Sal Taylor , Manny Rivera , and Tobo Casenerra . He also meets up with Dieter , the head of the Dojo. Thugs attack Jake, and is helped by a woman named Mariella  into an abandoned safehouse. Mariella betrays him, and the thugs enter the safehouse. Dieter drugs Raye, and puts him on the ship with the other fighters. Raye is re-acquained with his friend Bobby Rose  and meets another fighter named Ernesto . It is revealed that Su  is the one who bring the fighters to his island home called Paradise, and it is also revealed that Vinny is helping Su get the fighters there to battle in gladiator matches. The fighters briefly rebel giving Jake Raye time to escape. Soon Raye has a change of heart and decides to free the other fighters. He makes it back to the house undetected by Su, and is helped once more by Mariella. Mariella and Raye uncover a plot for Su to give anabolic steroids to each of his fighters before the match. Jake Raye takes out some guards before he is discovered by Dieter and knocked unconscious by Vinny, pretending to be in trouble. Jake is taken to the challenger’s box of the arena, where Su, Vinny, and his guests are awaiting the matching. Both John and Ernest die in the arena while battling their opponents  the help of Mariella, the remaining surviving fighters  manage to escape and beat all the guards. Bobby shoots Dieter while escaping, and the film ends after Jake defeats Su with a swift kick off the balcony. The five people begin to walk off Paradise forever.