The film opens at a Rotary Club function to honor the recently retired Justice Jyotin Chatterjee. The judge has served the profession all his life with honor and spotless integrity. As he is about to retire, he recognizes there will now be a void in his life. His wife remarks to reporters that neither he nor she knows what he would do after he retires. Retired life is not easy for the aging judge. The younger generation is bolder and quicker than he was in his time. He is invited as the guest of honor at many functions. But he finds that his stump speech about the venerable and time-tested legal profession falls flat. The youngsters wish to know when the law will relax its grip on their issues . The judge admits that love makes the world go round and urges the youngsters to enjoy their youth but to do so responsibly. The judge also agrees  to a suggestion from his family and visits Joggers Park to get some exercise. He finds that the Park moves at the pace of its younger regulars, much too quickly for him. He wonders if he will ever catch up. Around this time he meets Jenny Suratwala at Joggers Park. Jenny is a young and vivacious freelance model and event planner. One of his speeches had made an impression on her young mind, and she wishes to learn more about him. They become friends. As their friendship deepens, they discover a new world in each other. Jenny learns from the judge's vast experiences, and the judge uses her perspectives to enter and appreciate the younger generation. Jenny brings an element of need. She is faced with a legal problem around the ownership of her late father's apartment, and the judge helps her fight and win her case. The friendship deepens. The judge is taken by her exhilarating views and wishes to see more of her. She, too, pines for him when they are apart. Around this time, some of Jenny's younger male colleagues are perturbed by this relationship. It thwarts them from pursuing Jenny, and it is not socially acceptable because of the conspicuous age difference. They resolve to find a way to end it, and settle on stalking the couple and taking pictures of their intimate moments.  On one occasion, Jenny discovers them taking pictures, and she angrily berates them and destroys some of the pictures. Jenny finally admits she is in love with the judge. Meanwhile, the judge is faced with a family problem of his own. His son has been caught having an affair. His daughter exposes the incident and asks the judge, the vanguard of honor, to deliver judgement. The judge strongly reprimands his son and orders him to end the affair and seek forgiveness from his family. The family honor comes first. Jenny has an upcoming birthday. One of her friends is planning the party. She invites the judge to attend the party and openly profess his love for her. If he truly meant his speeches, then he must act accordingly and express his feelings without fear or remorse. On the day of the party, a strange man shows up at the judge's house. He is Tariq Ahmed, the editor and publisher of a local tabloid. Jenny's jealous colleagues brought the photos to his tabloid, and Tariq intercepted them just in time to avoid publication. It turns out that Tariq owes a debt of gratitude to the judge for having helped him with a difficult case several years ago. He turns the photos over to the judge's daughter. The daughter confronts the judge. This incident also involves the family honor. The judge is compelled to end his relationship with Jenny. Several years later, the judge runs into Jenny at the airport. Jenny is now married and has a child. They greet each other warmly and Jenny introduces him  to her husband. They fondly remember their previous association as the film ends.