Dashing Rahul Khanna  and tomboy Anjali Sharma  are best friends in St. Xavier's College, and are extremely close. The college principal, Mr. Malhotra's  daughter Tina  comes to St. Xavier's to finish her degree, and quickly becomes friends with Rahul and Anjali. When Anjali realizes that she is in love with Rahul, she is encouraged by her motherly housekeeper Rifat Bi  to tell him so. Instead, Anjali is left heartbroken when Rahul tells her he loves Tina. She decides to leave college and shares a tearful goodbye with Rahul, going away from Rahul and Tina's lives forever. Tina then realizes that she came between two best friends, two lovers. After college, Rahul marries Tina and, in a year of marriage, they give birth to a baby girl. Tina had complications in her pregnancy and has little time left so she writes eight letters to her daughter&nbsp;— one for each of her first eight birthdays, so that she will know her mother. Before dying, Tina asks Rahul to name their daughter Anjali in memory of Anjali Sharma. Eight years pass; Rahul is a single parent living with his daughter and loving mother . On her eighth birthday, little Anjali Khanna  reads the last and most important letter her mother left her, which tells the story of Anjali Sharma and how Anjali was always Rahul's true love. Anjali Khanna is given the mission of reuniting Rahul with Anjali Sharma and bringing back Rahul's lost love. Anjali Sharma is no longer the tomboy she was in college; she is now more feminine, and is engaged to Aman Mehra . However, she explains to her mother  that she does not really love him and is marrying him as a compromise as she feels she can never love again after losing Rahul. Anjali Khanna and her grandmother search for Anjali Sharma and soon learn that she is going to be working at a summer camp&nbsp;— they travel there, and Anjali Khanna meets her for the first time. That night, Anjali Sharma realizes she has met her best friend's daughter, and that Tina is dead. Rahul arrives at summer camp, where he and Anjali are surprised and delighted to see each other again, sharing an sweet reunion. Throughout the days spent at the camp, Rahul and Anjali feel themselves falling in love. However, Anjali remembers that she is engaged and feels guilty. Aman arrives and tells Rahul that he is Anjali's fiancee. Rahul is heartbroken but congratualtes Anjali. She takes this as him rejecting her again so she leaves summer camp and decides to get married to Aman as soon as possible. Rahul and his family arrive at Anjali's wedding, where Rahul silently confesses to Anjali that he loves her, and watches in tears as she is brought forth for the wedding. Realizing this, Anjali is hesitant to go on with the marriage, weeping. Aman notices the tears in her eyes and realizes that she has always been in love with Rahul. He releases Anjali from the engagement and tells her to marry Rahul. Rahul and Anjali have an emotional hug and as the two marry, the little Anjali has a vision of Tina smiling and giving her the thumbs up.