The plot centers on the Academy Awards presentation. The action begins with actual color film footage of various Hollywood scenes (edited from [[A Star Is Born , narrated by Robert C. Bruce. It leads up to the Big Question of the evening: Who will win "the" Oscar? The film shows the stereotypical red carpet arrivals of stars, as well as a human emcee starting to introduce the Oscar show. At this point the film switches to animation, with the shadow of a now-animated emcee  continuing to introduce the Oscar, and Bugs  assuring the viewer that "it's in da bag; I'm a cinch to win". Bugs is stunned when the award goes instead to James Cagney . Shock turns to anger as Bugs declares the results to be "sa-bo-TAH-gee" and demands a recount. Bugs then tries to make his case by showing clips from Hiawatha's Rabbit Hunt  as proof of his allegedly superior acting . He hurls a set of film cans off-screen and tells someone named "Smokey" to "roll 'em!"According to IMDB, this is a reference to Schlesinger cameraman/projectionist Henry "Smokey" Garner. Director Bob Clampett later confirmed this in a later 1969 Funnyworld magazine interview. That small clip is now used frequently in the special features for the first volume of the Looney Tunes Golden Collection. Bugs tells the audience that these are some of his "best scenes". Immediately a "stag reel"  starts to roll, and the startled Bugs quickly stops it and switches to the right film. Finally, he pleads with the audience, "What do you say, folks? Do I get it? Or do I get it?" (echoing Fredric March's drunken appeal to the Academy Award banquet audience in [[A Star Is Born . The emcee asks the audience , "Shall we give it to him, folks?" and they yell, "Yeah, let's give it to him!" whereupon they shower Bugs with fruits and vegetables ... and an ersatz Oscar labeled "booby prize", which is actually a gold-plated rabbit statue. Bugs is so pleased at winning it, he remarks, "I'll even take youse to bed wit' me every night!" The statue suddenly comes alive, asks in a voice like that of radio character, Bert Gordon, "Do you mean it?", smooches the startled bunny, and takes on an effeminate, hip-swiveling pose. The screen fades out, Clampett's famous vocalized "Bay-woop!" is heard, and the "That's all, Folks!" card appears.