Colombian drug lord Ramon Cota , the richest drug kingpin in the world, controls the cocaine industry with an iron fist. His drugs pour steadily into America, corrupting the country's youth and causing a feud between the D.E.A and San Carlos, Cota's country of origin. The film's prologue takes place during Carnaval in Rio De Janeiro, as an undercover task force led by several DEA agents conduct surveillance on a private party that Cota is attending ; however, the surveillance team is ambushed by Cota's hitmen . The DEA enlists the support of the U.S. Army's Delta Force in order to infiltrate San Carlos instead of sending DEA agents due to the massacre in Rio - like the first film, there is an undercover agent within Cota's drug cartel . Colonel Scott McCoy  and his partner, Major Bobby Chavez , bring Cota to court . Unfortunately, their efforts amount to nothing as Cota is easily able to post bail and escape. Unable to contain his rage, Chavez furiously lashes out at Cota in court. Cota decides to strike at Chavez by having Chavez's pregnant wife and 13-year-old brother killed. Out on a personal mission of vengeance, Chavez is captured by Cota's forces and is tortured and killed. When three DEA agents attempt to go in and bring Cota and his army down, they are taken hostage, and are to be executed. McCoy leads Delta Force in to rescue the hostages. Under the guise of a surveillance mission, the team fly across San Carlos. They then deviate from the agreed flight plan and head south. The chopper then lands and deploys troops to attack and destroy cocaine production facilities in the area. Meanwhile, McCoy sneaks into Cota's compound to rescue the DEA hostages and capture Cota. But after releasing the prisoners McCoy is captured by Cota. He is then placed in a chamber that will be filled with toxic gas. But as McCoy starts to die, General Taylor arrives in his heavily-armed gunship. Rockets destroy Cota's residence, allowing McCoy to break through the chamber's shattered glass. With the help of DEA Agent Page, they place Cota in his own armored limousine and escape. Cota's bodyguards pursue the vehicle to a village, but just as McCoy is about to be overrun Taylor arrives with Delta Force. McCoy chases Cota through the jungle during the fighting. After the drug lord kills a villager who wanted revenge for the murder of her family, McCoy arrives and beats him. Cota then tries to goad McCoy into killing him, knowing he is wanted alive. But as Taylor orders ropes to be lowered from the helicopter for the pick up, the last few of Cota's men make a final bid to rescue their boss. One of them swings his machete but only manages to partially cut Cota's rope before the helicopter heads back to the American carrier fleet. Hanging beneath the chopper, Cota continues to goad McCoy about his invulnerability, saying that once in court he will walk free again. But just as he assures McCoy he is going to have him killed, his rope snaps. Prompting McCoy to wryly observe, "Not today, asshole!". The film ends as the drug baron falls thousands of feet to his death.