Dayashankar  is a wealthy NRI living in London. His daughter Pooja  is the apple of his eye and his life revolves around her and his wife Parvati . Dayashankar also takes care of his deceased friend's son Aman . Aman and Pooja have grown up with each other and he has fallen in love with her over time. Studying in Edinburgh, he is overjoyed when he is called to come stay with the family in London. He eagerly prepares for his meeting with Pooja and plans to ask her father for her hand in marriage. However, Pooja has fallen in love with Vijay Khanna , a pilot. Her father, though, is bitterly opposed with their intention of marriage, as he has already promised Aman that he will marry Pooja. After some convincing from Aman and Parvati, Dayashankar succumbs to his daughter's wishes. Aman is heartbroken but puts on a brave face at the engagement. However tragedy strikes when Vijay is killed while piloting a plane. Pooja goes into depression and finds out she is pregnant with Vijay's child. Her father convinces her to marry Aman, who willingly accepts her and becomes the father to her child. Pooja gives birth to a healthy boy and maintains a friendly relationship with her now-husband, Aman. When Pooja realizes that Aman has always loved her, she begins to love him too. In a twist, it is revealed that Vijay is indeed alive and has come to London to find Pooja. When he sees that Pooja is happily married to Aman, he misunderstands the situation and believes that Aman had planned the accident to kill Vijay so that he could marry Pooja. Vijay sets out for revenge, setting fire to Aman's factories and kidnapping Pooja's son. Pooja is shocked and hurt at seeing that Vijay is still alive. In another twist, Pooja finds out that Vijay's accident and attempted murder was not made by Aman but was in fact, conducted by her own father. Pooja tells Vijay the truth and reveals that the child is his son. Dayashankar regrets his actions. When his enemy  holds Vijay's and Pooja's son captive, Vijay and Aman arrive to save him. In the climactic fight, Vijay and Aman, now on good terms, fight off the thugs and are able to save Pooja's child. Vijay feels indebted to Aman for taking care of Pooja in his absence. However, Aman is shot and dies, surrounded by Pooja, Vijay, their son and Pooja's father. Pooja and Vijay are reunited and honor Aman after his death.