The film opens with an historical story in which the goddess Parvathi while performing dance with her husband Lord Shiva drops her nose stud named "Mookuththi" on the Earth and because of which a temple was raised named "Mookuththi Amman temple" in Tamil Nadu. The nose stud has many powers in it and so an evil powered soul named "Kaalabhairav" waits one thousand years patiently to capture it. John McKenzie ,an American student comes to India to visit and research the Mookuththi Amman temple and stays in his Indian friend Vasu's home. He is received warmly by his friend's family. John visits the temple and he learns the Mookuththi history by the temple key person Swamiji  and a leaf which guides them to protect Mookuthi from evil powers which is visible only to him and not to John. John does not believes the story yet he believes only whatever he sees in his own eyes. Meanwhile John develops a love for Vasu's sister Vani  which is disliked by Vasu's parents. Kalabhairavan wakes up from his long patience and captures the Mookuththi by one of his faithful servant by hypnotizing him. But the Mookuththi does not allow itself to go out of temple and hides itself in a snake hill inside the temple. John is charged for the theft of Mookuththi and arrested by police despite Swamiji's repeated words that he did not steal it. John escapes from police custody and seeks help of Swamiji. Swamiji throws a powder on him with an intention of making him invisible but John turns to a small tiny little being. Swamiji was arrested for charge of concealing someone charged with a crime. John seeks Vani's help and they go to the police station with John in her pocket. Swamiji instructs him that the Mookuththi should be placed back in Amman's nose by that day's sunset else John will be 'Little John' forever. John takes away the Mookuththi from snake hill. Meanwhile Kalabhairavan attempts to capture the Mookuththi. After several struggles between evil and divine, Mookuthithi is placed back in Amman's nose by John which destroys the evil Kalabhairavan. John gets back to his normal size and unites with Vani.