Venkat , a medical representative, is a happily married person with a son. His wife Kalyani  is very loving and both of them along with their son have a perfect life. That is, until their son falls sick and things between the husband and wife cool down a bit. Kalyani begins to spend more time with their son and starts to ignore her husband involuntarily. Venkat feeling a bit lonely and neglected walks in and out of his monotonous life without complaining much. He tries to understand his wife's feelings. One morning while riding the train to work, Venkat notices Geetha  and spends a few extra seconds admiring her. The following day again he happens to stand next to her. And Geetha opens up the conversation with Venkat. Both married with kids, they feel they have a lot of common things between them and start a friendship together. At first it is platonic and they meet only in the train but slowly they start meeting at restaurants and coffee shops. Geetha begins to get a little physically close to Venkat and she suggests that they both spend a day together watching movies or something alone. Venkat agrees and they take a taxi and drive to Mayajaal on East Coast Road. But at the last minute Geetha changes her mind and directs the taxi driver to go to a resort along the same road. Venkat books a room on Geetha's insistence and his desires give way. A knock on the door prompts Venkat to open the door. A goon barges in and beats Venkat up. He robs the couple and also ties Venkat up before raping Geetha. Venkat is grief-stricken and they both part ways. The goon who calls himself Lawrence  starts calling Venkat and Geetha to harass them for money. Venkat takes the full financial responsibility and starts paying off the money that he had been saving for his son's medical expenses. With no choice left, Venkat confesses to Kalyani. Angry and disappointed, Kalyani leaves him. She returns the next day and forgives Venkat. A few days later, he finds Geetha coming out of a car with Lawrence. He follows Geetha and finds that she is wooing some other man. This makes Venkat very angry. The person did whatever Venkat did and found himself in the same situation. Venkat kills Lawrence and shoots Geetha. He takes back his money and moves with his family to another city. This angers Geetha who hunts and kidnaps Venkat's wife and his child. So Venkat goes to the place shown in the starting of the film and kills Geetha.