The episode begins immediately with Percy Pea and Li'l Pea leaving the movie theater. As they pause to think about what had happened the last time they were there, they are cornered by a shady Scallion who asks them for a nickel. Percy refuses, but the Scallion then demands the $1.28 Percy is carrying for milk money. As the Milk Money Bandit escapes to the rooftops with his loot, he is cornered by Larry-Boy, who shakes the stolen money off of the scallion and throws him into Officer Scooter's patrol car. [The police said Thanks because they looked for him for months] Following this, Larry-Boy is busy reviewing his technique with Alfred when he accidentally knocks a plant off the ledge. It gets caught on some electrical telephone wires on the way down, where a nearby woman is busy gossiping on the phone, and then falls into the sewers where the strange combination of electricity and gossip brings the plant to life... The next morning, Alfred is speaking at Veggie Valley Elementary. As his story comes to a close, he tells the teacher that he needs to go home and "recharge his batteries." Not quite understanding the figure of speech, students Junior Asparagus and Laura Carrot come to the false conclusion that Alfred is a robot. As they are walking home, they run into a small talking weed who overhears the two children and talks them into sharing the secret with her. Similar weeds then begin to appear throughout Bumblyburg, spreading the rumor and twisting the faulty assumptions of the citizens into fear. At Larry Manor, Larry and Alfred are tending to the garden when Alfred heads inside to answer the phone. Another Rumor Weed appears and tries to spread the word about Alfred, but Larry doesn't let it get a word in edgewise. Alfred then calls Larry in to answer the phone: Mayor Blueberry informs him that strange weeds are growing all over the city and saying strange things about Alfred. Suiting up as Larry-Boy, the hero drives into action. Larry-Boy manages to find a Rumor Weed and attempts to prune it, but weed-whackers and shears have no effect. Alfred then tells him to scan the weed by putting his plunger-ear by it, which only serves to get Larry-Boy thrown away by the seemingly-tiny weed's strength. Back at the Larry-Cave, Alfred reports his findings and reveals that all the weeds are connected through a vast root system leading to a giant Mother Weed deep underground. Realizing that these Weeds are strong enough to knock down abandoned buildings and tear down old houses, Larry-Boy and Alfred decide that they need to attack it at the root. Fortunately, Alfred has modified the Larry-Mobile with a new boring machine feature, allowing Larry-Boy to drill through the ground into the sewers. Upon arriving in the sewer, however, Larry-Boy and Alfred lose radio contact, and the faithful butler is forced to run for help himself. Meanwhile, Larry-Boy meets the Mother Weed and is quickly overpowered by its strength. As Alfred arrives at City Hall, he is astonished to find that the usually-kind citizens are afraid of him, saying strange and scary things about him being a killer robot with laser eyes. Though the butler tries to convince them that he's not a robot, he is unable to stop the rumor. Suddenly, the Mother Weed rises out from underground and grabs Alfred, but the citizens think the "killer robot" is going to be destroyed and they thus refuse to help. Dad Asparagus arrives on the scene and asks what is going on. While the citizens explain that the weeds told them about Alfred, the Mother Weed admits that she didn't make up the story and that she credits two "very reliable sources". Faced with the truth that they started the rumor, Junior and Laura confess, and Dad explains to them that "even if it's true, God doesn't want us to tell stories that can hurt. He want us to spread nice words". When Dad's positive words about Alfred cause flowers to grow on the Mother Weed, Junior and Laura decide that the best way to save Alfred is to spread good words about him. They are able to convince the citizens of Bumblyburg that Alfred is not a robot at all, but a very nice man. As the word spreads, the Mother Weed grows flowers on its vines until she transforms into a giant flower, thus saving Alfred. As everybody celebrates, a beat-up Larry-Boy comes crawling out of the sewers and asks Alfred if he's a robot, which everybody promptly shushes him on. The episode is wrapped up in the Larry-Cave. Alfred and Larry-Boy reiterate that God wants us to say nice words about people rather than telling stories that can hurt. The verse is on the Larry-Computer "Reckless words pierce like a sword, but the tongue of the wise brings healing" .