Sathya  Vasanth  and are very best friends ever since from their childhood. Manivannan is working under Sathya's mother and he wanted his daughter Pooja  to get married to Sathya so that he could be a wealthy man for the rest of his life. For this he makes many tricks and pranks to make them walk togethter alone, to go for a ride and many more. On Vasanth's birthday Sathya goes to wish him but he denies his wish and says birthday is no more meant to him. Simulanteanously Sathya's mother decided his son to get married to Pooja and the engaement day arrives. With informing her, when she enters the house as all the other guests did, Manivannan insists her to wear the engagement saree. Knowing the situation she leaves the place crying and Sathya follows her. On middle of the street he shouts at her and asks the reason why she cant marry her. She immdiately shows her wedding thread which she has hidden these days from all and cries that she was already married. Flashback begins with Nivetha ([[Devayani  and Pooja being best friends from school and on the first day of college Nivetha meets Vasanth and falls in love. Without knowing this Pooja and Vasanth loves each other. When Pooja came to know about the love of her friend for Vasanth, she decided to sacrifice her love that he had on Vasanth. On Vasanth's birthday she denies his love for him and he forcefully marries her immdiately. Seeing this Nivetha commits suicide in front of their eyes. And Pooja gets separated from Vasanth thinking that he is the reason behind her friend's death. After knowing this Sathya goes on to have a fight with Vasanth. But after knowing the actual truth, Sathya decides to sacrifice his love that he had on Pooja, and decides to unite Vasanth and Pooja together. On a cultural day when Sathya, Vasanth and Pooja make a combine performance, the opposite gang Manivannan makes a vengeful plan against Vasanth by striking him through a knife. The blame is then put on Sathya, and suddenly gets ended up being in jail. When Pooja sees her husband gets hurted in reality she forgets everything and starts to cry for him. Then soon as Vasanth became conscious, him and Pooja finally gets united.