In a flashback, a single mother, Corrine Morgan-Thomas  drives her seven year old twin boys Stephen  and Philip  to the doctor's office and learns that they have autism. Philip simply repeats what he hears others say, while Stephen is completely nonverbal. After leaving the clinic in a very upset mood, she takes the boys shopping for groceries. Her visit to the supermarket is not a pleasant one, as her two boys begin screaming throughout the store and Philip wets himself, causing others to stare at them. Upon learning about their condition, her live-in boyfriend leaves because he knows raising twins with a mental disability will be difficult. Corrine then moves with her boys to another town and enrolls them in a public school. Their classmates are puzzled by their strange behavior, as well as their teachers. Corrine is then told at a meeting by the principal as well as several psychiatrists that they are not fit for public school, and that they will be sent to a special school. The local mental hospital then sends a learning therapist to their house in order to teach the boys basic language skills and prepare them for normal society. With his help and support, Philip's vocabulary expands, and Stephen says his very first word, "Pizza". After he is done with teaching the boys, the psychiatrist moves to another city to work with other families. Over the course of several years, the boys flourish verbally, socially, and academically. However, some of their autistic characteristics still remain, as they have somewhat nasal, robot-like voices, engage in self-injurious habits, and are very sensitive to loud and sudden noises. They also have an obsession with Rocky from the Rocky films. On their first day of high school, Stephen  develops a crush on a girl named Jennifer . While chatting with Philip  in the bathroom, Stephen talks about Jennifer and says "Maybe she'll be my girlfriend." Another boy, an older boy with long hair mocks Stephen and pushes him, causing both of them to start screaming and crying. Corrine is called to the school from work by their special ed teacher, and convinces the boys to come out of the bathroom and go to lunch. At lunch, Jennifer decides to sit with the two boys. Stephen sees several joggers outside from the hallway and decides to join the cross country team. Before the race, Stephen sees Jennifer kiss another guy. Stephen is hurt and confused. Corrine finds Stephen sitting down on the grass looking sad, and she finds a love poem in his hands that Stephen wrote for Jennifer. Then, Stephen realizes he has to move on. He wins the first race he runs in and Philip gets into a special music school by playing his newfound guitar talent over the phone. Corrine then founds The Miracle Run Foundation for research into autism. Stephen gives a speech about how his mother helped him and his brother with their autism.