Moon  is a down-to-earth young woman who happens to be one of the most popular adult film stars. She finds no fault in using her sexuality as a means of profit. While she is in the process of renewing her contract, her personal life remains a delicate issue as her father  suffers from Parkinson's disease and a blind date  remains hesitant to get close to Moon after learning of her profession. Moon's friend Jessie hires her to fidelity test her boyfriend, Moon agrees and decides to offer the same to other women. One of the women hires her to test her husband and Moon goes in to pretend to buy a car from the husband, a man named Terry , and offers sex for a deal on the car. When he agrees to it, they start fooling around and she excuses herself to the bathroom, and sneaks out. He follows her out and she inadvertently reveals that she was hired to test him by his wife. He gets angry, begging her not to tell his wife, saying he'll pay more and starts attacking her car, threatening her. The film cuts to scenes of a younger Moon starting out in the business. Moon starts to re-evaluate her life with the idea of starting over afresh and tells Aronson, who was interviewing two new potential porn stars, that she's an adult now and has to make better choices with herself and life. During this whole time, Moon has been having difficulty with her father who starts leaving the house and being brought back by the police and it appears that she is being watched from afar. After Moon leaves Aronson's place she is approached by Terry who is obviously angry that Moon told his wife about his infidelity. He attacks and threatens her with a knife saying she owes him, that she ruined his life and she needs to make it up to him. Moon tells him she quit the business. He throws her to the ground and forces himself on her. When she fights him, Terry tells her he followed her and he knows all about her. He threatens her father's safety, telling her to stop fighting him. He rapes her and as he's kissing her, Moon headbutts him, breaking his nose and throws him off of her. She runs out and as the film ends she goes over to see Kip.