Professor Harold Hill , a con artist who makes a living by selling instruments and uniforms to aspiring musicians he fails to teach once they are delivered, sets his sights on the naive citizens of River City, Iowa as his latest targets. Hill is sitting on a train in the first scene, playing cards while listening to the passengers on the train talk about him and his cons . Before getting off at River City, an anvil salesman named Charlie realizes it is him, but fails to catch him when Hill gets off the train. Charlie yells out the window of the train "I won't forget your face, Hill!" before the train travels on, while Hill is stepping on to the fresh soil of Iowa. Hill walks up to two men of the city on a ladder, asking where and if there was a hotel anywhere . Hill moves on to find the hotel, and meets up with his former sidekick Marcellus Washburn, who now is living in the rural town and manages the hotel himself. Hill tells Marcellus of his new pitch, being a music professor. Marcellus warns Hill that he won't be able to sell the stubborn Iowans any instruments, partly because of the town's current music teacher, Marian, who also happens to be the librarian . Harold tells Marcellus that he plans to get Marian off-balanced and then tell the town how he was going to save them from the horrible trouble they are in. Marcellus tells Hill the town is in no trouble, and Harold replies that he will just have to make some. Harold finds the perfect way to also. He convinces the residents their only hope of saving their sons from the corruption of the local pool hall is to allow him to create a marching band and help them develop their musical talents . Marian happens to walk by the pool hall while this is going on and Marcellus points her out to Harold. Harold abruptly leaves and follows Marian in attempts to flirt with her. Marian cuts him short and walks into her house to continue a piano lesson with her pupil Amaryllis. Her mother, Mrs. Paroo  scolds her for being out so late and says that she didn't remember the library being open for so late in the summer. Marian tells her mother about Harold following her, but while Marian thinks it is horrid, her mother opposes . Marian's younger brother Winthrop  runs in the house with the dog shadow. Amaryllis walks in asking if he would like to come to a party that she is hosting. Winthrop declines but refuses to say her name because of his lisp, and it has an S in it. His mother makes him say it, causing Amaryllis to giggle and Winthrop to get upset and run off. Amaryllis feels bad and confesses her feelings about Winthrop to Marian. Marian just smiles and tells her to play her crosshand piece. Amaryllis smiles and does . The next day in the town hall the mayor  and citizens are practicing flag exercises led by the mayor's wife, Eulalie , when Harold walks in talking the troubled River City in front of the mayor . The mayor instantly despises Harold and sends the four feuding brothers to get his credentials, which do not exist. Harold then stands in the entrance of the hall gathering five dollars from the boys' mothers who want to sign them up for the band. Then, Tommy,  a local bad boy falls down some stairs trying to get away from the mayor. The mayor catches him and scolds him for hanging around his daughter Zaneeta. Harold takes Tommy under his wing and gives him money to take the mayor's daughter out for ice cream, unbeknownst to him that Zaneeta is the mayor's daughter. Walking out of the town hall in hopes to flirt with Marian again, he is stopped by the four feuding brothers, who ask for Hill's credentials. Hill pulls them into the ice cream parlor and has them each sing, turning them into the Buffalo Bills Quartet . With the Quartet out of the way, Hill continues to pursue Marian. Harold catches up to her and confidentially tells her that he has a degree from the Gary Conservatory of Music, Class of '05 which Marian finds dubious. She cuts off Harold abruptly and leaves. Back at the hotel Harold confides in Marcellus about his plan to not only buy instruments, but uniforms and instruction booklets as well, which supposedly should take three weeks instead of the planned ten days. Marcellus debates with Harold that he can't teach the boys to play since he doesn't even know one note from the other. Harold tells Marcellus that he created a revolutionary system that you can use to play music with, calling it the Think System, where you only need to think of a note to play it. Marcellus still warns Harold that in three weeks is the Fourth of July Social, and the town will want to hear music. Harold says that once the uniforms arrive, the town will forget about the band, long enough for him to skip out of town with the money from the parents. Marcellus and Harold then talk about Marian and what to do about her . Harold walks by the Hat Shop where the mayor's wife  and a gang of other women are gathered trying on hats. The women pull him into the shop, asking his opinion on their hats and gossiping. In attempts to get Eulalie unbalanced, he makes her head of the women's dance committee. The women begin to gossip about Marian once Harold brings her up . They tell Harold how they shun Marian due to her relationship with the man who left the library to the town but all its contents to Marian. Suspicious of Harold's claim that he has a degree from the Gary Conservatory of Music, Class of '05, she begins to investigate him. She is interrupted when Harold walks in and asks her out on a date . Marian gets angry and forces him to leave the library. Harold now attempts to sell Winthrop a cornet, so he stops by his house. He speaks to Mrs. Paroo about the cornet and successfully cons her into buying an instrument. Winthrop is eavesdropping on the deal in his treehouse through the window, and falls. Harold saves him, making Mrs. Paroo only admire him more. Harold tells Winthrop about how great his uniform will look, but fearing more laughs from his lisp, Winthrop just runs off. Mrs. Paroo tells Harold that he doesn't speak more than three words a day to anyone, so he shouldn't feel upset. They walk inside and Mrs. Paroo asks where Harold is from . Marian walks in to find Harold and immediately gets upset, causing her mother to scold her.