{{plot}} Stanley Stupid ([[Tom Arnold  is convinced that someone is stealing his trash. He discovers and follows a garbage truck. His children, Buster  and Petunia  think he was kidnapped and leave a note for their mother Joan. The note said: "police kidnapped your kids" While at the dump, Stanley overheard a meeting of corrupt army officials promising several foreign representatives large amounts of contraband. Stanley poses as one of the foreigners, and talks with Colonel Neidermeyer . Neidermeyer is convinced that Stanley is a secret agent. Shortly afterward, he tells Lieutenant Neal , one of his subordinate assassins, to kill him. Meanwhile, the children are brought home by the police only to discover that their mother is gone too. After the two find an advertisement for a Chinese restaurant, they go to the restaurant. There, Buster receives a fortune cookie that says "Time flies when you're having fun." Believing this is the Daily Times newspaper, the children go to the newspapers offices. The computer prompts them for a headline, and after telling Buster  and Joan that computer language is alien, Petunia inputs "alien picks nose". The computer then requests a picture, at which they try to slide a photograph of Stanley into the floppy drive. The family reunites at their house and Stanley explains a conspiracy he discovered at the dumpster. Years ago, while working for as a "courier for the government" , he noticed an inordinate amount of letters marked "return to sender". Thinking "sender" was a person's name, he reported this to his superior, who promptly fired him. He believes Mr. Sender  accumulates letters, has bribed the police into stealing people's children. The Stupid's children suggest looking for "Sender" in the telephone directory, and find a Charles Sender  who works at the Museum of Natural History. At the museum, they split up and sneak in. Buster and Joan find a display of several dates and events, ending at an elevator which had buttons for floors A-D and 1-9. Believing it to be a time machine, Buster presses several random numbers and the letters B and C. The elevator takes them to a display about dinosaurs, and Buster writes his name on the wall, believing it will be the first thing humans will read. Petunia and Stanley, meanwhile, enter Sender's office and find his daily planner. On their way out, they enter a planetarium. Suddenly, the planetarium show begins. They are discovered by a janitor named Lloyd , who they take as "The Lord". The family reunites again outside the museum. Stanley and Petunia tell Joan and Buster that Sender was going to a television studio. The studio kicks them out. Neidermeyer realizes Stanley hasn't been assassinated when he sees him on TV singing "I'm My Own Grandpa". He kidnaps Stanley and brings him to the army base, and his family follow but are not allowed in. Stanley is tied to a chair and interrogated, but refuses to give away anything. Just when he is about to be beaten, one of his guards spits a wad of chewing gum on the floor. Remembering the museum janitor's words, he finds the strength to escape and rejoin his family. Stanley tells of the nefarious plot he heard that will take "... place  Warehouse 21". Arriving in the middle of the night, they sneak in to discover huge stores of weapons. They order the corrupt officials to surrender, and soon find themselves under attack. After a series of humorous struggles, they manage to get the police's attention. All the corrupt officers are arrested except for Neidermeyer. Stanley approaches Sender and tells him he needs to turn his life away from evil. Thinking these are road directions, Sender thanks him. When the Stupids return home, they find Neidermeyer waiting to kill them. Before he can pull the trigger, Neidermeyer tells them that no guardian angel can save them, at which point the takeout-delivery man Joan called earlier barges in, knocking him out with the door. The family believes that delivery man to be working for "The Lloyd", when in fact the man's boss' name is Floyd. Meanwhile, a nose-picking alien in a space ship passes an edition of the newspaper Joan and the children were in earlier. Upon seeing "Alien picks nose" with Stanley's photo on the front cover, they set off to Earth to kill him. The film ends as Stanley is grilling hamburgers outside. Buster says he wants to try, at which point the aliens appear in the yard. Oblivious to the aliens, Stanley tries to explain to Buster that he is too little to do it. In the process, he inadvertently sets the aliens on fire, and they teleport away.