Throughout his entire life, Rod Kimble  believed his father, now deceased, was a successful and respectable stuntman working for Evel Knievel. He aspires to follow in his father's footsteps and become a famous stuntman himself. Meanwhile, his stepfather Frank  fails to respect Rod as a man, often going out of his way to beat him in sparring sessions and mocking his stuntman dream. Rod makes many attempts at landing jumps with his Hyundai moped, most of them ending unsuccessfully. After an ill-fated jump attempt at the public pool, he returns home to find out that Frank is in urgent need of a heart transplant. Angry at the thought of his stepfather dying without getting a chance to "smash his face in" and gain his respect, Rod goes to a forest to be mad and starts dancing out of rage (a sequence loosely based on the movie [[Footloose , ending up with Rod rolling down an enormous hill after tripping. At the bottom of the hill, he sees a sign that gives him an idea to save Frank. He tells his friends Rico , Dave  and his half brother Kevin  about his plan to do a jump over the length of fifteen school buses, and give the proceeds to his stepfather's surgery. He also adds Denise , his college-graduate neighbor on whom he has a crush, to his crew. To promote his stunt and also raise funds, Rod works parties, corporate get togethers, other events, and chug a bottle of absolute vodka in 15 seconds. Kevin releases a movie using his footage of Rod's stunts and sells over 200 tickets, but everyone at the movie laughs at Rod's expense because the film depicts his failed training attempts. Rod gets angry and throws the theater's projector out of a window, smashing a car below. Rod ends up giving up all the money he has raised so far to cover the respective damages. Upset, he returns home, where his mother reveals to him that his father was not the stuntman he thought he was. Humiliated, Rod quits the crew and ends his dream to beat up his stepfather, despite his friends' interventions. However, he takes up the jump again when Dave asks Rod to take him to the hospital due to an injury while "trippin' balls" under the influence of acid given to him by his friend Derek . When he does, Dave gives him advice that inspires Rod to apologize to Kevin. As Kevin accepts his apology, he also reveals that Rod's stunt footage has gotten popular through the Internet, and a local AM radio station hosted by Barry Pasternak  offers to cover the expenses of the jump. Rod gets the crew back together and they start setting up for the jump. On the day of the jump, his friends give him a new suit, a rock , and a motorbike. He also receives a kiss from Denise, who broke up with Jonathan , her insensitive and callous boyfriend. As Rod jumps off the ramp, the speed of his new motorbike enables him to jump over the buses, but as he gives his friends a thumbs up, they realize that he had let go of his bike in the process. The bike smashes through a stage and Rod's body slams against ground, sliding and skidding before he finally stops. As his friends nurse him from his unconscious state, he has a 'freaky, out of body experience' in which he witnesses an anthropomorphic taco beating up a grilled cheese sandwich—a topic he and Denise had a debate over earlier in the movie. Rod, with the help of Kevin and Denise, triumphantly gets up to the applause of the crowd, and sees that the donations have accumulated over $50,000, the cost of Frank's 'conveniently priced' surgery. The film ends as Rod  again spars with Frank. Over the course of the fight, Rod gains the upper hand and succeeds in making his stepfather respect him .