{{plot}} The story opens at a palace in Persia where Haman , right-hand-man of the King , is throwing the Queen out onto the street for insubordination. A search is then initiated to find a new Queen. The following day, Esther and her cousin Mordecai  are talking on the streets of Persia. Esther is asking for Mordecai's advice, but his questions reveal that Esther knows what to do but lacks the courage to follow through. He tells her that she should not be afraid to do what is right. When Haman drives up in search of eligible maidens to be the future Queen, Mordecai tries to hide because of bad blood between he and Haman. When they confront each other, while Esther is selected to go to the palace, Mordecai refuses to bow and Haman leaves vowing revenge. At the palace, the King and Haman audition the girls and when Esther takes the stage and sings, the King chooses her. Although Esther does not wish to be the Queen, nonetheless she is crowned and ensconced in her new life. One day in the throne room of the Persian place, the King is visited by a pea , who has brought a large cake to honor the newlyweds. Although unannounced visitors are not permitted, the King allows them to enter. While the pea tries to convince the King to closely examine the cake, another pea  holding a rope which suspends a piano above the cake. Mordecai, who is hiding in a corner to avoid Haman, observes the plot and informs Esther who then warns the King and the piano crashes harmlessly onto the cake. The King thanks her for saving his life, but she indicates Mordecai, saying that the credit should be his. Recognized as the Peaoni Brothers, the most wanted peas in Persia, the pair is banished to the Island of Perpetual Tickling, escorted by the Grim Tickler. With the Peaoni Brothers banished, the King believes he is safe, but Haman convinces him that a greater threat awaits. There is a family that cannot be trusted, he claims, who pose an imminent danger to the throne. Not realizing Haman is referring to Mordecai, the King unwittingly authorizes an edict to have that family banished to the Island of Perpetual Tickling. When Mordecai finds the edict posted in the streets, he visits Esther on her balcony at the palace and appeals to her to reveal Haman's evil plans to the King. Knowing that she need not fear to do what's right, she lacks the courage to confront the King and struggles with what to do. Twice she attempts to inform the King, and twice she fails, before finally inviting the King and Haman to a dinner. Meanwhile, Haman goes to Mordecai and asks him to bow in exchange for a pardon, but Mordecai again refuses. In retaliation, Haman threatens to have the banishment moved up to that night. The King, having had the story of the Peaoni Brothers' plot and Mordecai's rescue read to him by Markus the Scribe , decides to reward Mordecai. Asking Haman how to recognize someone who's special, Haman thinks that the King is talking about himself and convinces the King to be extravagant by letting the person be lead through the streets on the King's horse with an advisor saying great things about the honored person. The King then orders Haman to do this for Mordecai, humiliating Haman that much more. During the dinner, Esther reveals to the King that Mordecai is her cousin and that Haman has been plotting to destroy him and his family - which includes her. The King then becomes angry and banishes Haman to the Island of Perpetual Tickling. Afterwards, the King cancels Mordecai's banishment and names him as his new second in command.