Set during World War Two, SS Doomtrooper opens with an SS officer, Lieutenant Reinhardt, arriving at the Citadel, a castle in the French countryside being used as a German laboratory. He meets Dr. Ullman , whom he relieves of command based on orders from Berlin. He finds a cage with three dogs inside it, but the dogs are horribly mutated; they have extremely exaggerated muscle mass and light glowing from inside their bodies. Ullman reveals that this is his latest experiment and requests one of Reinhardt's men for a demonstration. One of the German soldiers is strapped into a capsule in Ullman's lab and injected with some sort of chemical, then exposed to a great amount of an unknown type of radiation. Moments later, he falls out of the capsule, and in front of the scientists and Reinhardt, begins a horrifying transformation: his skin turns blue, his arms gain massive amounts of muscle and grow claws, and soon, the rest of his body changes in a similar fashion. In the United States, a veteran of the war, Captain Malloy , is commissioned for a mission to locate and destroy the Citadel. He forms a team of English and American prisoners who are offered their freedom in exchange for participation with the help of his friend, Sergeant Digger. They prematurely parachute into German territory while under heavy fire from a German air attack. Two soldiers  are separated from the team and continue on to the meeting point. Reinhardt, upon learning this, gives Dr. Ullman permission to use the creature  to fight Malloy's team; it is sent to a nearby French village. Johnson and Papadakis encounter the Doomtrooper in the village. They attempt to kill it but the Doomtrooper just shrugs off their bullets. Johnson runs toward a ladder in panic and is shot by the machine gun attached to the creature's arm. Papadakis prepares to fight the Doomtrooper but the rest of the team arrives in time to fire at the Doomtrooper and they repel it long enough for Papadakis to get up the ladder and escape. The group throw grenades at the Doomtrooper and assume it is dead. Papadakis rejoins them afterward. When Reinhardt is informed that the Doomtrooper has engaged the Allied soldiers in combat, he is pleased with the experiment and orders a team out to recover the Doomtrooper. Ullman simply remarks to his assistant that the soldiers will be killed by it; this prediction comes true when the Doomtrooper opens fire on the German team and slaughters them. It also demonstrates a previously unknown ability by grabbing the team leader and electrocuting him. The Allied soldiers try to find a place to hide for the night. They attempt to secure an empty building but they stumble upon a French Resistance hideout, led by a woman, Mariette Martinet. The soldiers and French Resistance decide to team up to kill the monster and the Germans. The Allied team's wiring expert, Private Parker Lewis, strikes an immediate adversarial relationship with Jean-Michele, a member of the Resistance. The allied unit teams up with the French Resistance, and plan to take munitions from an ammunition dump, and use it to destroy the Citadel. During the night, the Doomtrooper ambushes the hideout and kills most of the French Resistance in a brutal firefight. One US soldier, Potter, is able to briefly disable the Doomtrooper with a grenade launcher, but upon seeing the Doomtrooper recover, he walks up to it and punches it in the face. This surprisingly harms the Doomtrooper, but it quickly recovers, picks up Potter, and shoots him three times, cutting his body in half. Private Lewis twists his ankle as he flees the building and is nearly killed, but the Doomtrooper's gun runs out of ammunition, and he escapes. The Doomtrooper discards the gun but fails to notice the soldiers hiding from it, and walks off. Back at the Citadel, Reinhardt angrily terminates Ullman's position and orders him to return to Berlin after ending the Doomtrooper project. Enraged, Ullman shoots Reinhardt and his assistant, then takes command of the Citadel and orders his assistant to gather more men so he can grow new Doomtroopers. On their way to the ammo dump, the team spots a German panzer, which was ordered to destroy the Doomtrooper. The team's sniper Papadakis kills the tank commander and they steal the tank. Just as they commandeer the tank, the Doomtrooper appears and engages them, having been attracted by their gunshots. They fire a round from the tank into the Doomtrooper's chest at point blank range, but it is only stunned. Jones, the team's disguise specialist, dresses up as the tank commander and they proceed to the German ammo dump. Jones distracts the Germans while the rest of the team takes control of a guard post with a turret. When Jones can not buy anymore time for the Allied team, they open fire and all the Germans are killed. The Allied team decides to detonate the munitions at the dump to destroy the Doomtrooper. Captain Malloy and Mariette lure the Doomtrooper into the main ammunition bunker inside the mountain by using a flamethrower. Captain Malloy and Mariette escape using an elevator while the rest of the team hide outside and close the bunker door to trap the Doomtrooper inside. Forgetting to lock the door, Jean-Claude - who has just befriended Private Lewis - attempts to bar it to prevent the Doomtrooper from escaping, but the Doomtrooper electrocutes him through the iron door. Nevertheless, the team rendezvous at a safe distance, and detonate the entire ammunition dump. The team then makes their way to the Citadel, but the Germans already know of their presence and plan to stop the Allied team. On the way, they encounter an enemy sniper. The team orders Jones to distract the sniper so that Papadakis can take him out. Papadakis is about to fire, but is shot in his eye through his scope. Enraged because he was too afraid to distract the German sniper, Jones runs through an open field, and ends up getting shot; although, it buys Captain Malloy time to finally kill the German sniper. They decide that they must leave Jones behind because he will slow them down. Once they leave, Jones discovers that his royal family medallion has blocked the bullet and saved his life. Meanwhile, the team steals a German Kubelwagen full of wine and get into the German castle by disguising themselves. Their cover is almost blown, but the German soldiers are distracted when Jones returns to the castle and fires at the Germans with a rocket launcher and leads the bulk of the German guards deep into the forest, where he is eventually killed. Taking advantage of the distraction, the Allied team kills most the remaining garrison, but the rest of the German unit returns. During the fight, Digger blows himself up with explosives to destroy most of the remaining Germans. The team goes into the Citadel and are captured by Professor Ullman's assistant, who takes them into his lab. While the doctor is explaining his plans, the remaining Allied team , break free. Malloy and Mariette grab the guns from the German guards and attempt to hold Ullman and his assistant hostage while they examine the lab, in the process killing the German soldier in the capsule about to be transformed into a Doomtrooper. Lewis realizes he can short circuit the lab's power by hotwiring the controls of the Doomtrooper capsule. However, Ullman strikes Mariette down and wounds Lewis with a revolver before being fatally wounded by Malloy. Ullman's assistant tries to escape but finds herself facing the original Doomtrooper, who survived the ammo dump explosion and killed all the guards. Ullman orders it to kill everyone in the room, and it begins with his assistant. In order to buy Lewis time to hotwire the system, Malloy engages the Doomtrooper in hand-to-hand combat, cutting its hand off with a knife, despite the fact that the Doomtrooper had previously absorbed gun shots and missile explosions without being damaged, a knife suddenly cuts right through him. Meanwhile, Lewis short circuits the power but is electrocuted and killed. After being thrown by the Doomtrooper, Malloy picks up two cables flowing with electricity and jams them under the creature's helmet, killing it by overexposing it to the radiation it was created with. Malloy escapes with Mariette, but while escaping, surviving German soldiers almost kill them; however, the Germans are killed by Digger, who survived the explosion. Together, they exit the crumbling castle, and stumble on the body of Jones, and realize that he was the one who distracted the Germans. Back in America, Captain Malloy tells General Carmichael what happened and when the general asks if they saw any experiment records or data , Malloy says that it only killed his friends and should never be recreated again. Outside, Malloy says that the General wouldn't mind if they borrow his car. He rigs the car and Malloy, Digger and Mariette drive away happily laughing.