Near the start of the film, conmen Charlie Tully and Peek have successfully conned two Italian men, and are making an easy escape with £500,000. Flushed with success, Tully is unable to resist running a "quick and easy" minor con on a passing American tourist. But the "quick and easy" con unexpectedly goes awry, and Tully is arrested. Peek escapes and deposits the £500,000 in a bank in Switzerland, while Tully is sent to prison. Time passes, and when Tully is released, he is met by Peek, who intends to tell him the bank account number. But their reunion is cut short when Peek is murdered, on the orders of London crime lord Sid Sabbath, with whose sister Peek has been having an affair. Peek has left a record of the bank account number, but in an unusual way. Befitting his reputation as a womaniser, the digits are tattooed on the bottoms of four young women. Tully adopts a range of disguises, to track down each woman in turn and see her bottom. Meanwhile, Tully's antics are being followed by other - more dangerous - criminals: one group from London, and another from Rome... The first woman he finds is a British Rail announcer, who disrobes inside a photo booth at Waterloo Station. The second is a bride on her wedding day, who is exposed before all her guests. Number three is the daughter of a peer, who Tully peeks at through her bedroom window. Last in the list is a policewoman at a police training school, so Tully enters the school, disguised as a trainee WPC. After a scene in which he spies on a multitude of nubile young recruits, he discovers the digits during a physical training session. Both men have talents that lead them into trouble. Tully's addiction to con tricks leads to his imprisonment. Peek's womanizing leads to his murder. On various occasions, Tully is confronted by members of Sid Sabbath's gang, with orders to do to him as they did to Peek - only for them to mysteriously die themselves. Tully thinks he is "lucky", Sabbath thinks Tully is a one-man army, and neither realise Tully is actually being guarded by Italian gangsters lurking in the background. The two Italian men conned at the start of the movie had Mafia connections - a "Godfather" has ordered Tully be kept safe until he can be brought to Rome...