Shooting a documentary about a long-lost Indian tribe on the Amazon River known as the Shirishama tribe, director Terri Flores  and members of her crew, including cameraman Danny Rich , production manager Denise Kalberg , sound engineer Gary Dixon , visionary Warren Westridge , anthropologist Professor Steven Cale  and captain of the boat Mateo , comes across stranded Paraguayan snake hunter Paul Sarone  and helps him, believing he knows how to find the tribe they are searching for. But Sarone acts strangely and the crew suspects something. While trying to free the boat's propeller from a rope, Cale is stung in the throat by a wasp inside his scuba gear, leaving him unconscious. With that, Sarone takes command of the boat and the crew. They are then forced to help him achieve his true objective — hunting down and capturing a record-breaking Green Anaconda he had been tracking. Mateo is the first of the crew to be killed by the anaconda, which strangles him to death near a boat where a poacher  had been killed at the beginning of the film. The others try to find him while Gary sides with Sarone, who promises if they help him find the anaconda, he will help them get out alive. Ironically, Gary is killed next when they attempt to capture the anaconda. The survivors overcome Sarone and tie him up. When Denise attempts to kill Sarone, he gets the edge and chokes her before dumping her body in the river where she drowns. The anaconda returns and kills Westridge, only to be shot dead and Sarone incapacitated by the newly awakened Cale . Danny punches Sarone, knocking him into the river. Later on, Terri and Danny, two of the surviving members of the crew, are captured when Sarone catches up to them. He dumps a bucket of monkey blood on them and then uses them as bait in an attempt to capture a second, larger anaconda. The anaconda wraps around Terri and Danny and begins to suffocate them. They are caught in a net by Sarone, but the snake breaks free. Terri and Danny cut their bonds and slip away as Sarone, himself, is killed by the snake. Terri finds a nest of baby anacondas in a building, but the snake arrives, and after regurgitating Sarone's body, chases her up a smoke stack. The snake becomes trapped in the smoke stack, whereupon Danny ignites a fire below and burns the snake alive. As Terri and Danny recuperate on a nearby dock, the snake appears one final time. Danny beats the anaconda with an axe until it is finally dead. Afterwards, Terri and Danny reunite with Cale, who begins to revive on the boat. As they float down the river, they accidentally locate the natives for whom they were originally searching. They realize Sarone was right and begin filming their documentary as the movie ends.