Set largely in the dark and eerie campus of the Arts Academy, White Lady’s story centers on Pearl , a simple and smart girl from the province who has just arrived in the city to study, and the clique of students led by Mimi , a pretty, rich and popular girl who gets by through bullying others. Mimi’s minions include basketball jock Joshua , painter and Mimi wannabe Eva , film and photography major Jowee , and troublemaker and band frontman Hector . Pearl enrolls in the Arts Academy with her best friend and longtime buddy Jonathan , who has secretly harboured romantic feelings for her. Upon gaining admittance to the Academy, Mimi takes Pearl and Jonathan into her fold, befriending them in exchange for academic favors from the smart and studious Pearl. But Pearl sees right through her and rebuffs her; while Jonathan, on the other hand, is seduced and swayed by the glamorous “in” crowd. Soon after, Pearl and Jonathan's once close friendship becomes estranged. For reasons she cannot explain nor understand, Pearl is haunted by the ghost of a white lady which has been rumored to have frequented the school grounds. Intrigued and determined to solve the mystery, she then decides to delve deeper into the lore of the white lady especially after learning about the story of Christina , a simple girl reportedly driven into hiding by Mimi’s pompousness. Pearl immediately feels an affinity towards Christina since both girls have been on the receiving end of Mimi’s mean pranks. The haunting worsens when Pearl lands the highly-coveted lead role in the school play, which also earns her the brunt of Mimi’s ire since Mimi had wanted the role for herself. On top of everything else, a burgeoning relationship begins to kindle between Pearl and Robbie - the rich, athletic and most popular guy in school, whom Mimi also desires. In a series of intense ghostly appearances, the white lady manifests herself to the “in” group, letting them experience her wrath one by one and Pearl is caught in the middle of it all. In the end, she and her schoolmates will discover the deathly horrifying secret that binds them to the terror of Arts Academy that is the The White Lady.