Abhiram  is a fun loving guy staying with his parents in Jim Corbett. A bunch of 8 people won the contest of Thumps up, which gave them an opportunity to tour Jim Corbett National Park. Uma  is one of the contest winners. Abhiram likes Uma and acts as a tour companion for them during their stay in Jim Corbett National Park. A shy Uma could not express her love towards him so she leaves a message in Abhiram's answering machine. But Abhiram could not listen to the message at the right time. Hence, Uma presumes that Abhiram does not love her and leaves back to India with her companions. Abhiram, who happened to listen the message after Uma left, calls up Uma and make a contact with her. But it's too late for him, as the father of Soundarya commits a marriage for her daughter with Jasjit, the brother of main villain. On the other track, a parallel story is running in which Jasjit and his gang of goons is searching for 'Mahadeva Naidu'. When the father of Prasad Babu sees the photograph of Abhiram, he gets frieghtened and approach Jaya Prakash with the photograph. Jaya Prakash wants to eliminate 'Mahadeva Naidu'. When Abhiram comes to know that Uma may be forcibly getting married another guys, he decides to come to Uma's village to marry his sweetheart. Just when he comes of the Railway Station, a gang that is after his life chases him and Uma. They  could manage to slip off the goons and get ready to flee. During that time, goons again chased him and he is saved by Jhansi in a nick of time. She takes him to a hideout where a group of people hide. They explain his about his flash back. He is the son of Mahadeva Naidu , who was the savior or Dalitulu and downtrodden people of 'Karamchedu'. He libarated the 'Dalitulu' in that area and he was killed by the villains, who are none but his relatives . At the time of killing Rudrama Naidu  and Jhansi  are taken away by the lieutenants of Mahadeva Naidu so that they can be saved. At the time of killing Mahadeva Naidu swears that 'Rudrama Naidu' would come back and destroy the villains and save the poor people. Rudrama Naidu, who is raised as 'Abhiraam', comes to know about the flash back and rest of the film is about how he takes the revenge.