 The movie tells the story of two brothers, Vijay and Ravi Verma, who follow different career paths: Vijay is a smuggler and Ravi the policeman who is asked to hunt Vijay down. Vijay Verma  and Ravi Verma  are the sons of a trade unionist, Anand Verma , who was defeated and disgraced by the management of his firm using his family as bait. Unable to bear the public disgrace father deserts the family, and the sons are raised by their mother  who brings them to Bombay City, who suffers the trials and tribulations of a poor single mother. Vijay Verma, the elder brother, grows up with an acute awareness of his father's humiliation and is victimized for his father's supposed misdeeds. In the process of fighting for his rights Vijay, who starts out as a boot polisher and becomes a dockyard worker in his youth, becomes a smuggler and a leading figure of the underworld.{{multiple image |directionright |width |image1Shashi Kapoor as Inspector Ravi, the honest of the two brothers, as a police officer.{{cite web}} |image2Amitabh Bachchan as Vijay, the dishonest of the two brothers. The glare of a building in the glasses symbolize his hunger for wealth.<ref nameLal|firstOf Cricket, Guinness, and Gandhi: Essays on Indian History and Culture|yearSeagull Books|isbnhttp://www.alibris.com/booksearch?qisbn7718656#search-anchor|authorDetails The film opens with the strong leadership of trade unionist, Anand Verma , who works hard to enhance the lives of struggling laborers. He lives in a modest home with his wife, Sumitra Devi , and their two young sons, Vijay Verma  and Ravi Verma . Anand, however, is blackmailed by a corrupt businessman who threatens to kill his family if Anand does not cease his activities. Forced into compliance, Anand is thus attacked by the very same laborers who once supported him. His family is also persecuted by the angry workers who brand young Vijay's arm with the words: "Mera baap chor hai" in Hindi translated into "My Father Is A Thief." Anand then runs away forcing his wife and two children into destitute poverty. Not knowing what else to do, Sumitra Devi brings her children to Mumbai and struggles as a day laborer to care for her now homeless boys. Vijay, the elder brother, grows up with an acute awareness of his father's failure and is victimized for his father's supposed misdeeds. In the process of fighting for his rights Vijay, who starts out as a boot polisher and becomes a dockyard worker in his youth, becomes a smuggler and a leading figure of the underworld. He also sacrifices his own education so his brother Ravi can study. Ravi is an excellent student and grows up to become an upright police officer. He is also dating Veera , the daughter of a senior police officer.On the Commissioner's suggestion, Ravi applies for employment with the police, and is sent for training. Several months later, he is accepted by the police, and has a rank of Sub-Inspector. Vijay, on the other hand, becomes involved with Anita , a woman whom he meets at a bar. When Anita becomes pregnant, Vijay decides to abandon his life in the underworld, marry her, and confess his sins. He also hopes to seek forgiveness from his mother and brother.When Ravi returns home, he finds that Vijay has become a businessman overnight, has accumulated wealth, and a palatial home. When Ravi finds out that Vijay has acquired wealth by crime, he decides to move out along with his mom.One of his first assignments is to be apprehend and arrest some of Bombay's hardcore criminals and smugglers which includes his brother, Vijay - much to his shock, as he had never associated his very own brother of having any criminal background. Ravi must now decide to proceed on with apprehending Vijay, or quit from the police force. However, when Anita is brutally murdered by rival members of the underworld, Vijay loses all sense of rational behavior and brutally murders his rivals in revenge for Anita's death, leading him to be branded a criminal forever. Their mother, who had sided with Ravi despite the fact that Vijay was her favorite, is tormented by Vijay's decisions and rejects him. When the two brothers meet for a final clash, however, it is Vijay who dies in his mother's arms seeking forgiveness and Ravi who is awarded for pursuing justice.