Zenon Kar is a 13-year-old girl who lives with her family on an orbiting space station in 2049. After getting into trouble with the space station's commander, Edward Plank, Zenon's parents punish her by grounding her to Earth to live with her Aunt Judy, who is afraid of space. On Earth Zenon experiences trouble fitting in with other kids, who consider her space-station stories and slang weird and to be avoided. Likewise, Zenon considers the children at her school woefully out of touch with pop culture. To assuage her homesickness, Zenon often communicates with her best friend on the space station, Nebula Wade, via a video phone tablet. Eventually Zenon makes friends on earth with two boys, Andrew and Greg. Along the way the kids learn to be more accepting of one another and to look past first impressions. During her time grounded on Earth, Zenon uncovers a plot masterminded by station bigwig Parker Wyndham to crash the computers of her space station home , which will put everyone on it in danger. When Zenon tries to warn her parents of the danger, Commander Plank, who sees all children as troublemakers, convinces Zenon's parents not to listen to her. He believes that her story is only a ploy to get her back onto the space station so that she can attend an upcoming concert by her idol Proto Zoa , who are about to perform the world's first space concert. With the help of her friends Andrew and Greg, Zenon must find a way to save the space station and her family. Andrew creates a computer virus to counteract that deployed by Wyndham, and it is then up to Zenon to get the disk to the station. Hoping to somehow sneak onto a space launch, Zenon goes to the launch yard, where Proto Zoa and his band are about to depart for their concert. In a lucky break, Proto Zoa recognizes Zenon from a "Dance with Proto Zoa" contest and takes her with his band, Mr. Wyndham, his assistant Lutz, and Aunt Judy on the launch to the station. Upon arrival, Commander Plank is shocked to see Zenon on the station, but is smitten with Aunt Judy. After hearing Zenon's story, the commander still has trouble believing her, especially when Wyndham accuses her of sabotaging the station. Against all odds, Zenon manages to use the computer virus program that Andrew created to save the space station, and Wyndham and Lutz get arrested. Afterward, everyone enjoys the Microbe concert.