{{Plot}} After being released from prison, Adam, the former leader of a neo-Nazi gang, is required to spend several months living in a small religious community, headed by a priest named Ivan. Two other former prisoners are being rehabilitated at the same time: Khalid, an Arab burglar who occasionally holds up petrol stations, and Gunnar, an obese, alcoholic, kleptomaniac convicted rapist. Ivan believes firmly in the goodness of man, and seems blind to their continuing misdeeds. In order to be rehabilitated, he tells Adam to choose a goal to complete; when he achieves this goal, he will be free to leave the parish. Trying to provoke a reaction from the priest, Adam chooses the goal of baking an apple pie. Ivan accepts the goal, with the addendum it must be made from apples from the tree that grows in the churchyard. Adam is tasked with tending the tree, but it does not go well: first crows attack the apples, and later most of those that remain are eaten by worms. During his stay, Adam meets a former Nazi soldier named Paul who attends the church. Paul lives with remorse for his participation at the concentration camps. Ivan takes Adam along to visit Paul in the hospital, since Paul is on his deathbed. Paul's regret for his past wrongs also convicts Adam. After he has been at the church for some time, a distraught woman named Sarah arrives and sort of joins this group of misfits living at the parish. Adam discovers that Ivan's life has been very difficult. Despite many past problems, Ivan remains upbeat. Adam grows to resent Ivan's sunny disposition about everything, in which Ivan seems to discount the grim realities around him in favor of his feelings that God is always on his side. One night, Adam angrily confronts Ivan about the incongruity between Ivan's faith and the difficulties in his life. Adam tells Ivan that God must hate him to put him through such negative circumstances, citing the biblical book of Job. Adam wants to crush Ivan's faith. During a hospital visit, Adam learns that Ivan is terminally ill. In the face of Adam's brutal confrontation, Ivan has finally broken down and renounced his faith. In the meantime, several members of Adam's former neo-Nazi gang had previously visited the church to reconnect with Adam. During the visit, they confronted Khalid for being non-white, and he in turn had shot and wounded them. They now return, intending to exact revenge on Khalid. During the noisy confrontation, Ivan comes out of the church, demanding to be allowed to die in peace. A scuffle ensues and the leader of the neo-Nazis accidentally shoots the priest in the eye . Khalid is distraught, and leaves the village . At the hospital, the doctor predicts Ivan will be dead by morning. Suddenly guiltstricken, Adam decides to make him the apple pie he had set as his goal. He returns to the church only to discover that the apples he had harvested have been eaten by Sarah and Christopher. Luckily, Gunnar stole one of them, which he now gives to Adam. Adam stays up all night baking a tiny, one-apple pie for Ivan. But when he arrives at the hospital, he finds that Ivan's bed is empty. Assuming the worst, he goes to find Ivan's doctor, who tells him that the priest is in the garden - the bullet hit and neatly removed the tumour that plagued him, so the terminal tumour is now gone. Adam quickly goes and meets Ivan, and the two happily consume the pie. In the epilogue, Sarah and Gunnar are wed, and Sarah gives birth to a child with Down syndrome, but the two accept it and plan to move to Indonesia together. Adam remains as an assistant to Ivan, and the opening scene of the movie is replayed, now with Ivan and Adam welcoming two similarly troubled men recently released from prison.