Former U.S. Army Special Forces sergeant Chris Vaughn  returns to his small home town (Kitsap, [[Washington . Looking for work, he finds the local cedar mill has closed down three years prior, and there is a new casino in town, owned by his school friend Jay Hamilton , that is taking advantage of the chaotic economic situation. While checking out the casino, Vaughn stumbles upon his childhood friend Deni , who is now working as a stripper. Later, he notices the craps dealer use loaded dice and demonstrates this to the patrons. Vaughn is subsequently assaulted by the casino's security staff and manages to beat a number of them before being subdued with a taser. The security staff take the unconscious Vaughn into the basement and torture him by cutting his torso with a stanley knife before dumping him on a roadside. He is found by a trucker and hospitalized, but recovers quickly. Vaughn goes to the Sheriff ([[Michael Bowen  to press charges against the guards, but the Sheriff refuses to allow him to do so because the casino is viewed as too important to the town's economy, stating that because of their position that the casino is considered a "no fly zone". After this, Vaughn also learns that his nephew, Pete , experimented with crystal meth, which was sold to his friends by a casino security guard. Infuriated, Vaughn goes to the casino, and using a piece of lumber as a club, brutally beats the security guards before threatening Hamilton. Vaughn is apprehended by the Sheriff and his deputies on the way home. In the ensuing trial, all of Hamilton's security and staff testify against Vaughn. When the judge allows Vaughn to present his defense, he fires his appointed attorney, who is implicitly under Hamilton's employ. After making a civic speech about the town's great former self, Vaughn tells the jury and the rest of the town that if he's cleared of the charges, he will run for sheriff and clean up the town. To further prove his point, Vaughn reveals the grotesque scars on his torso from his being tortured by the casino staff. He is then acquitted and wins the election for sheriff. Upon taking office, he dismisses the entire police force and deputizes his friend, Ray Templeton , whom he knows will remain loyal and fight for what he knows is right despite being a convicted felon. Vaughn and Templeton "find" drugs on Hamilton's right-hand man and head of security Booth , Templeton having planted them on him, and they take him into custody. In an attempt to make him rat on other drug dealers, they tear his truck apart, but he does not talk. Vaughn assigns Templeton to stand watch over his house, as he knows Hamilton will likely target his family. Vaughn himself remains at the sheriff's office to supervise Booth. He is visited by Deni, who comes with the intention of bringing him food, but the two end up having sex. The next morning, the former Sheriff and his deputies arrive at the Sheriff's office where they blow up Vaughn's truck and fire upon the building with machine guns. Booth pleads for Vaughn to let him out of his cell, prompting Vaughn to use Booth's perilous situation as leverage for information. Booth reveals that the old mill is where the drugs are being produced, but is immediately killed by the indiscriminate fire of the attackers. Vaughn manages to kill all of the attackers with Deni's help. Vaughn's parents' house is attacked, but Templeton and Vaughn's father are able to dispatch all of them. After ensuring their safety, Vaughn heads for the mill where he discovers a meth lab as well as Hamilton, calmly waiting in a control room. Hamilton attempts to kill Vaughn with the mill equipment by dropping him through a trap door, but Vaughn drags Hamilton down with him and the two fall through a chute. Vaughn, whose leg is injured, manages to tend to his injury in a nearby forest before Hamilton attacks him with an axe. The two fight for their lives, with Vaughn ultimately coming out on top by beating Hamilton with a nearby uprooted tree. Vaughn arrests Hamilton and, with Templeton's assistance, shuts down the casino.