Set in the year 2305, Captain Nyota Uhura attends the dedication of a new USS Enterprise , a replica of the original 1701. It is designed as a museum ship and a tribute to all who served on the original Enterprise, especially to Captain Kirk's sacrifice. Uhura meets up with Pavel Chekov and John Harriman, captain of the Enterprise-B, when they discover anomalies emanating from an old "friend" on the planet housing the Guardian of Forever. Arriving there, the trio encounter an aged and vengeful Charlie Evans who is determined to alter the timeline and prevent Kirk's birth . Evans succeeds and the timeline is altered beyond measure. The galaxy is being governed by the Galactic Order, a militaristic organization similar to the Terran Empire from the mirror universe. The Galactic Order is being led by a mysterious superbeing. Uhura is safely with Tuvok on Vulcan, protected. Chekov is a freedom fighter and Harriman is a mass murderer working for the Order. After Tuvok and Uhura narrowly escape Vulcan's destruction at the hands of Harriman, they arrive on his ship and Tuvok is able to partially restore the memories of Uhura and Chekov who work together along with a man called Ragnar to capture Harriman and return to the Guardian of Forever. They succeed and discover Evans on the planet. Charlie understands the implications of his act and now regretts it immensely. He fully restores the memories of all three and is about to fix it, but the trio are beamed up by Harriman's crew to be executed under the orders of the insane Gary Mitchell, the leader of the Galactic Order. They escape with Ragnar's help and while Harriman and Chekov distract the Galactic Order and rebel forces, Uhura returns to the planet to Charlie and is followed by Mitchell. Mitchell fights Evans and wins by distracting him with Janice Rand. However, he realizes that Chekov  is not there and leaves. Uhura persuades Evans to use what's left of his strength to repair the timeline. Evans goes through the Guardian and travels to the future to kill his past self , restoring the original timeline. The main characters go to Vulcan to celebrate Uhura's wedding. Chekov gets a tribble as a present and is not very pleased.