Kenneth More stars as William Crichton, the highly knowledgeable and efficient butler in the London household of the Earl of Loam  and his family. Though Crichton is the true master of the household, he knows his place, honouring the tightly regulated social structure of late-nineteenth century England. He disagrees with the Earl's contention that all men are created equal; Crichton believes that some are meant to rule and others to serve. One of the Earl's daughters is arrested at a suffragette meeting and he decides to take the family on holiday to escape the scandal. On a trip on the Earl's steam yacht to the South Seas, the family and its servants are shipwrecked on a desert island: Crichton; the Earl; his daughters Mary , Catherine  and Agatha ; a clergyman ; a young Lord called Woolley ; and a fellow servant, Eliza Tweeney . Only Crichton proves to have the skills and resourcefulness to keep everyone alive. Due to differences with Lord Loam, Crichton leaves the group to setup camp at another area of the island. Loam fails to establish a proper camp, and suffering hunger, his group later set off to find out how Crichton had fared. They find him at his well-established camp, roasting a pig while listening to records on a salvaged turntable working off a water wheel in the nearby stream. Two years pass, and the social order has been reversed: Crichton, who becomes affectionately known as 'Guv', takes control of affairs, while his former employers become his willing and eager servants. Lady Mary, assuming that she will never be able to return to her proper fiancé, falls in love with Crichton, but he is also loved by Eliza. Lord Loam is known to all as 'Daddy' and happily serves as Crichton's valet. As Crichton and Mary are about to be married , a rescue ship is sighted. The group is undecided whether to light the signal fire until Crichton does so. The castaways are rescued and return to their London home, where the original master-servant status quo is restored. His marriage to Lady Mary now an impossibility, Crichton calmly packs his bags and leaves, in the company of maidservant Tweeny , who has loved him all along. He has however acquired a bag of valuable pearls from the island and plans to set up in business using them as capital. Barrie's satirical jab at class consciousness  were less relevant in 1957; thus, The Admirable Crichton concentrates on the story's farcical and romantic elements.