Anjooran , and his four sons Balaraman , Swaminathan ([[Innocent , Premachandran  and Ramabhadran ([[Mukesh  are in severe enmity with Anappara family for past decades. Anjooran never fails any chance to belittle Anappara Achama . Anjooran and his sons also have a bitter hatred against women and the entry of women is prohibited into their house. While, the three elder brothers are ventured into business, Ramabhadran is a law student. At college, he along with his friend Mayin Kutty , tries all ways to humiliate Malu ([[Kanaka , the grand daughter of Anappara Achama, who is also his classmate. Malu gets engaged to a state minister, but the minister withdraws from the relation as Anjooran intervenes and threatens him of political consequences. Anappara Achamma hatches a plan to divide Anjooran's family. She advises Malu to act as if she is in love with Ramabhadran and makes him turn against his father. As per the advise of her grand mother she expresses her her feelings to Ramabhadran. With the encouragement of Mayin Kutty, Ramabhadran too acts as if he is in love with her. But with time, both develops a liking with each other. In meantime, both Ramabhadran and Mayin Kutty find out that Swaminathan is already married to Kochammini , a dance teacher and also has two kids. Swaminathan promises Ramabhadran that he will help in uniting him and Malu. Upon knowing about marriage Anjooran brutally beats Swaminathan. He throws out both Swaminathan and Ramabhadran out of the house for ever. Anappara Achamma is shocked to know that Malu is really in love with Ramabhadran. She along with her sons decides to get her married to Dr. Balakrishnan, son of their advocate. She sends her sons to Anjooran asking him to offer security at the marriage ceremony to stop Ramabhadran from marrying Malu, which Anjooran agrees. At the same time, she also approaches Ramabhadran informing him that she is willing to get Malu married to him. In reality, she was planning to get both Anjooran and Ramabhadran fight each other. But on the day of marriage, Ramabhadran, Swaminathan, Mayin Kutty and Kochammini dupes all and enters the marriage hall. They also successfully escapes from the clutches of goons and Ramabhadran enters on the podium. He, but refuses to marry Malu, saying that he needs his father's permisiion to do that. He also makes Anjooran realizes about the wicked plan of Achamma to separate him with his father. Anjooran agrees for the marriage and blesses the couple. He then takes all to his house and throws away the board that denied entry of women to his house.