The film begins in 1917 with the opening of the 1000th Woolworth store known as the Woolworth Tower. Barbara is seen with her family as her grandfather delivers a speech. After the commemoration, Frank Woolworth expresses his disappointment to his daughter that her husband Franklin Hutton was not present to celebrate the opening of the new store. Edna acknowledges that her husband is a philanderer, drunk, and gambler but replies to her father, "He's still happens to be Barbara's father." Later that night in their apartment at the Plaza hotel, Edna leaves Barbara a note under her pillow while she walks back to her room and drinks poison. Barbara wakes up after hearing a noise and finds her mother dead. During Christmas, Franklin tries to comfort his daughter by giving her a present before walking downstairs to have dinner with his in-laws. Barbara sneaks downstairs and overhears a loud argument between her grandfather and father as well as her father's own admission that he never wanted to have a child. Grandpa Woolworth decides to take matters into his own hands and brings Barbara to live in his Long Island estate, Winfield Hall. While Barbara enjoys the time she spends with her grandfather playing his organ her happiness is short lived as grandpa Woolworth dies in 1919. Fast forward to 1924 where Barbara is living with her aunt Grace in Burlingame, California, her father quickly drops by before leaving for San Francisco. Aunt Grace decides to invite some children to play with Barbara, however these kids are fascinated with Barbara's expensive toys and ask if they can each take one toy home. This leaves Barbara sobbing realizing that all people want from her is her money. Her governess Tiki hears the crying and immediately comes to comfort her. Not longer after Franklin returns to see Barbara and brings a surprise with him, his new wife Irene. Franklin has some sad news and tells Barbara that her grandmother just died. Barbara becomes an heiress and her stockbroker father will now manage her $28 million trust. In 1926, Franklin and Irene buy a duplex on fifth avenue and decide to buy one for Barbara as well. Even though her father lives next door, he sees very little of his daughter and continues with his partying lifestyle while Barbara is left all alone until her favorite cousin Jimmy comes to visit her. Now the year is 1930 and the scene is the Ritz Carlton hotel where Barbara's debutante party is being thrown, she meets many new friends including David Herbert and her future husband Prince Mdivani who immediately is infatuated with Barbara. Aunt Marjorie Merriweather Post decides to intervene by introducing Barbara to the handsome playboy Phil Plant and they dance the night away. Franklin quickly disproves of Phil in which Jimmy Donahue says, "Sounds familiar" referencing the same remarks that his late father-in-law made of him to his wife Edna. Franklin stops Barbara from seeing Phil and rushes her off to London where she will be presented at Buckingham Palace. While in London, Barbara receives an invitation to a party at the villa of matchmaker Elsa Maxwell in the resort town of Biarritz where she is reintroduced to the now newlyweds Louise Van Alen and Prince Mdivani. Louise soon becomes jealous that her husband spends most of his time alone with Barbara. All the while, Mdivani's sinister sister Roussie is devising a plan to have her brother divorce Louise and tap into Barbara's many more millions. One day when Barbara is out reading poetry she hears a song called a Million Dollar Baby and becomes furious when she learns that the lyrics are referring to her. She breaks the record and says, "How can the song be about me, they don't know anything about me. Doris Duke has more money, certainly more chin, Aunt Marjorie has more money." The episode ends with Barbara and Mdivani entering the pool house to make love and Roussie leading everyone down to the pool house where she opens the door and is "shocked" to find her brother and Barbara on a couch kissing each other. Louise is speechless and runs off.