George Malley  is an amiable auto mechanic who lives in a small friendly town in northern California. At a party in his local bar for his 37th birthday while standing outside sees what appears to be a set of bright white lights moving around in the sky which eventually make a loud sound and knock him off his feet. When entering the bar nobody heard the sound or saw the light and playfully suggest he's had too much to drink. Over the course of the following days, he starts to experience an extraordinary form of genius-level intelligence, easily absorbing vast amounts of information, formulating new, revolutionary ideas, and even exhibiting telekinetic abilities. He cannot sleep and mostly sits up all night reading 2 or 3 books in one day about things he's always wanted to learn about. George tries to use his new intelligence for the good of his community. At first local town folks are intrigued and amused by George's new abilities, but as they increase, community members gradually become afraid of him, with the only exceptions being love interest Lace Pennamin , town physician Doc Brunder , and best friend Nate Pope . Things become even more difficult when the FBI arrest him and his friend for apparently decoding a top secret morse code signal he heard on Nate's CB radio which they genuinely believed were doing just for their own ammusment with no malice intended. Nate is released after being briefly questioned however George remains in their custody having tests of his intellegence and code breaking abilties. He is ultimately released when he threatens to tell the press the FBI are holding him with no cause to charge him. While participating in a town fair, George wants to publicize his revolutionary findings to the community with the hopes to make people's lives better; instead, the townsfolk are more interested in seeing a display of his telekinesis, and a frenzied press conference ensues, overwhelming George and knocking him down. While on the ground, another great flash of light appears to George and he loses consciousness. He awakens in a hospital where Dr. Brunder explains what's been causing his change. He has an astrocytoma brain tumor that has spread out like a hand, with threads of it everywhere. But, instead of destroying brain function, so far it has been stimulating it. Thus, George has more area of active brain use than anybody ever tested because of the tentacles from the tumor. The tumor is claimed to be what caused the dizziness and illusion of light experienced by George, rather than a mystical or extraterrestrial source, but this is never definitively concluded, leaving the viewer to speculate. As a result of the tumor, George doesn't have much time to live. Government-employed doctors propose cutting George's life even shorter by examining his brain before he can die a natural death, and argue that if he objects to their plan, the objection itself would be proof that he is mentally unfit to make such a decision, and that the government should thus proceed with the examination anyway. Held against his will — allegedly just for observation, but really until the government can put its plan into action — George eventually escapes, hoping to continue his research. He hopes that seismologist Dr. Ringold , from UC Berkeley, might continue his experiments and, ultimately, complete the research he will never get to finish. After returning home, George gives Nate notes which basically served as a journal and gives him other notes to deliver to Doc Brunder. He then retrieves his scientific research and runs to Lace's house. There, he aims to give his final farewells to Lace and her children, Al  and Glory . When the children realize that George has returned there to die, they are emotionally overwhelmed and the boy runs off across the yard, his younger sister following. George goes to them, and comforts them by using an apple as a metaphor: no matter what, an apple will rot and decay if thrown on the ground, but if they were to take a bite out of it, the apple would become a part of them, and they would carry it with them forever. By doing this, he expresses the last wishes of a terminally ill man - that he hopes to leave those around him with some of his love and wisdom, as well as easing their sadness at his inevitable departure. Later that day, George lays out a blanket in the shade of a tree, where he and Lace then lie down together to make love. Finally, later that same day, George tells her while they're in bed that his moment of death is imminent. With tears in her eyes, Lace professes her love for him as he quietly dies in her loving embrace. Dr. Ringold arrives the next morning to speak with George again, but he is too late. Lace gives him George's incomplete research notebooks, indicating he'd hoped Ringold would be able to finish the scientific work. In the next scene we see George's best friend Nate driving through a mass corn field as a result of George's insecticide and pesticide he developed during his peak of intellegence combating claims of Nate earlier in the film that nothing could grow in that field due to the soil being too dry. The movie ends at George's next  birthday party with some of his friends.