The movie takes plot elements told from the three comic albums "Cry Wolf", "The Story of Quark" and "The Journey to Utgard-Loki". Thor, the god of thunder, and Loki, habitually visiting Midgard , takes refuge for the night at a lonesome farm house, inhabited by a couple of ordinary Viking peasants and their two children, a boy named Tjalvi and his younger sister Röskva. Thor generously offers one of his  goats which is dragging his chariot, as a feast dinner for all of them, but strongly warns any of the members of the household from breaking the bones. Loki, always treacherous, persuades the boy Tjalvi into doing exactly that, for the sake of the good marrow inside. The next morning, Thor revives his two goats, but is infuriated when he discovers that one of them has become lame, caused by the breaking of the bone the previous night. Thor is craving for revenge, but Loki instead suggests that they'll take the boy Tjalvi with them to Asgard as a servant, which Thor reluctantly accepts to. Tjalvi on his part is not very courageous on going to Asgard or the prospect of serving 'the mighty gods' either, but his sister Röskva is very adventurous and keen to go, even though she isn't even a prospect . Eventually the gods and their new servant is going, leaving the parents and going to Asgard via Bifröst. Well arrived, they soon discover that Röskva has kept hiding in the chariot, as so she is allowed to follow the company and her brother to Thor's home Bilskirnir where his wife Sif and their two infant children are awaiting. Here, the two human children are put to hard physical work immediately, having to clean not only the mansion with its 540 rooms  but also nursing the two infants and serving the gods. The glamour of the 'immortals' and their world soon vanishes as Thor is frequently away from home on new adventures, leaving the human antagonists with all the hard work. As a regular friend of the house, one day Loki shows up with a small nonverbal Jötunnboy named Quark, which almost immediately causes havoc in the thundergod's home, and which Loki at first claims 'followed him' home, but finally professes he 'won', when he lost a bet with Útgarða-Loki and now has to keep until he behaves properly. Sif is so dispared, when she finds out Quark has to stay at Bilskirnir, that she leaves the home with the two infants in distress, which in turn, makes Thor go crazy and destroy everything around him, until he finally leaves, leaving Loki, Quark, Röskva and Tjalvi behind. Soon, the children and Quark find they have something in common and befriend each other, while Loki just makes himself comfortably in 'his' new home. He acts as a lazy and cruel master of the house and the children and Quark finally run away to look up the mighty head of the gods Odin, who lives in nearby Valhalla and who they suppose will help them against the unfair behaviour of Loki. They find out he will not, and so they run out into the forest and build their own treehouse, setting up their own life. Almost everything is pure idyll, until Thor returns and brings them back to Bilskirnir by force. Now he confronts Loki with Quark, demanding he brings him back to Útgarðar. Since Loki can't or won't bring Quark back, Thor forces him, by escorting him along with Röskva and Tjalvi. From this point on, the story relates how they travel to Útgarðar, fighting with jötunns and mystical beasts, using sorcery, raw power and cleverness.Valhalla synopsis, Peter Madsen information, accessed 4 January 2012