There is no central plot, but some of the vignettes connect loosely. All the stories show the essential humanity of the characters and address themes of life, existence and happiness. The film makes repeated use of distinctive cinematic techniques. One of these is dreams and how they reflect the fears, feelings and desires of the characters. Another is the use of music, in conjunction with dialogues and editing, both as a track and performed on camera. The film starts with a monologue, which ends up being sung to Dixieland jazz music being played by lone musicians, each in a different room in a different part of the city. The stories in the film include: * An overweight woman  laments her life while being completely self-absorbed. Her equally overweight boyfriend  tries to comfort her and invites her to dinner. The woman later rejects an admirer in a trenchcoat  who tries to give her a bouquet of flowers. * A carpenter  has a dream in which he is condemned and executed for breaking a 200-year-old china set while trying to perform the tablecloth trick. * A pickpocket  steals the wallet of a high roller  at a fine restaurant before he has paid the bill. * A psychiatrist  has lost faith in people's ability to be happy because of their selfishness. Nowadays he only prescribes pills. * A business consultant  gets his hair butchered by an upset barber  before attending a meeting where the CEO  dies of a heart attack. * A sousaphone player  makes money by playing in funerals, including the one of the CEO. * A girl  finds her musical idol, Micke Larsson , in a tavern. He invites her and her friend for a drink, but afterwards he ditches her by giving her wrong directions to a band rehearsal. Later, she tells a diner full of people a dream she had about marrying him. In the dream, their apartment building slowly drifts down a street while people outside cheer for the happy couple. * A husband and wife  have a fight and they both linger on it, causing them to get into trouble at work. The film ends with a montage of different characters who suddenly stop in the middle of everyday chores to look up into the sky. Dixieland music is once again played as the camera is put on the wing of an airplane. A large formation of B-52 bomber planes appears in front of the camera as they fly menacingly in over a large city.