{{Plot}} The film begins in Middle Age Europe, where a woman gives birth to a baby. Within a few minutes of his birth, the baby starts saying: "Ho, ho, ho!". Mother Claus  calls her son, Frederick  over to meet his new brother, whom she has decided to name him Nicholas . Mother Claus lovingly refers to the new baby as her little Saint Nick. During Christmas, when Nick opens his gifts including Fred's, Nick decides to give them away to orphans which angers Fred. Mother Claus advises Fred to be a better person; this in turn causes Fred to resent Nick. Feeling isolated, Fred often meets a bird to confide about his problems. On one occasion, Nick cuts off the tree causing the bird to leave; this causes a permanent rift between Fred and Nick. In the present-day, it is explained that when Nick eventually becomes a saint due to all his good deeds, he, Mrs. Annette Claus , and his immediate family become frozen in time, never to age. Nick has become the modern-day Santa Claus, giving gifts to people and Fred runs a repo company to take them away. Fred goes to see his girlfriend, Wanda Blinkowski , who gets mad at Fred for forgetting that her birthday was the next day. Wanda refers to a previous birthday where Fred promised to take her to France. Back at his apartment, Fred packs up when a young orphan boy named Samuel "Slam" Gibbons  comes in. Slam talks about wanting a puppy for Christmas. Soon after, an elf named Willy  shows up to takes Fred to the North Pole. We learn that Willy is the head elf, and has a crush on Santa's Little Helper, Charlene . Once Fred and Willy arrive at the North Pole, Nick welcomes Fred warmly and shows him around. There is also a humongous snow globe in the room, where you can say any person's name and see if they're being naughty or nice. While Fred starts working, Nick and Mrs. Claus introduced Clyde Northcutt , an efficiency expert who has come to assess the situation at the North Pole. Later, Clyde walks in the workshop which is in a state of chaos because of Fred and says that Nick's inability to control his work staff is Strike #1. That night at dinnertime, Nick convinces Fred to come to dinner with their parents and Clyde. Sitting down to dinner, Mother Claus continues to praise Nick. Fred storms out and heads to Frosty's Tavern, where he meets Willy. Willy discusses his lack of self-confidence regarding Charlene. Later, when everyone else is asleep, Fred and Nick ends up fighting each other, which ends when Nick injures his back. Frustrated with Nick and the rest of his family, Fred unexpectedly leaves the North Pole with his $50,000, but Nick gives Fred a present to take with him. Fred waits until he returns home to open the gift, which is a birdhouse, a replacement for the one on the tree, and a note from Nick, saying that he is sorry for sawing down the tree. Obviously confused about his feelings, Fred enters into a Siblings Anonymous meeting. At the end, Clinton's younger half-brother, Roger, Jr., makes a speech about his brother's success. Back at the North Pole, it looks like Christmas is lost. However, Fred shows up to help out and with Willy's help in the sleigh, Fred starts delivering presents around the world. Fred immediately starts delivering toys with his help of Willy and the other elves. However, halfway through the night, Clyde sabotages their efforts. While Fred and Willy attempt to finish delivering the gifts for the children, Nick goes to talk to Clyde, realizing that as a child, Clyde did not get what he wanted from Nick. Fred and Willy finally return to the North Pole and are successful in their efforts. With Christmas finally saved, Fred returns to Wanda's house. However, Fred gives her a present. Wanda opens it to find a teddy bear holding a French flag. Fred and Wanda get back together and Charlene and Willy are now happily together.