In 1944, Nazi Germany is working on terror weapons, the V-1 flying bomb and V-2 rocket while British Intelligence learns about a new secret weapon. Technical problems with the V-1 lead the Germans to create a manned version to ascertain the flight problems of the rocket but all the test pilots are killed flying it. Aviatrix Hanna Reitsch  successfully flies and lands the V-1, discovering the problem and how to solve it, which leads to the mass production of the V-1. As D-Day approaches, Winston Churchill  is concerned about rumours of a German flying bomb and orders Duncan Sandys, his son-in-law ([[Richard Johnson , one of his ministers, to investigate. Sandys is convinced by intelligence and photo-reconnaissance reports that the weapons exist, but sceptical scientific advisor Professor Lindemann  dismisses the reports as extremely fanciful. He is proved wrong when V-1s start falling on London. Bomber Command launches a raid on Peenemünde to destroy the factory producing them. The Germans move their factory underground in Southern Germany for protection and rush ahead with the development and production of the larger, more deadly V-2. The head of British intelligence  learns that engineers are actively being recruited across occupied Europe for the new weapon and decides to infiltrate the factory. He finds three qualified volunteers, all experienced engineers who speak fluent German. They are hastily trained and sent to Germany via the Netherlands. Amongst the volunteers interviewed but not selected is a British officer named Bamford , who is actually a German undercover agent. Just after the British agents are parachuted into occupied Europe, British Intelligence learns that one of them, Robert Henshaw , has been given the cover identity of a man wanted by the police for murder. Sure enough, he is arrested, but released after being blackmailed into becoming an engineer and an informer. However, he is recognised by Bamford, now working as a security officer. Refusing to reveal his mission, he is tortured by the Gestapo and then shot when he refuses to cooperate. A further complication occurs when Nora , the wife of the man whom US Air Force Lieutenant John Curtis  is impersonating, comes to visit her husband to obtain custody of their children. Although innocent, the wife can compromise the mission. Curtis assures Nora that she will be allowed to rejoin her children, but, in order to maintain the mission's secrecy, after Curtis leaves, the German contact, Frieda  who runs the hotel where Curtis is staying, kills Nora. Curtis and Phil Bradley  manage to infiltrate the underground factory. Bradley is only able to work as a porter/cleaner, but Curtis manages to work his way into the heart of the project, where he is assigned to fix the problem of engine vibration that is holding up the V-2's development. The two agents send back information and learn that the Royal Air Force is mounting a nighttime bombing raid on the facility, but the protective doors on the ceiling, that cover the ready-to-launch large A9/A10 "New York Rocket", must be opened to expose the plant and provide a landmark for the bombers. The controls are in the powerhouse; Bradley is killed, but Curtis is able to shoot his way in. As the Germans frantically try to break in, the fatally wounded man opens the doors before he dies. The raid succeeds in obliterating the factory.