A group of English schoolchildren, living in the midst of a war, are evacuated from England. Their airliner is shot down by briefly glimpsed fighter planes, and ditches near a remote island. The main character Ralph is seen walking through a tropical forest. He meets an intelligent and chubby boy, who reveals his school nickname was Piggy, but asks that Ralph not repeat that. The two go to the beach where they find a conch shell which Ralph blows to rally the other survivors. As they emerge from the jungle it becomes clear that only school pupils have escaped the crash. Singing is heard and a small column of school choir boys, wearing dark cloaks and hats, appears walking in pairs, led by a boy named Jack. The boys decide to appoint a chief. The vote goes to Ralph, and not Jack. Initially Ralph is able to steer the children  towards a reasonably civilised and co-operative society. Only boys holding the conch are allowed to speak during meetings. The choir boys make wooden spears, further reinforcing their appearance as an army within the group. Critically Jack has a knife, capable of killing an animal. The boys build shelters and start a fire using Piggy's glasses. With no rescue in sight, the increasingly authoritarian and violence-prone Jack starts hunting and eventually finds a pig. Meanwhile, the fire, for which he and his "hunters" are responsible, goes out, keeping them hidden from a passing airplane. Piggy chastises Jack, and Jack strikes him in retaliation, knocking his glasses off, and breaking one lens on the rocks. Ralph is furious with Jack. Soon some of the children begin to talk of a beast that comes from the water. Jack, obsessed with this imagined threat, leaves the group to start a new tribe, one without rules, where the boys play and hunt all day. Soon, more follow until only a few, including Piggy, are left with Ralph. Events reach a crisis when a boy named Simon finds a sow's head impaled on a stick, left by Jack as an offering to the Beast. He becomes hypnotized by the head, which has flies swarming all around it. Simon goes to what he believes to be the nest of the Beast, and finds a dead pilot under a hanging parachute. Simon runs to Jack's camp to tell them the truth, only to be killed in the darkness by the frenzied children who mistake him for the Beast. The new group raids the old group's camp and steals Piggy's glasses. Ralph goes to talk to the new group using the still-present power of the conch to get their attention. However when Piggy takes the conch, they are not silent  but instead jeer. The boys push down a large rock and crush Piggy. Ralph hides in the jungle. Jack and his hunters set fires to smoke him out, and Ralph staggers across the smoke-covered island. Stumbling onto the beach, Ralph falls at the feet of a naval officer who stares in shock at the painted and spear-carrying savages that the children have become, before turning to his accompanying landing party. A small boy reaches up to the officer to check that he is real. The last scene shows Ralph weeping as flames spread across the island.