This film begins with the last game of the American Football Federation between the Boston Rebels and the New York Dukes, ending with Rebels quarterback Joe Kingman  scoring a touchdown after ignoring an open wide receiver, Sanders . The next morning, an 8-year-old girl named Peyton Kelly  arrives on Kingman's doorstep saying that she is his biological daughter, and that his divorced wife sent her there to meet him. Kingman's agent, Stella Peck , thinks this will be bad for his image and distracts him with the upcoming playoffs. At the opening of Kingman's restaurant, he leaves without Peyton, and is on cover of a tabloid in a magazine article. Peck decides Kingman needs a new fatherly image. At a later press conference, the reporters make Kingman miserable, until Peyton comes to his defense, saying that he is new to this and trying the best he can, and that she thinks he is the best father in the world. Peyton then says that Kingman has to repay her, so she has him take her to a ballet academy run by Monique Vasquez . Vasquez has Kingman join their ballet performance to show him that ballet takes just as much athletic ability as football. Kingman and Peyton begin their relationship after Peyton calls his arrogant and selfish behavior to his attention. Kingman takes Peyton and her friends to the mall where he begins to get along with Vasquez. The Rebels march through the playoffs via three road games: Denver in the Wild Card round, Indianapolis in the Divisional round and finally Baltimore in the Conference round. They eventually make it to the championship game held in Arizona in a rematch with the New York Dukes. Peck offers Kingman a $25 million endorsement deal with Fanny's Burgers, a successful fast food restaurant run by Samuel Blake Jr , if he wins the game. While at lunch with Kingman and Vasquez, Peyton accidentally tells Kingman that her mother does not know that she is with him; apparently Peyton was supposed to go to a ballet school program for the month, but instead she ran away to be with Kingman. Peyton has an allergic reaction to the nuts in the dessert and Kingman rushes her to the hospital where the doctors tell him that his daughter is going to be fine. Kingman's former sister-in-law and Peyton's legal guardian, Karen Kelly , arrives. Kingman realizes that Sara , Kingman's ex-wife and Peyton's mother, died in a car accident six months previously. After overhearing Peck explaining that Peyton would be a distraction to Kingman, Kelly and Peyton return home. Later, while going through Peyton's bag under her bed, Kingman finds some photos and a letter from Sara, saying that she hid Peyton away from Kingman, not wanting Peyton to be a distraction to him. As the championship game begins, Kingman's mind is not fully set on the game and he is soon injured. Kingman is surprised to discover that Peyton has arrived with Kelly. Peyton tells him to never give up. Near the end of the fourth quarter, Kingman passes the ball to the running back, Webber , who gains positive yardage but fails to get out of bounds. Kingman rushes to call a final play and successfully does so. Kingman is hit and throws a lob pass to Sanders who catches the pass, allowing the Rebels to win their first championship. In a post-game interview, Kingman declines the Fanny's Burgers offer, insisting that he will be with Peyton. The film ends with Kingman, Peyton, and Vasquez dancing together in Kingman's apartment to the song Burning Love.