The story begins when a spacecraft tears through Earth's atmosphere and streaks across the sky, crashing into a Norwegian lake in 709 AD. From the wreckage emerges Kainan, a soldier from a faraway planet, and a deadly alien stowaway called a Moorwen. Before he has a chance to track down the alien, Kainan, the Outlander, is captured by a Viking warrior named Wulfric and held prisoner in the local village led by King Hrothgar. Gradually, as the Vikings come round to believing his story about "hunting a Dragon", and after he saves the King's life, he is accepted into their society. Flashbacks reveal his history where man and monster both seek revenge for violence committed against them: Kainan's people came to the Moorwens' world, killing them all and claiming it for themselves. One Moorwen survived, however, and slaughtered all the colonists, including Kainan's wife and son, after the armed forces had left. As the Moorwen "Dragon" ravages the Viking lands, killing everything in its path, Kainan forms an alliance with the primitive but fierce warriors. Shortly after Kainan crash landed, the Moorwen devastated the rival village, triggering war, with its surviving warriors led by King Gunnar. King Gunnar assaults Kainan's village, but his forces are repulsed. The enemy Vikings retreat into the forest, the Moorwen strikes, leaving the Vikings no choice but to run back to their former foes for refuge. Together, the two sides attempt to destroy the Moorwen and its newly spawned offspring. The village takes massive casualties, including both of the tribal kings. With the warriors demoralized, most of the Vikings leave the village in search of a new home and safety. Kainan, his friends, and the King's feisty daughter Freya, stand together to destroy the Moorwen. Kainan assists the Vikings by salvaging pieces of his crashed spacecraft allowing the forging of weapons capable of harming the creature. After a harrowing journey, the Vikings and Kainan confront the Moorwen in caves under the village and finally defeat the alien monsters. Only Kainan and Freya survive. As the movie ends, Kainan heads back to the lake where he crashed. The emergency beacon is beeping signaling that Kainan's people are coming to pick him up. As he looks up he sees the Spacecraft entering the Atmosphere. Even though this was his only chance to get home, Kainan destroys the beacon so he can remain on Earth instead of going home. He gives a Viking departure to the dead Hrothgar and Wulfric, marries Freya and becomes the new King of the tribe.