The film commences in 1890 in the small town of Kings Row, focusing on five children. They are Parris Mitchell , who lives with his grandmother ; Cassandra Tower , daughter of Dr. Alexander Tower ; the wealthy orphan Drake McHugh ; Louise Gordon , daughter of the sadistic town physician Dr. Henry Gordon , who has been known to perform operations without anesthetic; and the tomboy Randy Monaghan , whose father  is a railroad worker.<ref namehttp://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stidFull%20Synopsis |title2009-03-24 |workTurner Classic Movies }}  Parris is attracted to Cassandra, whom the other children avoid because her family is "strange": her mother is confined to the house and never seen. Dr. Tower takes Cassie out of school and Parris does not see her again until years later, when he begins his medical studies under Dr. Tower's tutelage. The next day, Parris learns that Dr. Tower has poisoned Cassie and shot himself and has left his estate to him. He learns from Dr. Tower's notebook that he killed Cassie because he believed he saw early signs that she might go insane like her mother, and he wanted to prevent Parris from ruining his life by marrying her, just as Tower's life had been ruined by marrying Cassie's mother. Parris returns to Kings Row and decides to remain there, when he learns that Dr. Gordon has died, leaving the town with no doctor. Louise reveals that her father amputated Drake's legs, unnecessarily, because he hated Drake and thought it was his duty to punish wickedness. Parris at first wishes to withhold the truth from Drake, fearing it will destroy his fragile recovery. He considers confining Louise to a mental institution, even though she is not insane, to prevent the truth from being revealed to Drake and other victims of her father. But instead, persuaded by his new friend Elise  to treat Drake like any other patient rather than his best friend, he tells Drake what happened. Drake reacts with defiance and summons a renewed will to live instead of the deep clinical depression Parris had feared. Parris is now free to marry Elise, having helped his old friend return to a productive life.