An aged Henry van Cleve  enters the opulent reception area of Hell, to be personally greeted by "His Excellency" . Henry petitions to be admitted , but there is some doubt as to his qualifications. To prove his worthiness , he begins to tell the story of his dissolute life. Born in Manhattan on October 25, 1872, Henry is the spoiled only child of stuffy, clueless, wealthy parents Randolph  and Bertha . His paternal grandmother  is also doting and naive, although his down-to-earth grandfather Hugo van Cleve , a self-made millionaire, understands Henry quite well. Henry grows up an idle young man, with a taste for attractive showgirls. One day, Henry overhears a beautiful woman lying to her mother on a public telephone. Intrigued, he follows her into a Brentano's and pretends to be an employee to get to know her better. Despite learning that she is engaged, he begins making advances, finally confessing he does not work there, whereupon she hastily departs. Later, obnoxious cousin Albert  introduces the family to his fiancee, Martha  and her feuding parents, the Strables . Henry is shocked to find that his mystery woman and Martha are one and the same. It turns out that Albert was the first suitor of whom both her parents approved. Fearful of spending the rest of her life as a spinster in Kansas City, Martha agreed to marry him. Henry convinces her to elope with him instead. Though everyone  is scandalized, eventually they are received back into the family. Henry and Martha enjoy a happy marriage and become the proud parents of a boy. On the eve of their tenth anniversary, however, Martha finds out about Henry's continuing dalliances with other women and goes back to her parents. Henry and Grandpa follow her there. Sneaking into the Strabel house, Henry begs her forgiveness and talks her into "eloping" a second time, much to Grandpa's delight. Fifteen years later, Henry meets a chorus girl  in her dressing room shortly before her performance. What begins as a courtship is soon revealed an an attempt by Henry to turn her away from his son, who has been dating her. When she reveals her knowledge of his true identity, Henry buys her off instead for $25,000. Martha passes away shortly after their twenty-fifth anniversary. Henry resumes an active social life much to the bemusement of his son. On October 26, 1942, the day after his 70th birthday, Henry dies under the care of a beautiful nurse, having portended her coming in a dream. After hearing Henry's story, His Excellency denies him entry and suggests he try the "other place", where Martha and his grandfather are waiting for him, hinting that there might be "a small room vacant in the annex".