Jay Austin  is a car salesman who consistently cheats his customers, even to the point of overcharging his own pastor. He teaches his rotund salemen, Bernie Meyers  and Vince Berkeley , to do likewise. Jay occasionally attends church, but only because his wife wants him to go. He also fakes giving a donation to the church, and his relationship with his wife and son deteriorates. One day while flipping television channels, he sees his pastor preaching that "you're in the shape you're in today because of the choices you've made". Jay becomes personally convicted and becomes a born-again Christian, prompting him to change his business practices. Jay decides to sell cars honestly from that point on. He apologizes to the local community, as well as to his wife and son. He is also informed that his wife is pregnant. However, he is now thousands of dollars in debt and facing the loss of his dealership if he can't catch up on his payments to the bank. Jay decides not to worry about his situation and to "let God handle it." After the two rotund salesmen leave over a disagreement about the newly reformed business practices, a young, innocent-looking "newcomer" Kevin Cantrell  comes to Jay to work for six weeks and asks him questions, such as how he sells cars. Jay answers by saying, "Just sell the car to them by its real price and God will decide". Sales are honest, but the amounts are mediocre at best. Kevin leaves after the six weeks, and, not longer after, Jay sees himself on television. Kevin was a carefully concealed undercover agent investigating which car dealers cheat. The next day, Jay comes to the lot and sees many people there to buy his cars. He calls his wife to help sell the cars, and they sell all the cars on the lot that day. The total of the sales above the cost of the cars is enough to cover what the banker demanded plus enough to repay all the old customers the amounts Jay had overcharged them. Days after that, he gets a live television interview from reporter Hillary Vale of WALB-TV. On camera, Jay sees his now former employee Bernie saying that Jay Austin is a cheater. Since Jay had just finished visiting his old customers to return the amounts he had overcharged them, the customers, presumably all seeing the news, waste no time to visit the lot to tell Hillary that there is more to the story. At home his wife and son watch him on television when his wife starts to feel contractions. Jay exits the interview and rushes home to send his wife to the hospital. She gives birth to a girl named Faith, to stand as a living reminder of Jay's newfound faith in God. At the end of the film, Jay drives away with his son in his 1958 Triumph TR3 with a newly installed flywheel .