An abused beagle runs away from his cruel owner  and meets Marty Preston. The dog then follows the boy home, but is not allowed to stay. So, Marty makes shelter from an abandoned shack at the top of a hidden hill, for the dog to stay in for the next few weeks. Marty immediately bonds with the dog and names him Shiloh. His stern father, Ray, won't let the boy keep the dog because it belongs to Judd Travers, a local hunter. Judd is a mean old man that hunts with his dogs. Shiloh was the most mistreated puppy out of the pack. They return Shiloh to the owner but after Shiloh is mistreated again, he runs away and returns to Marty. Knowing his father will once again make him take Shiloh back to Judd, Marty hides Shiloh in a shed behind his house. His secret is soon revealed when his mother, Louise, comes up the hill and sees Marty and Shiloh bonding by the hut. When the Bakers' German Shepherd attacks Shiloh, Marty has to turn to Ray to help. Marty takes Shiloh to a vet and Shiloh recovers quickly. Soon, Ray said that it was time to take Shiloh back to Judd. Marty fights a little with his dad about keeping Shiloh and about how much Judd abuses him. Ray initially agrees only to keep Shiloh until he recovers and tries not to grow attached to him, but that night, when he thinks Marty is asleep, gives him a treat and afterwards no longer fights Marty's desire to keep the dog. Eventually Marty goes to see Judd and ask him if he could clean up his  place in trade of Shiloh. Marty works the next few days at Judd's and is very excited to get his new dog. After all of Marty's hard work, Judd simply says that there weren't any witnesses to sign and that a contract is no good without it. Marty fights with the beer-guzzling Judd because he worked a lot for Shiloh. Marty continues working, though, sometimes overtime without being paid a penny more. Marty told Judd that he wanted Shiloh and that he worked very hard for nothing. Marty keeps Shiloh for the next few days when cold-hearted Judd comes to take the pup. Marty fights again with Judd again about keeping Shiloh with the help of Ray. Then, Judd tries to kidnap Shiloh. Ray comes to the rescue and knocks Judd down, and the two have a fight. Judd quickly escapes Ray, grabs Shiloh, and drives away in his truck. Marty could already tell how much Judd was going to abuse Shiloh. Watching Marty and Shiloh in the mirror, Judd seems to consider everything and with a loud groan, Judd says "Shiloh, huh?" and releases the sweet beagle from his truck and Shiloh runs with a small bark of joy into Marty's arms. Sheena Easton sings the theme "Are There Angels" for the Shiloh soundtrack during the credits, which shows Marty happily walking with Shiloh at his side.