Leon is a photographer who heads into the city's subway system at night to take photographs. He begins to investigate newsreels about midnight disappearances, which leads him to a butcher named Mahogany, whom he suspects has been killing subway passengers for over 100 years. He goes to the subway at midnight, where he witnesses the butcher killing passengers and hanging them on meat hooks. He passes out after being attacked by the butcher, who then strings him up as well. He awakens the next morning in an abandoned subway platform with strange markings carved into his chest. Maya, Leon's girlfriend, and her friend Jurgis, examine the photos Leon has been taking of Mahogany, leading them to the killer's apartment. Jurgis is kidnapped and Maya goes to the police, but they will not listen to her. A police official, who seems to be involved with the conspiracy, directs Maya to a trip on the midnight train. Leon decides to put an end to the butcher's crimes and heads to the meat packing plant Mahogany works in. Leon attacks Mahogany and they enter an underground cavern filled with decomposing bodies. The true purpose of the underground station is revealed: reptile-people enter the car and consume the bodies of the butcher's victims. As they exit the train, Leon and Maya discover they are in a station littered with the bones of hundreds of victims. Leon engages in a final battle with Mahogany, ending with Leon driving a sharpened bone through his throat and impaling his skull with a butcher knife. The train engineer explains to Leon that the reptile-people have always existed and the butcher's job is to feed them every night to keep "the worlds separate". The engineer then rips out Leon's tongue and eats it; he forces Leon to watch as he kills Maya on an altar of corpses and rips out her still-beating heart. When he is done, he tells Leon that he will become the new meat train butcher, replacing Mahogany. In the final scene, the police official that was involved hands the train schedule to the new butcher. The killer walks onto the midnight train and turns to reveal that he is the now-mute Leon.