The film begins off with a Star Wars styled title crawl. After the credits, the film cuts to the USS Consolationprize being attacked by a spacecraft resembling a Star Destroyer. We are then introduced to the ship's crew, Captain Kwirk and Mr. Spuck. A menacing figure named Dark Vapor then appears telling them that they are to be captured as part of the Rebellious Alliance. Upon realizing that the rest of the crew won't appear due to budget cuts, they escape in a shuttlecraft, and land on Earth, in the year 2001. They climb over a ridge to find a monolith, which belongs to a cigar-smoking Star Child. He says his monolith is broken and the universe is falling apart because of it. He states it's up to Kwirk and Spuck to repair it. They are also told that the dark smell of the force wants to steal the monolith for its power. But both sides can summon any warrior from any universe  to help their side of the fight. Later that night, the two arrive in Plastic City, and meet their first opponent, the Schwartzenator. In response, they summon RoboFuzz to combat him. Neither side is victorious. After that, Dark Vapor summons The Carnivore. Spuck responds by summoning N.T. the Non-Terrestrial. N.T. is the victor. Dark Vapor then summons Uglien, although he is easily distracted by an ice cream cone, which Spuck seemingly pulls out of his behind. Right as Spuck and Kwirk believe that they are victorious, the monolith is stolen by Darth Vapor's henchman, Mini-Maul , flying his Bow-Tie Fighter. Kwirk and Spuck secretly follow him onto Dark Vapor's starship, where a fight ensues. Meanwhile, Kwirk's mechanic, Mr. Squatty realizes the monolith's battery died and it just needed a jump start. The monolith is then repaired, and Captain Kwirk dispatches Mini-Maul by knocking him down into a pit of what appears to be liquid feces. Meanwhile, Mr. Spuck dispatches the rest of Vapor's henchmen in an asteroid field with a 12-gauge shotgun. Kwirk is reunited on the Consolationprize with Spuck, and he makes the discovery that the enemies' designation is pure gas. They dispatch Dark Vapor by launching a missile into his ship. With evil now vanquished, Captain Kwirk wonders why RoboFuzz and N.T. have not been returned to their respective universes. The Star Child then appears on their screen, and informs them that they have yet to battle the true evil, and to defeat it they must unite with their enemies. Kwirk, Spuck, Vapor, and Mini-Maul are then transported to a desert wasteland, where they meet Jar Jar Sucks. For a reason they can't explain, they all suddenly feel pure hatred toward him, and attack. They tie him up with his own tongue, and throw him over a cliff. The Star Child then informs them that their duties are done, and they are sent back to their respective universes, "until the sequel".