13 hours after the initial T-virus outbreak in The Hive, the Umbrella Corporation sends in a research team to re-open the complex. The team is slaughtered by zombies. Lickers and the undead escape into the outside world. Umbrella establishes a security perimeter around Raccoon City. However, a little girl goes missing after the Umbrella car transporting her crashes. After surviving the Hive, Alice was recovered by Umbrella and experimented on. She now has superhuman strength, speed and agility. Waking up in an empty hospital, she wanders outside to find the city is a ghost town. She arms herself with a shotgun from a police car and starts walking. She is disturbed by a man who keeps showing up in visions, who was experimenting on her. While Umbrella is evacuating civilians at the last open bridge, police officer Jill Valentine  confers with Sergeant Peyton Wells . However, the T-virus infects a man having a heart attack, turning him into a zombie that bites Peyton. Umbrella supervisor Timothy Cain  seals the exit and orders his soldiers to fire over the crowd's heads, scaring them back into the city. Elsewhere, Carlos Olivera  and other Umbrella soldiers link up with Special Tactics And Rescue Squad  units to defend against an onslaught of zombies in the city. Their positions are overrun, causing Carlos and his team to retreat with a bitten Yuri , who turns into a zombie and infects Carlos before being killed. Jill, Peyton and a news reporter named Terri Morales  lock themselves in a church, which turns out to be full of Lickers; they are saved at the last minute by the heavily armed Alice. Umbrella dispatches their Nemesis program to kill all remaining STARS operatives, and plan to sanitize Raccoon City using a nuclear weapon. When Nemesis encounters a surviving citizen, L.J.  and members of STARS, they open fire. He guns the STARS down but spares L.J.'s life when he drops his weapons. Dr. Charles Ashford , an Umbrella scientist and creator of the T-virus, has refused extraction until he has located and rescued his daughter Angela , and soon figures out she is hiding out in her school dormitory after the car crash. He contacts Alice and the other survivors, and offers to arrange their evacuation in exchange for rescuing Angela. Alice is separated from the group when Nemesis appears and kills the zombified Peyton. Jill and Terri make it to the school, picking up L.J. on the way, and they encounter Carlos and Nicholai , acting on the same offer. After encounters with zombie dogs and infected children who kill Nicholai and Terri, Alice saves the group again and they find Angela. Angela reveals she was injected with the T-virus; Dr. Ashford created the T-virus to allow her to walk, but he also created the anti-virus because of the T-virus's potential for mutations. Alice reveals she was injected as well, but is not suffering mutations. She injects Carlos with the anti-virus to save him. Dr. Ashford gives Alice the location of the extraction point at City Hall, where the helicopter waits. The group makes it to the rendezvous, but are cornered by Major Cain, who has caught wind of Dr. Ashford's intentions and is holding him prisoner. All but Alice are restrained, and seconds later Nemesis appears. Major Cain commands Alice to fight Nemesis. Alice refuses, until Dr. Ashford is shot and killed. She relents and fights him, impaling him on a pole. Defeating Nemesis, she realizes he is Matt Addison. Her stand rekindles a trace of Nemesis's former humanity and they join forces and attack the Umbrella forces. Nemesis is killed, protecting Alice. She is hit with a propeller from a blown up helicopter and knocked out. Angela and Carlos go to her. Carlos helps her to a helicopter and they escape in it. Alice throws Major Cain out of the helicopter. He shoots a few infected people, but ultimately is overcome. The nuclear missile detonates over the center of Raccoon City, destroying it completely. The helicopter is caught in the blast wave and crashes. As the helicopter falls, a metal pole comes loose and is flung towards Angela. Alice moves in front of Angela and is impaled, saving her. Some hours after the explosion, Umbrella employees locate the helicopter's crash site, deep in the Arklay Mountains. There, they find Alice's body, badly burned. The others are nowhere to be found. Umbrella employees take her body. The media shows that Terri's footage has been shown to the press, saying that Umbrella released the zombies and the T-virus. Umbrella denies this, arguing that it is a hoax. Umbrella promotes a fake story about a nuclear power plant explosion near the city. The media announce that Jill and Carlos are wanted by the police for questioning. Three weeks later, in the midwest Umbrella research facility, Alice awakens. Led by Umbrella scientist Dr. Isaacs , the doctors begin questioning her. Soon she recalls events from Raccoon City and before. She realizes that the doctor who appeared in her visions is Dr. Isaacs. She attacks him, and fights her way out of the facility. She makes her way outside only to be surrounded by more Umbrella guards holding her at gunpoint. Suddenly, Jill, Carlos, Angela, and L.J. pull up, disguised as Umbrella employees. Carlos shows the guards a written order placing her in his custody. Alice enters the vehicle, and as they drive away, Angela asks her if she is all right. She doesn't respond, and Dr. Isaacs is shown saying, "Let them go," and then "Program Alice activated." A close-up of her eye shows a flashing Umbrella logo. The scene then pulls away from the car they are in and all the way out into space, where an Umbrella satellite is seen.