Mickey, Donald, and Goofy are assigned to clean a tall clock tower. Mickey is outside cleaning the face with a mop by riding on the second hand. Goofy is inside the building cleaning gear teeth with a large toothbrush. Donald  starts to mop the mainspring, ignoring several warning signs. He gets the mop caught and springs it loose. Meanwhile Mickey, now cleaning inside the clock, comes across a sleeping stork which he tries unsuccessfully to remove. Mickey is left hanging on a rope outside the tower. Back inside, Donald is getting the mainspring back into place with a mallet, but he struggles to get the very last piece in place. Donald gets furious at the spring and asks "What's the big idea?" The spring seems to respond with an echo of Donald's question. Donald gets into an argument with the spring, but it knocks him off. Donald get's his head stuck in a gear on the balance wheel shaft. When he finally is free from it, the oscillation makes his body continue to move. Now outside, Goofy (singing "[[Asleep in the Deep  is cleaning the outside bell. While he is cleaning the interior of the bell, it becomes 4:00 pm, causing two mechanical statues to come from inside the tower and ring the bell four times. The first figure, resembling Father Time, startles Goofy, but when he looks out he sees no one and continues cleaning. The second figure, representing Lady Liberty, rings the bell from the other side. After the third ring, Goofy is determined to be ready for the next time. He is ready to attack, but when he sees Lady Liberty, he chivalrously apologizes. But Goofy is standing between her torch and the bell, and gets a big knock to the head. This puts Goofy in a dizzy lovestruck stupor for the rest of the film. Mickey is alarmed when he sees Goofy almost fall and tries to save him. At each turn Mickey is just barely able to save Goofy. At last the two of them fly through a window, land on the mainspring which Donald has finally managed to put back together, then all three land in the same gear in which Donald was stuck earlier.