Richard Jacks  is a perfumer fed up working at a major fragrance company, where he is the butt of the joke with much of his fellow employees. His projects are failures and the feminist executive  is thinking of replacing him with a woman. After his great grandfather dies, Jacks attends the will reading and whilst everyone else receives houses, money and boats, Jacks receives a bunch of science notes, something he is far from happy with. He discovers that his ancestor was in fact Dr. Henry Jekyll. Jacks becomes fascinated about the duality of man and starts performing experiments to refine the formula that separates good and evil. Realizing that his ancestor's formula increased male aggression, Jacks decides to add more estrogen to the mixture in the hope that it will prove less dangerous. After a night of monitoring his vital stats after ingesting a formula he put together, he gives up and finally attends a job interview. Although everything appears fine at first, Jacks' voice soon changes, his nails grow and the hairs on his arms recede back under his skin. Jacks looks puzzled but then feels some strange feelings from his genitalia area and watches in horror as his penis deflates, transforming into a vagina. However, he is still in denial and only realizes what's happening when his hair grows and he develops breasts, all while still in the job interview. Horrified, he rushes to his workplace, where the changes begin to work on his face and mind. There, he looks into a bathroom mirror and realizes he is now female. Soon his feminine side takes over the personality. The new female alter-ego names herself Helen Hyde  and introduces herself as Jacks's beautiful new assistant. She quickly develops a personality independent of her creator  and at this point acts more like a protagonist and is actually quite likeable: she rewrites Jacks's reports, is kind to his secretary, and lovingly flirts with his superiors. Over the next few days she rewards herself with a shopping spree and eventually befriends Jacks' fiancee, Sarah , and has Sarah move out of Jack's apartment so she can have it for herself. Hyde is more than happy with her new life and identity up to this point, but soon after transforms back into Jacks. Jacks returns to work the next day, and, after several comments from his colleagues, realizes that Hyde was real but is unable to access any of her memories due to the fact they are now two separate people. Nonetheless, he feels invigorated and invites Sarah to his place for a romantic meal in order to make up for past transgressions. Everything appears to be going well until he realizes he is again transforming into Hyde, causing Sarah to flee. As it turns out, the instability of his grandfather's formula has caused his genes to become unstable, causing Hyde and Jacks to transform into each other without warning. Hyde becomes resentful at having to share a body with Jacks and starts taking advantage of her creator's absence by sleeping around the office in order to gain the upper hand - even going as far as to have sex with a homosexual man. Just when Hyde is about to have sex with Jacks' boss, she starts changing back into Jacks and hides herself in the toilet. Jacks then finds himself horrified by the situation he finds himself in and makes his escape via a nearby window; however, this does not prevent Hyde from becoming his superior at work, disfiguring his colleague , and stealing his ideas. As Hyde grows in influence and power, she sets her sights on displacing the CEO of the company, becoming the first woman ever to rise through the ranks. Jacks later tries to retaliate by subverting Hyde's authority, which causes her to declare war on her creator. Knowing no-one would believe him, Jacks desperately tries to record the transformation and handcuffs himself to the bed, only to be horrified as Sarah walks in and finds his closet to be full of lingerie. This leads Sarah to believe that he is having an affair with Hyde. It is only after Sarah leaves that Jacks transforms into Hyde once again. Angered at Jacks' attempt to expose the truth, Hyde proceeds to burn all of his grandfather's documents and warns Jacks via a video of her intentions to take over completely. He then realizes that he is actually starting to spend more time as Hyde than himself and that he has to come up with a plan before he disappears completely. Desperate, Jacks tries to humiliate Hyde in front of her superiors by stripping naked and writing obscenities all over his body in hopes that they will walk in on her after she takes over. But Hyde manages to outsmart him by delaying the change, causing his plan to backfire and himself to be fired from the company. He then turns to Sarah for help, but is rejected because of his supposed affair with Hyde. Just when it looks like Hyde is about to complete her quest for domination, Jacks finally manages to convince Sarah about his condition with the help of CCTV footage from the initial transformation. Sarah then agrees to help as Jacks comes up with a formula that would effectively destroy the Hyde part of himself, but he is forced to take it as Hyde within a certain time frame before Hyde's DNA can fuse forever. After he transforms into Hyde, Sarah's attempts to inject her with the formula but fails—injecting only about 20% of it, causing random body parts to spontaneous transform parts between male and female. A fire soon breaks out in the apartment and Hyde escapes. Hyde arrives at launch of the perfume that she "invented" , but realizes she is still wearing Jacks's clothes. An inebriated woman wearing a black dress then runs into her, and, after offering a sly comment on how fabulous the dress looks, Hyde proceeds to steal it. She then enters the party in full splendour and begins intermingling with the guests. However, the effects of the formula causes her to temporarily grow stubble and her breasts to disappear and reappear. Meanwhile, Sarah, who has snuck into the party, hides in the speech podiumbut is caught by a guard and sent out of the party.