Suraj Kapoor is a single, wealthy young man. One day he meets Shubangi, and they fall in love. Shortly thereafter they marry and settle down to enjoy a harmonious married life. During their stay at a hotel, the couple are approached by a man who claims that Shubangi is his wife and her real name is Madhu. Suraj and Shubangi are shocked and ask him to leave, which he does. Then the guy rings up Suraj one night and asks him to come to his room. When Suraj comes the guy tells him that he's name is Vishwanath. He shows suraj a video of his and Madhu's wedding. Shockingly, Madhu resembles Shubangi to the core. Even after watching the video, Suraj disbelieves him. On Shubangi's birthday while everyone is celebrating the party flashbacks of the time when Vishwanath used to abuse and torture his wife Madhu prove that indeed Shubangi was married to Vishwanath. After showing the flashback, Vishwanath kidnaps Shubangi and tries to see a mark in her body that'll prove that she's indeed Madhu.But Suraj comes just in time and accidentally pushes Vishwanath off a cliff. Suraj then leaves the city and returns back home along with Shubangi. One day Shubangi goes shopping and meets Vishwanath. He brings her father with him, who denies the fact that Shubangi is in fact Madhu. Frustrated Shubangi runs home and tells Suraj that Vishwanath is alive. Suraj leaves with his brother Ravi to tell the commissioner. While Shubangi is home alone she sees Vishwanath out the window,and gets a call from him. Suraj returns and then traces Vishwanath's call.Vishwanath surrenders himself because he wants to talk to Suraj. The police lets Vishwanath go. The following night Suraj overhears Shubangi talking on the phone with Vishwanath. After she's done talking, she admits that she's in fact Madhu. Madhu was fed up of Vishwanath's constant abuses and uphandedness. One day, Vishwanath and Madhu go for a trip. But their jeep meets with an accident and falls down a river. Vishwanath seemingly drowns and Madhu thinks he's dead. She goes to her father and tells him what happened. Madhu's father tells her that she's still young and has a life ahead of her. She should start living her life afresh with a new identity in a new place. That she does. She moves to India and changes her name to Shubangi so that no one can recognize her over there. After Shubangi finishes her story, Suraj tells her that he still loves her even after knowing who she really is. He hatches a plan to send Vishwanath to prison for the rest of his life. Suraj tells Shubangi to go to Vishwanath pretending to be Madhu. She does so and she tries to shoot Vishwanath, however, Vishwanath shoots Shubangi. It is revealed that the cartridges in the gun were actually fake. In the climax, Vishwanath reveals that he knew the cartridges were fake as he was being taken to the court. He overpowers the constables, grabbing one of their guns. Then he goes to Shubangi and tells her that he knew what she did. Saying so, he shoots himself.