One day in a school shortly before Christmas, a magician named Professor Hinkle is hired to perform for the pupils but fails to entertain them, so instead they go outside and build a snowman, who they name Frosty. However, Professor Hinkle's rabbit, Hocus Pocus, escapes from the building while wearing his owner's top hat, which the children decide to put on top of Frosty's head, and the magic from the hat successfully brings Frosty to life. This delights the students, but after seeing that the hat is actually magic, the agitated Hinkle wants it back, which the children refuse to provide him with. Antagonized by both the children's dislike of his magic performance and the fact that he may not be given his top hat back, Professor Hinkle makes it his main priority to snatch the hat back from Frosty. The children and their snowman gleefully parade through town, shocking passersby with Frosty's anthropomorphism, and they are very happy with him, but the temperature is rising and Frosty must leave for somewhere that is colder or else he will melt. Karen, a little girl who is especially attached to Frosty, suggests that the group bring him to the North Pole, but they are barred from boarding a train that will take him there due to their lack of tickets. So, Karen and Frosty sneak into the back of a train delivering frozen goods, but Hinkle has also secretly managed to hitch a ride on the train as well in hopes of stealing back his hat, but falls off and is knocked cold. Needing to put as much distance between themselves and Hinkle as possible, they continue on toward the North Pole, accompanied by Hocus, who has chosen to side with them rather than Hinkle. While Frosty is safe from melting, Karen on the other hand is freezing and Hocus gathers with a group of woodland creatures to build a fire for her. Frosty knows that it is best if Karen is brought home, and he and Hocus decide to enlist the help of Santa Claus to transport her there. Hocus leaves to search for Santa while Frosty decides to take Karen to a greenhouse for warmth, but Hinkle has since come to and wants the hat back. He blows out Karen's fire and starts to pick a fight with Frosty who dodges and weaves. Being too slow for Hinkle, Frosty sees no other choice but to put Karen on his back and do a belly flop down to the bottom of the hill where a greenhouse lies. Following Karen in to make sure she is safe proves to be a lethal move for Frosty however. Hinkle has followed them on foot down the hill back to the greenhouse, and huffing and puffing, slams the door on the twosome, locking them inside, saying `As soon as Frosty melts, the hat will be mine!' In the meantime, Hocus manages to bring Santa back to the greenhouse to return Karen home. But when they return to the greenhouse for Frosty and Karen, they find her sobbing over a puddle of water with Frosty's top hat lying nearby. To console Karen, Santa tells her that Frosty was made of Christmas snow and can never melt away and will be back just as before, as soon as a crisp December wind kisses it. But Karen is still inconsolable, so to prove his point, Santa opens the door and a cold, strong gale blows through the greenhouse, revives Frosty. Karen is just about to put his hat on when Hinkle still declares that it's his and he wants it back. Santa on the other hand threatens to never deliver another present in all his life if he dares to harm Frosty in any way. Santa tells Hinkle that even if he wants a CHANCE for a Christmas present this year, as an act of penance, he must write a hundred zillion times, promising to never try to hurt the snowman again. Then Santa tells Hinkle that he'll find a new hat in his stocking on Christmas morning. Now joyful, Hinkle runs off to fulfill this order. Soon after, Santa takes Karen on a sleigh ride home and brings Frosty back to the North Pole, keeping his promise that he'll be back again someday.