The Asphyx tells the story of rich scientist-philanthropist Sir Hugo Cunningham, who discovers an unexplainable blur on the negatives of photographs of dying men he has taken. He originally theorizes that this blur is the soul escaping just as the men die, but doubts linger. Later on, at a party, he is making a motion picture of his fiancée and son who are boating in a lake, and ends up filming their accidental deaths as well. At first, Cunningham does not realize that he has captured that same misshapen blur on the camera, but once he does, he makes the startling discovery that the blur was not moving away from the bodies of those who were dying, but rather towards them. After doing some research, the Doctor finds that the blur is actually an ancient Greek spirit known as an "Asphyx". According to legends, the spirit will appear only at the moment of a person's death to take them away to the Underworld. He hypothesizes that, if he can capture their asphyx, a person could become immortal so long as their asphyx is never released. After successfully capturing the asphyx of a dying guinea pig, the Doctor decides to attempt immortality by capturing his own. With the help of his adopted son, Giles, and an electric chair, he successfully imprisons his asphyx in a locked vault. Proud of his success, he insists that both Giles and his daughter, Christina, undergo the procedure. When Christina is killed during a failed attempt at capturing her asphyx, Sir Hugo becomes despondent and requests to have his own asphyx released. Giles agrees, so long as he is given immortality first. Unfortunately, it turns out that Giles's request for immortality was a deception and he instead sabotages the experiment, effectively committing suicide. Sir Hugo is thus left alone with no way of releasing his asphyx - it is sealed in a locked vault, the combination for which died with Giles. In the closing scene, Sir Hugo is shown in the present day, horribly disfigured and walking the streets alone .