Bugs tunnels through the Himalayan mountains, followed by Daffy. After a failed attempt by Daffy to go swimming in a frozen pond, the two realize that they are not at their intended destination, Palm Springs. For a change, Bugs has not missed his destination because of not taking "that left turn in Albequerque"; instead, Daffy chides him: "I told you we should have turned west at East St. Louis!" Bugs checks his map and works out they are in the, as he puts it, 'Hime-ay-lay-us'. Daffy irritably corrects him on the pronunciation, then realizes what Bugs has said and reacts angrily: "You four-legged Marco Polo! That's in Asia!" Sarcastically suggesting Bugs "study to be a snowshoe rabbit," Daffy gets back in the tunnel and heads for Perth Amboy (which, as revealed in [[Transylvania 6-5000 . But he misses a sign, which, in pseudo-Oriental writing, reads 'Beware of the Abominable Snow-man'. Daffy, whilst underground, crashes into said creature's foot. The Abominable Snowman , grabs Daffy, names him George , and gives him crippling hugs, believing Daffy is a rabbit, when actually he just tied his sweater round his head for warmth, with the sleeves on top. Daffy reveals this by angrily yelling his head off, and 'George' is punished for his 'deception' with spankings. However, Daffy imparts to him where he can find a real rabbit i.e. Bugs. As Bugs starts experiencing Hugo's overbearing love, Daffy sneaks away. Hugo sits on Bugs like a hen, so he 'doesn't feel rejected'. But Bugs tunnels out next to Daffy. His tunneling pushes Daffy to Hugo. Bugs tells Hugo that he now has a rabbit. Daffy and Hugo agree that a rabbit has long ears. But Bugs cleverly pulls his own ears down, and puts his fingers behind Daffy's head. Hugo begins petting Daffy, but then realizes: "Rabbits don't have feathers and bills!" Daffy points out the tunneling Bugs to Hugo, who chases him underground. Eager to see the incident's conclusion, Daffy follows. Later, in Palm Springs, a profusely sweating Hugo, and a disguised Bugs, discuss Hugo's failure to catch Bugs. When Daffy emerges from the hole, Bugs puts fake rabbit ears on him. Hugo again squeezes Daffy, but Daffy's discomfort is brief as Hugo melts, for he "really was a snowman!" as Bugs puts it. Daffy ends the cartoon by adding: "Abominable, that is!"