The Qin family is wealthy and Master Qin has three children: Qin Feng Xiao  and Feng Sheng  from his late wife, and a third son from his current wife. The second wife is always causing problems between Feng Xiao and Feng Sheng and their father. Feng Sheng leaves home to take the Imperial exams but is robbed and left for dead. He is rescued by a General who happens to pass by. In the meantime, the stepmother schemes to have Feng Xiao marry her cousin, a rich and powerful lord, while framing her fiance, Li Ru Long  for burglary and sending him to prison. Feng Xiao is a virtuous girl and refuses to break up her engagement with Ru Long. With her maid, Chun Lan , Feng Xiao disguises as a man to travel in hopes to find her brother. After many months of searching, the two cannot find Feng Sheng. The day of the Imperial exams approaches. At Chun Lan's suggestion, Feng Xiao takes the exams under her fiance's alias, Li Ru Long. If she wins first place and becomes an Imperial official, she hopes to have the power to free Li Ru Long. As fate would have it, Feng Xiao indeed places first in the exam. She is sent to meet the Emperor, who is pleased and orders her to marry the Princess.  At this time, Feng Sheng pays the would be Prince Consort Feng Xiao a visit. Feng Sheng is now renamed Qi Cai Sheng because he was adopted by the Prime Minister after his rescue. Feng Sheng/Qi Cai Sheng hears that the name of the future Prince Consort is Li Ru Long, whom he thinks may be the fiance of his sister Feng Xiao. Brother and sister come face to face and recognize one another. Each tells the other what has occurred. While they have not thought of a solution for Feng Xiao, an Imperial order arrives: Feng Xiao, alias Li Ru Long, is to get married at once to the Princess. Unable to refuse and to explain, Feng Xiao finds herself on the wedding night.  As the night progresses, a very confused Princess waits for her Prince Consort. At wit's end, Feng Xiao finally confesses to the Princess that she is actually a woman. Understandably, the Princess becomes furious. But after much dialogue, she agrees to forgive Feng Xiao and to help her. The next day, the two go to see the Emperor, who is so angry he orders Feng Xiao executed. But with the Princess' pleading and Feng Sheng's petition, the Emperor forgives Feng Xiao. The Minister comes up with a solution: release Li Ru Long and unite him with Feng Xiao, and marry the Princess to Feng Sheng.