When Adrien is released from an mental institution, her former doctor, Henry Thompson immediately tries to get her back on her feet by getting her a job at a country club on the East Coast, where she is introduced to the lifestyle of the snooty, rich "beautiful people". Brittany, a young woman who lives in the area, befriends Adrien and takes her under her wing, accepting her as part of a clique of wealthy teenagers.Brittany's group of friends make comments about how much Adrien looks like Brittany's older sister who had moved away. At first she enjoys being a close confidant of Brittany but Adrien soon begins to discover how twisted Brittany actually is when Matt Curtis, an object of Brittany's affection begins to show an interest in Adrien. Brittany sets out to get rid of Adrien, by stealing her file from Henry's office and discovers Adrien's past. Adrien's revelation of Brittany is much more disturbing, when she discovers that Brittany's older sister used to be "queen bee" of this circle of friends and that Brittany was often treated badly by her older sister. Brittany is furious that her best friend Kelly deceived her when she overhears her explaining the situation of her missing sister to Adrien. To keep her secret under wraps, she kills Kelly and later kills Henry, pinning the blame on Adrien. Her supervisor knew about Adrien's stay at the mental institution and readily believed Adrien to be the killer. With the help of Bobby, one of Brittany's friends, Adrien escapes the mental institution. Adrien heads back to the country club, where everyone is attending an end-of-summer party. Using the information that Kelly told her, and putting together some odds and ends Adrien realizes that Brittany had actually killed her own sister and faked her sister's moving away. Adrien shows up at the country club dressed as Brittany's older sister. Brittany sees who she believes to be her sister and starts to freak out. Brittany heads to the woods and unearths the body of her sister, just to prove that she is, in fact dead. Adrien confronts her, and is attacked by Brittany and just before she tries to murder her, verbally confesses why she killed her sister. Hearing the fight everyone gathers outside to witness that Brittany is insane and that she killed her sister. Adrien moves on and leaves the country club, and it is Brittany who ends up in the mental institution. The last scene shows Brittany using her beauty and womanly wiles on a male orderly, with the audience led to believe that she would more than likely escape the mental institution.