After a hard and busy day, thirteen commuters took the last trip of the Manila LRT Purple Line at nearly midnight. While on board the train in midnight, Jean  met her long lost ex-boyfriend Cesar , who according to him, they last saw each other since they were college. Jean introduced her son, Jimmy . As they were chanting, the passengers were further annoyed by a female deacon Lita  who preaches verses from the bible. As they traverse into an abandoned station, they saw that the gate were closed. Minutes crawled by. Annoyed, the passengers decided to find a telephone. As they find a telephone, someone pulls Martin up the balcony. When they found him, his heart is pulled out: Someone or something was lurking in the station, apparently a monster who eats human hearts. Another passenger, Lita, was swiped away by that someone. Alarmed the passengers make their way back to the train. In a worse turn of fate, that something appeared out of nowhere: it was a hideous and foul eyeless monster. It further killed many more. This monster, vigilant and strong-sensed, forgave no one as it hunt down the passengers, save for Steph, Don, Nina, Jimmy, Jean and Cesar, one by one. Nina was separated from the family members. She and her boyfriend Rocky  wandered in an old train and saw dead bodies . The monster appears behind Rocky and killed him. Nina escaped. Steph  and Don  escaped the train after their friends Jenny  and Rico  were killed by the monster. Steph and Don met with Jimmy, Jean and Caesar who were losing contact in the phone. The two friends went out to find an exit but they were also killed by the monster. After several desperate tries of finding an emergency exit, the remaining survivors Jean, Cesar and Jimmy, found an emergency exit. Shortly after climbing down from the station tower, Cesar pledges his still-living love for Jean. He urged Jimmy and Jean to run while he wards the monster off. After a long fight, Cesar, too, was killed. Authorities arrived immediately. The terrible truth was unveiled: The monster is the mutant son of their boss , and that the passengers on the last train every night are being set up to be the food of the monster, with any survivors being killed off by the police. Then, the film ends with the monster growling while Nina, Jean and Jimmy scream.