The film opens with the words "Closed Mondays", written in white against a black background, filling the screen. Using a pull back shot, the camera then shows the viewer that the words are part of a sign that reads: <div align"wikitable" border"text-align:center" | Aug 15–Oct 3- One Woman Show -Celia CrazelsnukOct 3–March 19- Usual Crap -Closed Mondays |}  It is night. A small art gallery stands with its door slightly ajar and the lights on. A bulbous-nosed man with thinning grey hair, holding a brown bottle and apparently drunk, wanders in. As he shuffles through the gallery, a small abstract sculpture is transformed, imitating the man behind his back before returning to its original shape without his noticing. The drunk male sees a picture of colorful musical notes that form a circle around a jagged shape resembling a red staircase. The picture moves to upbeat music for a moment and then returns to normal. Doubting his own eyes, the man looks again. The music begins to play, and a miniature man resembling the drunk skips down the stairs, stands on one of the circling musical notes, rides it for a while, then continues down the stairs to the bottom. The entire picture then becomes two abstract colored clay blobs that pulsate to the music. Suddenly the music stops and the drunk male is back in the gallery, where he makes a critical comment  and staggers away. The man sees a sculpture of a computer-like device with large lips and gauges for eyes. He laughs at the sculpture and flips a lever that starts it. The sculpture begins speaking rapidly and says it is a &#34;replica of the model 505 type P electro brain,&#34; claims to be far superior to its creators, and carries out its &#34;infinite mutation&#34; program. The computer begins to stutter as it tries to say it has a short circuit and an error before changing into a talking globe, a talking apple, a colorful bust of Albert Einstein, a television, and finally a hand with smaller hands at the end of each of the fingers before entirely melting down into a shapeless mass of clay. The drunk male walks away after making another comment , and is then frightened by some jungle animals reaching through a glassless window pane that turns out to be a harmless painting. Distressed, the drunk male walks on, where he sees a painting of a medieval woman kneeling on a castle floor. She holds a brush in her hand and a bucket is beside her. The drunk male asks her, &#34;Hey… wassa matter?&#34; She weeps and tells him, &#34;Oh, if my master could have seen more of the beauty in life… Here I am on my knees, doomed to wear this sorrowful face, scrubbing this cold stone floor forever and forever and forever…&#34; Then the painting returns to normal. The drunk male sees the still-open door and runs to get out of the gallery, but is stopped just before he gets there. He is a piece of statuary, and returns to his inanimate state before reaching the door.