The film starts with Graeme Obree  cycling into a wood preparing to hang himself; he has bipolar disorder. There is then a flashback to Obree's childhood, where he (played by [[Sean Brown  was physically attacked at school by other pupils, events which leave severe psychological scars. One day Obree is given a bicycle by his parents and we see Obree evading the bullies on his bike. The adult Obree is married with a child and while competing in local races runs a failing cycle shop and having to supplement his income as a courier. An ex-minister turned boatyard owner Baxter  befriends Obree, which results in Obree coming up with a daring idea - he's going to try and beat the hour record. This is unlikely as Obree has neither the funding nor the machine required to take on such a record. Obree is determined and constructs "Old Faithful", a revolutionary bicycle, designed by Obree for maximum efficiency, made up from scrap metal, and components from a washing machine. With help from his friend Malky McGovern , who becomes his manager, and against all odds, Obree makes an attempt on the world record in Norway and though he fails initially, he tries again the following morning and succeeds in beating it. However, his initial victory is short-lived, when his record is broken by Chris Boardman a week later, and the cycling sports authorities then rewrite the rules to try to make it impossible for Obree to win using his more experimental methods. It is shown that on the night Obree breaks the record he is severely depressed. This is exacerbated when Boardman breaks the record and when Obree is confronted and taunted by the four bullies who had victimised him years earlier at school. After winning the Individual Pursuit World Championship in 1993, the authorities change the rules just as Obree tries to defend his title and he crashes after being unable to adapt to a new riding position. This leads him to become more depressed to the point where he attempts suicide in the woods shown at the start of the film. However, the rope snaps and with the help of his wife Anne  and Baxter, Obree starts to receive help for his condition. It is then shown Obree comes back and regains his world title.