Julius Caesar is celebrating his victory over all of Gaul, but Lucius Detritus has kept from him the setback that one small village is holding out against the invaders. Detritus travels to the garrison near the village where Crismus Bonus, the garrison's commanding Centurion, explains that the Gauls have a magic potion brewed for them by their Druid which makes them invincible. Detritus decides he must capture the potion for himself, and hearing that the clever Asterix and permanently invincible Obelix are the backbone of the Gaulish forces, attempts to eliminate them, though his first attempt fails. A false soothsayer arrives at the village and predicts the arrival of Romans and treasure; despite Asterix's protestations, the village is taken in and, when a Roman tax collector arrives, they drive off his forces and take the gold. The "soothsayer" later drugs and hypnotises Asterix to create a diversion while he makes off with the tax money, but news of the theft reaches Caesar, who comes to the garrison himself, demanding the legion attack. He witnesses the defeat of his army and is taunted by Asterix and Obelix; he demands Detritus subdue the village or be fed to the lions. Detritus disguises himself and some men as Druids and kidnaps Panoramix  as he is attending a Druid conference. Asterix disguises Obelix as a legionary, and they enter the garrison to rescue the Druid, but are separated. Asterix joins Getafix in the dungeon, where the pair resist Detritus' demands to make the magic potion, until he tortures Idefix . Detritus uses the potion to throw Caesar into a cell , and takes command with an oblivious Obelix as his bodyguard. Eventually Obelix helps Asterix, Getafix and Dogmatix to escape, and they also bring the prisoner in the mask. Caesar makes a deal with the Gauls to help him defeat Detritus, who mounts an all-out attack on the villagers using his own magic potion. To defeat him, Panoramix brews a special version of the potion using a rare ingredient which creates dozens of duplicates of Asterix and Obelix. Caesar is returned to power, and he grants the village its freedom.  *It is revealed early in the film that the magic potion used by the Gauls only lasts for ten minutes. Such a short time limit is not implied in the original books, where appearances seem to suggest that the potion's effects can last for several hours, such as disguised legionary Caligula Minus holding a rock up for several hours in Asterix the Gaul or crooked adviser Codfix retaining superhuman strength until well into the daytime after drinking a ladelful of potion at night in Asterix and the Great Divide. *In the books Geriatrix is 100% devoted to his wife, who doesn't appear to care much for his actions. In the movie she strongly cares about him and worries every times he wants to join in for a fight, while he ignores her wishes to stay in the house and acts cranky to her. *In the book Asterix and the Roman Agent, a character named Detritus  was an agent of Caesar who was a master of manipulating people. In the movie Detritus is a Roman Centurion whose personality appears to be more based on Crismus Bonus from Asterix the Gaul or Felonius Caucus from the book Asterix and the Big Fight *Getafix's grandfather, who appears in the movie, is a completely new character, not mentioned in any of the books. *In the books, Obelix's affection for Panacea was mostly over the top comedic and he never appears to say a single word when she was around. In the movie, however, the romance is played for dramatic effect and is taken much more seriously. *Prolix's two henchmen are new characters, not seen in the books. *Dogmatix appears to be Asterix's dog in the movie, not Obelix's.