On the last day of 8th grade, Julie Corky  has a slumber party. One of the girls she has invited, Staci Blake , declines, saying she is going to the high school dance with her boyfriend Todd . Julie is worried about how she will fit in during high school. She is concerned she will not be popular enough to sit at The Fountain, the cool lunch spot. These worries are increased due to the fact that her best friend Hannah , is moving to Vancouver. At school, Julie, Hannah and their friend Farrah  witness Staci's friend Liz  bullying Yancy , a girl their age who is somewhat overweight. Julie feels sorry for Yancy, and as a result invites her to her sleepover. While leaving school Julie, Hannah, Farrah and Yancy are bombarded by Russell "SpongeBob" Yates  and his posse of skateboard pals Lance  and Miles . SpongeBob tries to show Julie a picture of him in a coma, but she shows no interest. That night, Todd tells Staci they are skipping the dance. Instead, Todd drives Staci to a deserted location and makes continuous passes at her which she refuses, ultimately getting her left by Todd who drives off without her. After being dumped by Todd, Staci goes to Julie's house and challenges the girls to a scavenger hunt. The winning team gets to sit at The Fountain and the losing team has to sit by the dumpsters. Julie is reluctant to accept, but Hannah does so despite Julie's unease. Liz e-mails the scavenger hunt list to Julie which includes dressing a window mannequin at Old Navy in your own clothes, have a guy from DatesSafe.com buy you a drink at the Cosmo Club, stealing a decal off of a PatrolTech Security car and, to Julie's horror, borrowing a pair of boxer shorts from her crush Steve Phillips . With her mom  out with a friend and her dad  occupied with fixing their house's water filter, Julie and the girls sneak out. Ren , Julie's older college-dropout brother agrees to cover for them. Immediately following the girls' departure, SpongeBob, Lance and Miles skateboard to the house and climb up through an upstairs window that turns out to be Ren's "former" room. Declaring it to be the "wrong room", Ren points them to Julie's room. Aided by Ren, the boys manage to avoid detection from Mr. Corky. They then notice the scavenger hunt list on Julie's computer and print off their own sheet, deciding to join the hunt themselves. With the help of Nancy's dad's Nissan Hypermini, the girls make it to Old Navy. But Staci and Liz's team have already been there to dress their mannequins and lock the window display. The girls are forced to dress male mannequins and are caught in the act by Officer Sherman , but escape by locking him in the display with one of the mannequin arms. They arrive at the Cosmo Club but are not let in by the guard, no thanks to SpongeBob who suddenly shows up. Julie and Hannah sneak in by hiding in an empty drum case while Nancy and Farrah wait outside. A guy walks over and, seeing Yancy sitting alone, offers to sneak her in. She declines before asking why he is talking to her, because usually guys only ask her to hold the door. He introduces himself as Peter , and says he would never ask her to hold the door for him. With Julie disguised as "June", her profile from the dating website, she suddenly discovers that her blind date is actually her English teacher Mr. Corrado . He doesn't recognize her at first. But when he does he expresses understanding, admitting that he went to the same high school as Julie but never got to sit by The Fountain. Mr. Corrado buys Julie a ginger ale, Hannah takes a picture of it and they leave but not before Julie spots her mother dancing on one of the tables. She drops her scarf as they rush out, which Gabby picks up. Recognizing it as hers, Gabby phones her house wanting to talk to Julie. Miraculously, Julie skateboards home just in time to answer the phone. En route, Steve and his friend Gregg ([[Douglas Smith  spot her, which ignites curiosity as to who she is. At the house, Ren encourages Julie to "go be a teenager" because "it ends too soon". After arriving at Steve's house, the Hypermini needs charging. Hannah says they will find a plug while Julie goes and gets the boxers. Cautiously, Julie enters the house and is seen by Staci and Liz, who only broke into Steve's car to get his shorts from an overnight bag. Humorously, Liz calls PatrolTech Security claiming to see a "suspicious person". Inside, Steve is looking through old yearbooks trying to find pictures of Julie, but puts them down to get ready for the dance. Julie hides in the shower as Steve comes into the bathroom, turning the shower on and undressing in front of Julie. Outside, the Hypermini crashes into Officer Sherman's patrol car, causing Steve and Gregg to look out the window and giving Julie the opportunity to flee, grabbing the boxers as she goes. Julie is stopped by Officer Sherman, but SpongeBob comes to her rescue. Julie takes the decal off the PatrolTech cruiser and then everyone makes a dash for the high school parking lot. Having stopped for drinks, Staci and Liz barely make it to the parking lot in time. Staci suggests a tie breaker, which Julie and Hannah reluctantly accept. The first team to get the king or queen's crown at the dance will win. Inside the dance, SpongeBob asks Farrah if they won. She tells them they just have to get the crown first. SpongeBob pencils in "get crown" to his list. Right before the dancing contest, Todd is spotted kissing a girl. Staci confronts them, which turns into a cat fight that she loses. Belittled, SpongeBob sticks up for Staci. To everyone's surprise Staci enters the dance contest with SpongeBob, who is confident in his ability as a dancer. During the contest, Spongebob's list falls out of his pocket and is picked up by Steve who reads it. Gregg then points Julie out to him on the dance floor. Staci and SpongeBob win the dance and get their picture taken. SpongeBob exitedly shows Staci his coma picture, but states that the photo of them winning is way cooler. Farrah accidentally lets slip to Yancy that Staci was originally the third guest, not her. She is sad, but bounces back quickly after Peter turns up and dedicates a song to her. Steve is named King and chooses a shocked Julie as his dance partner. During the dance, Steve takes his crown off his head and places it on Julie's telling her "you win", gaining victory for Julie and her friends. Outside, Steve reveals how he knew about the scavenger hunt. They are about to kiss when Julie gets a call from Ren telling them to hurry home because their mom is coming back. Julie leaves a disappointed Steve in front of The Fountain. The girls make it home just in time to pretend being asleep as Mr. and Mrs. Corky check on them. But Julie loses her crown in the process. It is revealed that Mr. Corky knows about his wife's clubbing and doesn't mind it at all, knowing that everyone needs a night out now and then. The next morning at breakfast, Julie's mom confronts her asking "exactly" what they did last night. Julie admits they left the house, but for a very important adolescent cause. Surprisingly, Mrs. Corky is not mad but confesses it is difficult to believe how fast Julie is growing up. After her friends leave, Julie goes back to her room where she notices her dented crown outside her window. As she reaches for it, Steve comes into view and places the crown on her head again. They then kiss passionately. The film ends with a scene of Staci and Liz, now in high school, eating their lunch by the school dumpsters among the trash and the social rejects.