The children live in the Bleak Hill boarding school, where they are yelled at, punished, and browbeaten by the ghastly old headmistress. The day begins with the headmistress waking the boys up and telling them to get their chores done or they will get a beating and nothing to eat. In school, however, they are taught by the headmistress's husband, the gentle and lovable Old Cap, who runs the school in an informal manner. Cap wants to do something nice for the children, since their school meals usually consist of mush and milk. Just as the headmistress leaves the boys' sleeping quarters Old Cap comes in to say hi to them. At that time, he promises that when he gets his back pension they will all leave that place and live well with tons of presents for the children. After the boys are up the headmistress tells the boys to milk the cow and that they will be thrashed if they spill any. They spill the milk and use plaster of paris to substitute the milk. They warn the other classmates, by passing a message at the breakfast table. Stymie warns his neighbor to not drink the milk. This message is passed in this manner around all the breakfast tables. Then Spanky innocently warns the headmistress to not drink the milk, who in turn, scolds the children and demands that milk be put on their oatmeal without issue and eaten immediately. This results in the forming of a hardened plaster mix in their bowls, and leaves them banging their spoons against the "spoiled" mush and milk, in a futile attempt to do as they are told.  Then after an amusing class session of foolish answers, Cap allows them an impromptu talent show. The kids do a dance, Spanky speaks a poem, Stymie plays a harmonica, and Tommy belts out a scowling rendition of "Just Friends ", replete with adult-oriented lyrics. During class, the phone rings and is answered by Spanky. The call is from Mr. Brown at the bank and the two engage in one of the funniest scenes in the series. Then the phone call brings news that Cap's back pension has finally arrived. Ecstatic, Cap treats the children to toys, a day at an amusement pier, and a meal at a fancy restaurant. They decide to order an exotic-sounding French dessert, which turns out to be mush and milk, which is thrown at the waiter. {{clear}}