A little girl named Nancy is playing house, and pretending to be the mother and has also dressed Tom, apparently the family pet, up to be her pet kitten. She is scolding Tom, who is hiding under some furniture. She drags Tom out by his tail and threatens to spank him. Tom is resentful over his treatment and feels humiliated. She carries him to the bassinet, tucks him in, and shoves a bottle of milk in his mouth. She warns him, under threat of more spanking, to stay in bed while she goes downtown to buy a new girdle. Indignant at first, Tom gets a taste of milk and quickly accepts his lot, cooing like a baby and drinking from his baby bottle. Jerry peeks from behind a doll house and sees Tom. Incredulous at first, Jerry proceeds to mock him by playing "Rock-a-bye Baby" on the turntable and pretends to be a baby himself. Tom is furious and chases Jerry into the dollhouse. Just when it seems that Tom has Jerry cornered, Nancy returns and scolds Tom again. Tucking Tom back in bed, Nancy threatens to feed him castor oil if he gets out again. Tom goes back to his role playing. Jerry emerges from the doll house and runs to the window to get the attention of Meathead , Butch and Topsy, Tom's three alley cat friends who are outside. When the trio see Tom, they begin to make fun of him. When Tom confronts the other cats, they continue to tease and humiliate him, tossing him like a ball causing him to land in a fish bowl resulting in a wet diaper then they capture him and change his dirty diaper with oil, water, and powder. The three cats, now joined by Jerry, are so caught up in their abuse of Tom, to the tune of Carmen Miranda's "Mama Yo Quiero," that they are startled when Nancy returns and demands to know what is going on. They flee as Nancy prepares to scold Tom. Nancy then takes Tom to the highchair with a little help from Jerry. He squeezes the nutcracker and Tom screams and yells in pain as she feeds him a huge spoonful of castor oil. A sickened Tom rushes to the windowsill to vomit. Jerry laughs at Tom's misfortune, but he ends up accidentally taking a dose of castor oil himself and soon joins Tom at the windowsill.