In 1882, Irish dream chaser Patrick "Patsy" O'Brien ([[Arthur Sinclair  and his daughter Kathy  have failed to strike it rich in the diamond mines of Kimberley, South Africa. They persuade a reluctant Allan Quatermain  to give them a lift to the coast in his wagon. Along the way, they encounter another wagon carrying two men in bad shape. Umbopa  recovers, but Silvestra  dies after boasting to Quatermain that he has found the way to the fabled mines of Solomon. Patsy finds the dead man's map. He sneaks off during the night, unwilling to risk his daughter's life. Kathy is unable to persuade Quatermain to follow him. Instead, they rendezvous with Quatermain's new clients, Sir Henry Curtis ([[John Loder  and retired navy Commander Good , out for a bit of big game hunting. Kathy steals Quatermain's wagon to go after her father. When they catch up with her, she refuses to go back with them, so they and Umbopa accompany her across the desert and over the mountains, as shown on the map. During the arduous trek, Curtis and Kathy fall in love. On the other side of the mountains, they are surrounded by unfriendly natives and taken to the kraal of their chief, Twala ([[Robert Adams , to be questioned. Twala takes them to see the entrance of the mines, guarded by the feared witch doctor Gagool . That night, Umbopa reveals that he is the son of the former chief, who was treacherously killed by the usurper Twala. He meets with dissidents, led by Infadoos , who are fed up with Twala's cruel reign. Together, they plot an uprising for the next day, during the ceremony of the "smelling out of the evildoers". However, Umbopa needs Quatermain to come up with something that will counter  the magic of Gagool. During the rite, Gagool chooses several natives, who are killed on the spot. Good notices in his diary that there will be a total solar eclipse that day. The quick-thinking Quatermain predicts it as Gagool approaches Umbopa. Umbopa reveals his true identity to the people during the height of the eclipse and the rebellion erupts. Both sides gather their forces; during the ensuing battle, Curtis kills Twala, ending the civil war. In the fighting, Kathy slips away to the mine to look for her father. She finds him inside, immobilized by a broken leg, but clutching a pouch full of diamonds. It is then learned that the mine is also cojoined with a volcano. Quatermain, Curtis and Good follow her, but Gagool sets off a rockfall to seal them in. Umbopa pursues Gagool back into the mine, where the witch doctor is crushed by falling rocks. The new chief manages to free his friends and gives them an escort to help them cross the desert.