{{Plot}} The cartoon opens on a golf course. As the camera pans across the course, we see Tom trying to hit a ball out of a giant divot, and finally hits the ball out on his 50th attempt. When Tom takes the flag out of the hole, the ball promptly drops itself in...and quickly bounces out. Tom is surprised by this, and lifts the green, rolling the ball into the hole. When the ball is thrown out again, he putts. After it is thrown out again, the cat shoves the ball into the hole and pounds the end of his club in after it, and the ball promptly whacks into the cat's eye. It is then revealed that Jerry lives in the hole on the golf course, and he was the one throwing the ball out. Jerry looks at Tom and draws an eyeball on the golf ball, which enrages the cat and causes him to swing at the mouse; his club misses and wraps around Tom's own neck. Jerry escapes temporarily, but is caught when Tom hits his golf ball onto Jerry's head, knocking him silly. The next scene shows that Jerry is being used as a tee and Tom places a ball on his head. Tom then readies his shot, which cuts out a huge divot while Jerry simply held onto Tom's club and the ball. Tom looks far off into the distance to see where his ball is, but Jerry whistles and holds up the ball. Tom then puts Jerry through the ball cleaner, and the mouse responds by spitting soapy water in Tom's face. Jerry is then forced into holding the tee with the ball on it; Tom hits the ball and poses with his teeth showing, which proves to be a mistake when the ball hits a huge boulder and bounces directly back the way it came, and it shatters all his teeth above and all his teeth beneath. In the next scene, Tom's ball is in front of two skinny, long trees. Tom cannot stand behind his ball to hit it, so he is forced to split the trees to hit his ball. The trees smash his head, apparently decapitating him, and Tom's body walks around and stands directly under it, somehow reattaching the head to the body. The ball ends up in a tree and triggers a "slot machine" display on the trunk. Three lemons appear on the reels, so Tom peeks inside the trunk, and an avalanche of golf balls comes out of the tree, tripping the cat. Annoyed at this, Tom returns to his game, but Jerry has replaced his ball with a woodpecker egg. After Tom hits the egg, the egg hatches and the bird comes back to peck on Tom's head, pecking out the blade of the golf club such that the head lands on Tom's head. Tom tries to hit another ball, but Jerry has hollowed it out such that it goes nowhere. Tom then places the shell on the chuckling Jerry's head and swings at the ball-mouse, which lands right next to the hole. Jerry, with the ball still on his head, dizzily prances around the hole, and Tom pokes him in after making sure that nobody is looking. Tom then takes out his scorecard and tries to figure out his score for the hole. He writes down 3 in his card , but Jerry scolds him and Tom writes 33 instead. When Tom tees off on the next hole, Jerry ties the club to Tom's tail; Tom ends up flying into the hole, leaving only his head exposed. Jerry sets up a putt and hits the ball toward Tom's mouth, then whacks the cat on the head, forcing Tom to scream in pain and swallow the ball. Jerry runs away and the incensed cat emerges from the hole, but continually runs into his own clubs. Tom then swings a ball toward Jerry with some English on it, which scoops up the mouse and brings him back to Tom. Tom swings, which sends a tiny divot with ball and mouse through the air. Jerry uses the divot like a B-52 and drops the golf ball towards Tom like a bomb. Tom digs a trench to protect himself, but the ball opens to reveal a smaller black ball, which explodes. Meanwhile, Jerry's divot crashes into a tree which Tom pokes at with the club; in response, the mouse grabs the club and pokes back. Tom then climbs into the tree and Jerry spanks the cat with the club, which causes the cat to peek out at the other end of the tree where a beehive is hanging. The bumblebees swarm around Tom's head, and he slowly realizes the situation, dives into and out of the tree, and hides in a bush. Jerry, not to be denied the pleasure of humiliating the cat, runs the bush over with a lawn mower revealing Tom shaved like a French Poodle. The bumblebees then chase Tom over a lake hazard, where a stick of bamboo is seen; Tom hides under the water and is using the stick of bamboo like a snorkel, so he can hide underwater where the bumblebees cannot reach him. Jerry then whistles to get the bumblebees' attention, turns a '150 yds.' sign around to say Guess Who? and points it at the bamboo stalk. The queen bee looks through the bamboo stick to see Tom, who spits water in her face. Enraged,the queen leads the swarm on a bombing run down the stick. Jerry then places a funnel on top of the bumblebees to assist them in dive-bombing through the stick and into Tom's mouth. The water is shown for a few seconds, with a drum roll playing, and then all the water flies into the sky for a moment. Tom jumps out and lets out a frightening and loud scream. Jerry then takes a driver and hits a long drive, which hits Tom square on the head from a far distance, knocking him out. Repeated in Mouse Cleaning.