Dr. Anand is a respected young doctor in a hospital. He has been suffering in his personal life ever since his girlfriend Seema died. On a dark stormy night, Anand is on his way back home when he meets a white sari clad girl in distress. He offers assistance to her, giving her a lift in his car. She accepts his assistance and introduces herself as Sandhya. As soon as she steps in the car, the wipers eerily stop working. He's even more spooked when the lady shows him the way when it isn't visible and guides him outside a cemetery. En-route he notices her hand is bleeding, when asked, she tells him Mujhe khoon achcha lagtaa hai . Sandhya disappears inexplicably and after few minutes, a distraught father stops his car begging him to save his daughter's life. He follows the man and comes to an old dilapidated mansion, but unfortunately the girl in question is already dead. He is surprised to see that the girl is Sandhya. When he goes back, he encounters some policemen who tell him that the place is deserted for a while and that rumours are that the place is haunted. The policemen inform him that what he saw in the mansion was exactly what happened years ago and that the haunting started after her death. Shaken and intrigued by this incident, Anand decides to investigate further. He finds that Sandhya is as interested in him as he is in her: Sandhya can appear to him at will. Later his mother arranges his marriage and to his shock his bride-to-be is none other than Sandhya. He begins to see Sandhya everywhere, while others claim that she was with them the whole time. Sandhya gives him contradictory treatment every time they meet, and Anand decides to solve this mystery. Though his well wishers believe that something is wrong with him, luck smiles on him one day. Anand manages to follow Sandhya undetected into a secret lair. There, he is shocked to see Sandhya, the "distraught father" and the "policemen" he encountered earlier in the film. He realizes that the conspiracy is larger than he thought. He sneaks into another room, only to get another surprise: Sandhya is kept prisoner there. He is also surprised to see Ramesh there with the fraudsters. He realizes that Ramesh is trying to usurp all the estate by proving him to be mentally unstable. He confronts all of them, which results in a fight. Anand is also shocked to learn that Ramesh killed Seema for his purposes. Ramesh did all this planning for other purpose too: a treasure is hidden somewhere in the mansion. In a scuffle that follows, Ramesh accidentally guns down fake Sandhya. The real Sandhya explains that she had a twin sister who went missing as a child. She grew up to be an evil conwoman whom Ramesh used for his purposes. Based on the facts, Ramesh is arrested. With the episode behind them, Anand and Sandhya are able to start their marital relationship on a good note.