Sid  is a chef, as well as a MI-5 secret agent. Not even his wife or son knows his true identity. While at his real job, his family get kidnapped at home. By the time Sid gets back home, he notices this, and investigates who could have done it. There he finds a CD, which witnesses his family on gun-point by Kabir , an ex Indian Intelligence officer. He is doing this because he wants Sid to kill the Prime minister, Gayatri Devi, since she didn't help Kabir at all while he was in prison in Pakistan. Sid does exactly how he is told, therefore Kabir asks him to meet him at an old-horse bet counter where he has kept his wife and child. His wife, Richa , uses her phone  to dial a random number for help, and she accidentally rings Sandy . Richa tells Sandy everything, and he agrees to help her. He goes to find her, and rescue her, and as he finds he needs backup, he rings his girlfriend Sanjana . By the time Sandy rescues her son, Bobby, and Richa, Sid has already reached the hotel, the place of the soon-to-be murder of the Prime Minister. There Kabir is being helped by Rohan , a rogue MI5 officer in the assassination attempt. Richa comes with Sandy to meet Sid. But She is forcibly taken by Rohan to the room from where Sid has to be use a sniper rifle to do the murder. Sandy hides in the bathroom, where he overhears that this plot is the brainchild of Raj, the Prime Minister's son and the Deputy Chief of her party. He is doing this to become the PM while also using the potential sympathy votes of her murder to win the next elections. Sandy gets captured by Kabir's men but escapes and runs to the room where Rohan is holding Richa and Sid. Right when Sid nearly pulls the trigger, Sandy jumps in, stops Sid, and then runs after Kabir who is already doing a runner. Sid fights Rohan, and Rohan ends up with a bullet through his heart. Sandy and Kabir have a brawl in the basement, with Kabir ending up on the ground floor with a chandler on top of him. At the end, Sandy is given an award from the Prime Minister, and he gets married to Sanjana, while Richa and Sid live a happy life with their school-going son, Bobby.