In 1784, shortly after the United States wins its independence, American Peter Standish  arrives in England to marry his cousin. Upon hearing of a Frenchman crossing the English Channel in a balloon, Peter regrets that he will not be able to see the marvels the future has in store. In 1933, his descendent, also named Peter Standish , unexpectedly inherits a house in Berkeley Square, London. He becomes increasingly obsessed with his ancestor's diary, causing his fiancée Marjorie Frant  great concern. When they have tea with the American ambassador , Peter confides to the diplomat with eager anticipation his conviction that he will be transported back 149 years at 5:30 that day. He rushes home, and just as he opens the door, he is indeed back in 1784, taking the place of the earlier Peter Standish just as he arrives at the house, then owned by his relations, the Pettigrews. Lady Ann , and her grown offspring, Tom , Kate ([[Valerie Taylor  and Helen  are there to greet him. The Pettigrews, being in deep financial straits, are anxious for Kate to marry the wealthy American. Peter is determined not to alter the future he has read about, until he sees Helen for the first time. He tries to fight his attraction to her, but ultimately fails. Helen, meanwhile, is being pressed by her mother to marry Mr. Throstle , but has determined, even before Peter's arrival, not to comply. As time goes on, Peter keeps inadvertently giving offense with his unfamiliarity with 18th century customs. People also begin to fear him, as he blunders and speaks of things which have not yet taken place. When he commissions Sir Joshua Reynolds to paint his portrait, he praises another Reynolds work, one the painter has only just begun. Kate becomes convinced that Peter is demonically possessed and breaks their engagement. Helen, however, falls in love with him. Helen eventually presses Peter for an explanation he has only hinted at. Though he refuses to speak, she somehow has visions of Peter's modern world and guesses the truth. Knowing he has become disillusioned and desperately unhappy with the day-to-day realities of her era , she urges him to return to his own time. He wants to stay with her regardless of the consequences, but in the end does go back to 1933. There, he visits Helen's grave and learns that she died soon after in 1787 at the age of 23. When Marjorie comes to see him, worried about his sanity, Peter realizes his ancestor had switched places with him. He makes it clear that he no longer intends to marry. After Marjorie leaves, he is comforted by Helen's conviction that they will be together, "not in my time, nor in yours, but in God's".