Melville A. "Ironpants" Goodwin  is a much-decorated U.S. Army major general who has just been appointed chairman of the Joint Atomic International Commission by the President of the United States. This is upsetting to wealthy Dorothy "Dottie" Peale, a media mogul who wanted a close friend of her father's to get the position. Dottie is accustomed to getting her way and decides to do something about it. She gets the Army to send General Goodwin to her estate on Long Island for a lengthy interview and photo session for one of her popular Peale Enterprises publications. Her plot is to ruin Goodwin's reputation as a squeaky-clean, red-blooded American. Dottie hides a tape recorder in her home, and assigns a photographer to catch Goodwin in compromising situations. Having heard rumors that he is secretly a ladies man, she also hopes to get the general to disclose something scandalous. Every attempt to catch Goodwin off guard or make him appear a fool fails. Drastic measures are called for, what Dottie terms as "night maneuvers." She takes the general to a nightclub, tries to get him drunk, coaxing him to sing and dance in a vain attempt to humiliate him. Nothing works. A little tipsy herself, Dottie falls off a diving board of her swimming pool at home. Goodwin rescues her, leading to a night of romance. Dottie's attitude is changed. She plans to marry Goodwin and maybe even help him become President of the United States, which would make her First Lady. To her surprise, the general has no plans to continue this romance. He tells her about a love affair with a woman named Yvette to whom he revealed top-secret information during the Korean War. When he found out Yvette was an enemy spy, he had to have her shot. A rejected Dottie goes back to her original plan to ruin him. Her magazine's story, "Blabbermouth Goodwin," results in a Senate inquiry into his behavior. Unfortunately for the general, his activity in the Yvette spy case is still top secret, and he is forbidden to discuss it. Questioned by hostile Senator Burdick  about another girl in the story, Goodwin reveals she was not a grown woman but a seven-year-old orphan. He has explanations for everything else and his conduct has been exemplary at all times. Dottie feels ashamed of her role in this and confirms on the stand his assertion that the article was filled with exaggerations and lies. Yet she cannot say the same about the matter of Yvette. Goodwin is unable to get permission to speak about her through the usual channels; in desperation, he sends Colonel Homer Gooch  to see the President. Finally, the spy case is declassified. He testifies that the Army knew that Yvette was a spy. When he was informed, he decided to break off the affair, but was ordered to feed her false information in advance of an important counterattack. After he is cleared, he drags a not-unwilling Dottie into a waiting car.