The inhabitants of the isolated Scottish island of Todday in the Outer Hebrides are largely unaffected by wartime rationing...that is until the supply of whisky runs out in 1943. Then gloom descends on the disconsolate natives. In the midst of this catastrophe, English Sergeant Odd  returns on leave to court Peggy , daughter of storekeeper Joseph Macroon . Meanwhile, Macroon's other daughter, Catriona , has just got engaged to meek schoolteacher George Campbell ([[Gordon Jackson , though his stern, domineering mother  refuses to give her approval. Things take an unexpected turn for the better when the freighter S.S. Cabinet Minister runs aground in heavy fog late one night and begins to sink. The Biffer  and Sammy MacCodrun  row out to investigate and are ecstatic to learn from its departing crew that the cargo consists of 50,000 cases of whisky. Captain Paul Waggett , the stuffy English commander of the local Home Guard, orders Odd to guard the cargo, but Macroon casually remarks that, by longstanding custom, a man cannot marry without hosting a party in which whisky must be served. Taking the hint, the sergeant allows himself to be "overpowered", and the locals manage to offload many cases before the ship goes down. MacCodrun persuades Campbell to participate, though he had been sent to his room by his mother for a prior transgression. This proves fortunate, as Campbell rescues the Biffer when he is trapped in the sinking freighter. The whisky also fortifies teetotaller Campbell's courage enough so he can stand up to his mother regarding Catriona. A battle of wits ensues between Waggett, who wants to confiscate the salvaged cargo, and the wily islanders. Waggett brings in Macroon's old government nemesis, Mr. Farquharson , and his men to search for the whisky, but the forewarned islanders manage to hide the bottles in various ingenious places, including ammunition cases which Waggett ships off-island. When this is discovered, Waggett is recalled to the mainland to explain himself, leaving the Scots triumphant.