Hari and Vikram  are brothers of the head of Mayur group of industries. Hari is a registered pilot and elder of the two brothers. Hari's father had promised his business partner that Hari will be married to the latter's daughter. Hari tries to resist the marriage but receives clear signals that his father won't budge. Once during a test flight, while Hari is flying solo, he fakes an accident that leads everyone to believe he died. In reality, Hari survives. When he finally comes to the shore, he is in Mumbai. He meets a poor girl  and the two fall in love. They get married and start their own family. Tragedy strikes when their house gets accidentally burnt and Hari and his wife die in the fire. Their son Nandu  is brought up by his aunt and Hari's sister-in-law, Bijuriya . When Hari's son is 8 years old, Vikram comes to Mumbai. Vikram was never satisfied by the story that his brother died in a plane crash. After years of investigating, Vikram correctly predicts that his brother survived and most probably landed in India. He learns that Hari is dead, but his son is alive. Vikram believes that as Hari's son  is the next generation of Mayur industries, he should be taken back with him. Bijuriya, who is a bar dancer, objects to this. Vikram and Bijuriya have not met yet. Vikram does not even know who has brought his nephew up. Bijuriya knows that if Vikram goes to court, she will lose Nandu forever. Bijuriya pretends to be Princes Sonali, a royal family member to who was Vikram's nephew's guardian. Vikram falls for her charade and slowly falls in love with her. But one day, her truth is exposed to him. Vikram decides to take his nephew back with him immediately. The nephew, who detests his newfound uncle and adores his aunt like a mother figure, protests this, but Vikram remains adamant. Bijuriya forces Nandu to go with Vikram; she decides to sleep with a goon who had her eyes on her, just to fight for the child one last time. When Vikram learns about this, he comes to the goon's hideout just before he is about to rape Bijuriya. Vikram overpowers the goon and saves Bijuriya. He is convinced that Bijuriya will be the best parent for his nephew. Vikram marries Bijuriya and takes her and his nephew back with him.