Dr. Maxford  is thoroughly exasperated; he is supposed to announce on nationwide radio the winners of a contest to pick a new slogan for his Maxford House Coffee, with a first prize of $25,000, but his jury is deadlocked by one stubborn man, Mr. Bildocker . As a result, the program ends without an announcement. One of millions of contestants, office worker Jimmy MacDonald  dreams of winning, hoping to validate his faith in himself, provide some luxuries for his mother , and marry his girlfriend Betty Casey . Betty, however, does not understand his slogan: "If you can't sleep at night, it's not the coffee, it's the bunk." As a joke, three of his co-workers place a fake telegram on Jimmy's desk informing him that he has won. Jimmy's boss, J. B. Baxter , is so impressed, he promotes Jimmy on the spot to advertising executive, with his own office, a private secretary , and a raise. Tom Darcy, one of the pranksters, tries to clear things up before they go too far, but loses his nerve. When Jimmy goes to collect the check, Dr. Maxford assumes his committee finally reached a decision without informing him, and presents it to Jimmy. Jimmy and Betty go on a shopping spree at Shindel's department store. After telephoning Maxford to confirm the check is good, Mr. Shindel gives Jimmy credit to buy an engagement ring for Betty, a luxury sofa-bed for his mother, and presents for all of their neighbors. When the truth comes out, Shindel descends on Jimmy's street to try to take back his goods. Maxford follows soon after and confirms that Jimmy did not win. Tom and the other two jokers admit they are to blame. Late that night, the couple go to the office to tell Baxter. Betty's heartfelt plea persuades Baxter to let Jimmy try to prove himself and keep his promotion, but on a very short probationary period and with no raise. Meanwhile, Bildocker bursts into Maxford's office to announce that the other jury members have finally given in and accepted his choice for the grand prize winner: Jimmy.