The film opens with the recreation of an actual event, the assassination attempt on the President of France, Charles de Gaulle, on 22 August 1962, by the militant French underground organisation OAS in anger over the French government's decision to give independence to Algeria. The group, led by Jean Bastien-Thiry, raked de Gaulle's car, an unarmoured Citroën DS, with machine gun fire in the Paris suburb of Petit-Clamart, but the entire entourage escaped without injury. Within six months, Bastien-Thiry and several other members of the plot were caught and executed. The remaining OAS leadership decides to make another attempt, and hires a professional British assassin who chooses the code name The Jackal ([[Edward Fox . He demands half a million US dollars for his services, so to raise the Jackal's fee, OAS members rob several banks. Meanwhile, the Jackal commissions a rifle disguised as a crutch and fake identity papers. As a professional, he spares the reliable gunsmith but kills the forger who attempts to blackmail him. In Paris, he sneaks an impression of the key to a flat that overlooks a large square where de Gaulle will make an appearance on Liberation Day. The French Action Service identify and kidnap the OAS chief clerk, Adjutant Viktor Wolenski  in Italy. They use torture to extract some elements of the plot, including the word "Jackal", before he dies. The Interior Minister  convenes a secret cabinet. When asked to provide his best detective, the police commissioner recommends his own deputy, Claude Lebel . He will have any resources he needs but must avoid publicity. One of the cabinet members, St. Clair , unsuspectingly discloses the government's knowledge of the plot to his new mistress , an OAS plant who immediately passes this information on to her contact. Lebel uses an old boy network of police agencies in other countries to determine that suspect "Charles Calthrop" may be travelling under the name "Paul Oliver Duggan" and that Duggan has entered France. The Jackal decides to carry on with his plan despite the fact that his code name is known. He meets and seduces Colette de Montpellier  in a Grasse hotel. Slipping away before Lebel arrives, he steals a Peugeot 404 that collided with his Alfa Romeo Giulietta and drives it to Madame de Montpellier's estate. After sleeping with her again and discovering that the police had talked to her, he strangles her. The Jackal then assumes a new identity as a bespectacled Dane, using a stolen passport. He drives Madame de Montpellier's Renault Caravelle to a station and catches a train for Paris. Once the Montpellier's servants discover her corpse and her car is recovered at the train station, Lebel is able to abandon his previous secrecy and make an open manhunt for a murderer. However, the Jackal makes it to Paris just in time, and avoids hotels by going to a bathhouse, where he allows himself to be picked up by a man and taken to the man's flat. At a meeting with the assembled cabinet, Lebel plays the tape of a phone call made from the house of one of the cabinet members. The cabinet hears St. Clair's mistress passing along information about the manhunt to her OAS contact. St. Clair acknowledges that the call was made from his house and leaves in disgrace. Another cabinet member asks Lebel how he knew which phone to tap, to which he replies that he did not, so he tapped them all. Lebel realises that the Jackal will most likely attempt to shoot de Gaulle in three days, when the president will make several appearances for Liberation Day. Meanwhile, the Jackal kills the man who picked him up at the bathhouse after a television news flash reveals him to be wanted for murder. On Liberation Day, the Jackal, disguised as an elderly veteran amputee, shows his forged papers and is allowed through to enter the apartment building he had cased earlier. He takes up a position at the window of the upper apartment. De Gaulle enters the square to present medals to veterans of the Resistance. Lebel meets the policeman who met the disguised Jackal and becomes alarmed. As de Gaulle presents the first medal, the Jackal shoots but the bullet misses him because at that moment the president leans over to kiss the recipient on the cheek. Lebel and the policeman burst in to the room, the Jackal turns and shoots the policeman, Lebel uses the policeman's submachine gun to kill the Jackal as he tries to re-load his rifle. Back in Britain, the real — and completely unrelated to the case — Charles Calthrop  walks in on the police in his flat. As the Jackal's coffin is lowered into a grave, the authorities wonder, "But if the Jackal wasn't Calthrop, then who the hell was he?"