Soni Razdan is a budding actress. Shah is a military man. Amol Palekar is an established actor. Shabana Azmi is a fellow actresS. Ajit Vachani is a film producer and Pankaj Kapoor is his mentally unstable brother. Sushma Seth plays Mrs. Bhal, a retired actress now doing character roles and pushing her reluctant daughter into the film industry to obtain fame and fortune. The filming unit enters Pahalgam in Kashmir for their next film. Razdan mysteriously commits suicide. The police are about to call it an open and shut case when Shah enters the scene. He pretends in front of the unit that he is a special officer sent to investigate the death, but his cover is blown when police come to arrest him just as he about to accuse Mrs Bhal of Razdan's murder as he found Razdan's missing earring hidden under Mrs Bhal's mattress in her hotel room. Shah reveals his true identity as Razdan's estranged brother and states that some days before the "suicide", Razdan had sent him a letter that she had gotten the lead role for a prestigious project. As such, he refuses to believe that she committed suicide. The crew accept that Razdan had indeed got the coveted role, but they are less enthusiastic about co-operating now with the police and investigation of her murder. The only person who believes that Razdan was murdered is Azmi, who heard the Razdan practising her lines until late at night. Azmi realises that Razdan was portraying a village girl, and that she suddenly started shouting something in English before she became silent. She agrees to help Shah catch the culprit, and they join forces to become detective but the murders continue. First with Mrs Bhal, then the male housekeeper. Finally, all clues point to Vachchani, who confesses that Kapoor killed Razdan in a rage when she spurned his advances. Vachchani confesses that he was just covering for him, while his brother was the killer who was mentally ill and a drug addict. Kapoor goes on a shooting spree, killing Vachchani in the process. The case seems to conclude when Shah realizes two things : 1] Kapoor's revolver had already been emptied before he "shot" his brother dead. 2] Vachchani had posted a mysterious letter to his lawyer,and what did the letter contain. Azmi tells Shah she knows where the other gun used to kill Vachchani is as she tries to tell Shah he drives off to the post office to find the letter. Azmi finds the gun missing from the props and costumes box, she leave and an unseen person comes into the boathouse and puts the gun back Azmi from outside sees who it is.. Palekar - is the real killer. Meanwhile it is also revealed to Shah when he reads Vachchani's letter, which turns out to be his confession. Palekar explains to Azmi that his aim was to be a top politician and that Razhan got in the way she was pregnant with his child, he had no intentions to marry her and she was going to talk. Vachchani witnessed the murder outside the boathouse and then agreed for money to become his accomplice, and did everything to cover up the truth. Palekar killed the others as they were a risk and now that Azmi knew, she will would have to be killed, it would be made to look like an accident due to her habit of 'sleepwalking' at night. Shah gets there just in the nick of time before Palekar tries strangle Azmi with the same rope he used to kill Razdan. Shah then fatally shoots Palekar.