 Dr Martin  arrives at a secluded asylum "for the incurably insane" to be interviewed for a job by the wheelchair-using, authoritarian Dr Lionel Rutherford ([[Patrick Magee . Rutherford explains that he owes his current incapacitation to an attack by an inmate. Rutherford reveals his unorthodox plan to determine Martin's suitability for the post of head Doctor. One of the asylum's current inmates is Dr B. Starr, the former head of the Asylum who underwent a complete mental breakdown. Martin is to interview the inmates of the asylum to deduce which one is Dr Starr. If his choice is correct Rutherford will "consider" him for the post. The attendant Max Reynolds  admits Martin through the security door to the inmates' solitary confinement cells where he interviews each in turn.  Bonnie  recounts the plot to murder Ruth , the wealthy wife of her lover Walter . Ruth is a possessive heiress who studies voodoo, and this interest stands in the way of Bonnie and Walter being together.  Bruno  recounts how poverty forced him to accept the unusual request of a Mr Smith  to produce an elaborate suit of clothing from a mysterious, scintillating, fabric that can animate anything, including the dead. After learning what the suit will be used for, Bruno fights Smith and accidentally kills him. He returns with the unsold suit. His wife Anna  dresses their store mannequin in the suit and its true powers are revealed.  The ebullient Barbara  informs Martin she has been in an asylum before. After her release from that asylum she was closely monitored at home by her brother George  and a nurse, Miss Higgins . This frustrated existence is relieved when her mischievous friend Lucy  comes to visit.  Finally Martin interviews Dr. Byron  who holds Rutherford in deep contempt. Byron explains he is working towards soul transference with a small automaton whose head is a likeness of his own, and shows Martin several earlier models. Byron plans to "will" his mannequin to life, and explains the interior of the robot is organic, a miniaturised version of his own viscera. Martin concludes his interview and Max shows him downstairs to deliver his judgement to Rutherford.  Byron successfully brings his mannequin to life: it makes its way to Rutherford's office and kills him with a surgical knife. Then, Martin destroys the mannequin  and seeks help from Max Reynolds, and Dr. Starr's true identity is revealed: it is "Max Reynolds", who has killed the real Max Reynolds two days before. He then kills Martin.