 During the Allied invasion of Sicily, a small American reconnaissance patrol makes its way to a Sicilian village at night. Only one of the Americans speaks Italian. Local Carmela  agrees to guide them past a German minefield. They take shelter in the ruins of a seaside castle. While the others take a look around, Joe  is assigned to keep an eye on Carmela. Despite the language barrier, Joe starts to overcome her indifference. However, he is shot by a German sniper. Before the Germans reach the castle, Carmela hides Joe in the basement. When the Germans send her for water, she sneaks back and checks on Joe, only to find him dead. She takes his rifle and starts shooting at the enemy. The Germans throw her off a cliff to her death and leave. When the Americans return, they find Joe's body and assume Carmela killed him.Wakeman, John. World Film Directors, Volume 2. The H. W. Wilson Company. 1987. pp. 962.  The Allies invade mainland Italy and capture the port of Naples. An orphaned street urchin named Pasquale  happens upon Joe , an embittered, somewhat drunk African-American soldier. When Joe falls asleep, Pasquale takes his boots. The next day, Joe, a military policeman, nabs Pasquale in the act of stealing supplies from a truck. Joe demands his boots back, but when the boy takes him to where he lives, the sight of the squalor causes Joe to leave without them.  The southern half of Florence is freed, but fierce fighting continues across the river in the other half between Italian partisans and the Germans and their die-hard fascist supporters. All the bridges other than the Ponte Vecchio have been blown up, stalling the Allied advance. American nurse Harriet  is frantic to get across and be reunited with a painter. She learns that he is now "Lupo", the leader of the partisans. She and partisan Massimo , a man desperate for news of his family, risk their lives and find a way across. However, Harriet is devastated to learn that Lupo has been killed.  In 1944, three members of the Allied OSS are operating behind German lines with Italian partisans. They rescue two downed British airmen, but run out of ammunition during a battle with the enemy and are captured. The partisans are summarily executed the next day, as they are not protected by the Geneva Conventions; two of the outraged prisoners of war are shot when they try to interfere.