A new Mickey Mouse cartoon will have its premiere in the Grauman's Chinese Theatre in Hollywood. Several Hollywood celebrities all arrive in limousines to attend this special event. Outside The Keystone Cops  are guarding the traffic. Wallace Beery, Marie Dressler, Lionel Barrymore, John Barrymore and Ethel Barrymore step out of the first limousine . Then Laurel and Hardy leave the car and close the door behind them. Inside The Marx Brothers all stick their heads out of the car window. In the next scene Maurice Chevalier, Eddie Cantor  and Jimmy Durante take turns singing in front of a microphone. They are followed by Jean Harlow, Joan Crawford (costumed as in the film [[Rain  and Constance Bennett all singing new lyrics to the chant. Finally Harold Lloyd, Clark Gable, Edward G. Robinson and Adolphe Menjou join in to conclude the song. Sid Grauman is saluting all the guests. George Arliss and Joe E. Brown simply enter, but Charlie Chaplin sneaks inside. Then Buster Keaton enters the building, followed by The Marx Brothers all hidden under Groucho Marx' coat. Mae West enters  and utters her famous line, "Why don't you come up sometime and see me?", which shocks and embarrasses Grauman. Then Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Pluto, Horace Horsecollar and Clarabelle Cow arrive in limousine and are cheered by the audience. Once inside the theatre Mickey’s new cartoon, “Gallopin' Romance”, premieres. The plot revolves around Mickey and Minnie playing music together, when suddenly Pegleg Pete kidnaps Minnie and drives off on a horse . Mickey chases him and beats Pete in the end, bringing Minnie to safety. All the guests in the theatre move rhythmically to the music. We can see Helen Hayes, William Powell, Chester Morris, Gloria Swanson and George Arliss in the audience. In the next close-up scenes the viewer can identify Jimmy Durante, Wallace Beery, Marie Dressler, Rudy Vallee, Joan Crawford, Will H. Hays  and Greta Garbo. Ed Wynn, Wheeler & Woolsey, Laurel & Hardy all laugh with the cartoon. Bela Lugosi , Fredric March  and Boris Karloff  do the same, but with spooky evil laughter. Joe E. Brown laughs so loud that his enormous mouth opens wide, while Buster Keaton keeps his poker face. Jimmy Durante and Douglas Fairbanks laugh so loud that they literally "roll in the aisles". They are joined in by Groucho Marx, Joe E. Brown, Charlie Chaplin, Harold Lloyd and Oliver Hardy. As the cartoon ends the whole audience applauds and congratulates Mickey with his success. But Mickey is so shy that he has to be pulled on the stage by Will Rogers with a rope. All the Hollywood actors now shake Mickey’s hands  to congratulate him with his success. Then Greta Garbo walks onto the stage and starts covering Mickey’s face with kisses. Mickey wakes up in his bed, while Pluto is licking his face. Mickey wonders if he was dreaming. Other Hollywood celebrities that can be spotted in the crowd scenes: Constance Bennett, Warner Baxter and Walt Disney .