Aldin , a simple traveling water seller, falls in love with Miriam, a beautiful slave on auction. Havahslakum, spoiled son of the chief of police, buys her. Before he can take her home, a sand storm interrupts the auction. Aldin uses the opportunity to steal away the slave woman, rescuing her from slavery. They hide from pursuing guards in a seemingly empty mansion. They make love there, and are secretly watched by the master of the mansion, Suleiman. Suleiman traps them and commands them to continue. Havahslakum and his guards invade the mansion & find them. He takes Miriam. Badli, right hand of the chief of police, murders Suleiman. Aldin is sent to prison by mistake for the murder of Suleiman. There, Aldin is tortured. One year later, a heartbroken Miriam dies in childbirth. After a time, Aldin is set free. He meets Badli in the desert, and threatens to kill him, but shows him mercy and lets him leave. Aldin finds the cave of Kamhakim and the 40 thieves. Aldin follows a thief inside. The thieves are asleep, and Aldin begins stealing their treasure. Madhya, a young female thief, awakens and threatens to kill Aldin. Aldin convinces her to see the world with him. The two fly away on a magic wooden horse. While they are over the ocean, living hair pulls them down. They swim to the nearby island, inhabited by beautiful amazons. Their queen/goddess invites the two to stay, but the thief girl doesn't trust the amazons. She flies away on the magic horse. Aldin makes love to the amazons. The queen forbids Aldin from following her to her house in the woods at night. Aldin follows her and is horrified to see her change into a large white serpent. All the amazons change likewise and chase Aldin off the island. Aldin is later picked up by sailors. They land on an island inhabited by a giant who eats much of the crew. Aldin finds a magic talking wishing ship that will take him anywhere and give him almost anything he wants. Over the years, Aldin uses the ship to become as wealthy as a king. Aldin enters a competition in Baghdad, the winner of which will becomes king. He wins the competition by tricking his opponent onto his magic ship, and by commanding the ship to take him to the end of the world. He wants a girl who looks like Miriam. She is Jalis, the daughter of Miriam. As king, he tries to force her to marry him, but she loves Aslana. Aldin commands the people to build a tower to Heaven. The people hate him and revolt, led by the Aldin's second in command. Not prepared for the pressures of kingship, Aldin gives up the throne to travel the world as a poor man again, for he now sees the value of freedom.