As Tom chases after Jerry, he suddenly spots an attractive female cat and falls head over heels in love with her, dangling out his tongue as she giggles. Jerry, frustrated, can only stand there and look on. Just then, a little green devil  appears, presumably as Jerry's "evil nature" . He convinces Jerry, Tom is trouble when he is with a dame. The devil recalls the time when Tom met a female cat on the beach, leading to a flashback of 1947's Salt Water Tabby, where Jerry's interference embarrassed Tom, and lead to Tom shooting Jerry into the sea through a fizzy cola bottle. The devil then reminds Jerry of the time when Tom invited a feline over for a meal in 1945's The Mouse Comes to Dinner, where Jerry was forced to serve the food and blow Tom's soup. The frustrated mouse spit Tom's soup in his face, which caused Tom to place the spoon that Jerry is standing on, directly above a candle flame, which burned Jerry's bottom and feet, lauching the mouse into a block of butter to cool off . After that, Jerry is reminded of the time Tom fell in love with a cow-girl in 1950's Texas Tom . Tom confidently strided up to the cat and smoked a roll-up cigarette , which blew out the word "Howdy" in smoke. Back in the garden, the devil and Jerry spy on Tom flirting suggestively. They realise that Tom is planning to serenade his lover soon. The devil asks Jerry if he can take that again, reminding him of 1946's Solid Serenade, where Tom sang Is You Is Or Is You Ain't My Baby, which woke Jerry up in the process and destroying his home. The devil sends Jerry on his way to stir up trouble, armed with a hatpin, mini TNT, and some matches. As Jerry marches over towards Tom, he suddenly spots an attractive female mouse and falls head over heels in love with her, dangling out his tongue as she giggles. The devil, frustrated, laments the trouble with dames. Just then, he suddenly spots an attractive female devil and falls head over heels in love with her, dangling out his tongue as she giggles.