One peaceful day in 1959, suddenly thousands of fishes washed out the shore. All was burned with radioactivity. And then, Tom Trevethan, an old fishermen is also burned with radioactivity. His last word was "behemoth". A huge ship, the "Triton" is also sunk and burned. Professor James Bickford, a marine biologist is also don't knowing what could do this all. Then, in the harbor, a man named John witnessed and photographed a strange head with a long neck of a creature. Dr. Sampson Karnes, a paleontologist identifyed it as "Paleosaurus" a prehistoric gargantuan dinosaur. He founds that the dinosaur is saturated by radiation. His genius 19-years old son Steve Karnes, suggested maybe the dinosaur is awakened by the atomic bomb tests in the Atlantic Ocean. Then, he got the ability to breathe radioactive fire. Then, suddenly, the Behemoth  surfaces in London! Behemoth wreaks havoc in the city, destroying everything in his path. Innocent peoples fell as unfortunate victims killed in the rampage, and the city was destroyed. Buildings burned, trucks were thrown, streets were in panic and ruins, then many peoples screamed and run. But, Steve had an idea. He told military to set 3000 volts of electric fences, and they do that. But, the electricity just make the Behemoth stronger. The plan backfires, and the Behemoth returned to the sea. But, thinking of the radiation, Steve makes a new idea. He invents a special gun. He knows something. Just two days later, Behemoth was found. He was moving, but Steve sets his plan. A mini-sub officer lures Behemoth to resurface in London. Then, Steve sets his newly-invented special "missile gun". He inserts the bullet: a special anti-nuclear cadmium isotope. The anti-nuclear isotope was made to a missile, and Behemoth wreaks havoc in the streets, destroying everything with his radioactive fire breath that was shoot from his mouth, claws, arms, tail and big foot. But, this time, Steve's plan was successful. The Behemoth was near the Empire State Building, when Steve was inside. He shoots the anti-nuclear cadmium isotope to the Behemoth's chest, piercing the Behemoth's heart. The Behemoth roared in pain as the isotope began to take effect on his radiation, and slowly killing him. Behemoth fell to the ground, and disintegrates to small nucleic particles. Steve looks, as the giant monster fades, his parts flew to the sky. Maybe, the humans had make a big mistake, and a bigger threat will came somehow....