Ariston and Agnes  are childhood lovers who reunite. Ariston and Agnes are on their second marriages: Each lost their loves and has children. They decide to marry. Ariston has young Noel played by Sam Concepcion and young Melanie played by Julia Barretto. As they grow up, they transform into beautiful siblings but grow hatred toward one another. Fate has different plans them. Noel is intelligent but causes a lot of tension in the household when Melanie comes into the picture. When Melanie grows up, she and Noel try to get along, but things don't go too well until they have their first kiss. They realize their love for one another but end up miserable as the death of their parents seem to make things even more complicated. The question that arises is "Is love a sin, even if not connected by blood, or is it just immoral or real?"  Long-time sweethearts Ariston and Agnes find themselves ready to marry and settle down after the losses of their married partners. They have children from their previous marriages: Noel  and Melanie . The two do not develop a good relationship as step-siblings, and the idealization brings them to many personal problems leading them to love. Noel confides in Agnes and Melanie confides in Ariston. They live peculiar lives: Noel has always longed for his father's attention while Melanie wants a perfect family consisting of a father, mother and sibling. As the two grow Melanie becomes rebellious and Noel becomes more well accomplished. Melanie creates mayhem unexpectedly for Noel and causes him to be blamed. Rather than facing the harsh realities, Noel takes an offer from his friend Brian  to get a job and learn in Australia, to leave personal problems between Ariston and Agnes. Noel begins to live a fast life accomplishing his goals but is completely unaware that even Melanie misses him. Melanie plans to see Noel on a summer vacation to Australia, with Ariston and Agnes. Cynthia , Brian's manipulative sister schemes to have Noel all to herself. As the vacation goes through Melanie becomes so with Noel as they spend a moment in paradise. Cynthia becomes so obligated to find the truth behind this unlikely compromise and gathering of the siblings. The two immediately fall in love until a secret develops, leaving Ariston and Agnes speechless as Ariston stays with Noel and Agnes stays with Melanie. They try their best to not communicate but, with Melanie's help from her friend Ressie  and her long-lost suitor and Ressie's cousin Ronald , they do communicate. As Ariston comes home an agreement is open. All of a sudden time flies and gets worse as Agnes contracts cancer, leaving a tearful moment and grief. She gives her blessings to Melanie: She would rather have Melanie and Noel go on with their relationship than cause themselves lifelong delusion. As Agnes succumbs to her sickness, an ill-fated move comes along: Cynthia hides the truth from Noel that Agnes has just passed leaving an unstable communication between Melanie and Noel. As Melanie decides to give up any communication involving Noel she finds herself, she decides to finish high school and enter college as an architect and help Ariston in the family business. Noel goes back to Australia and begins a relationship with Cynthia so Melanie can offer Ronald a chance. When Ariston suddenly, dies Noel has to take care of Melanie for two years. She is about to turn 18 but, on the day of her graduation, the two decide to end a feud. Noel hoping to have Melanie's trust back loses it when she comes home drunk from Ressie's gathering. Melanie sets a plan to marry Ronald without living in their home. Noel marries Cynthia after being heartbroken. With their decisions will there be any love left for them to cherish as they try to live with those they marry?