Persuasion tells the story of Anne Elliot and Captain Frederick Wentworth. Eight years prior to the film's beginning, Anne – at the age of 19 – was engaged to Wentworth. However, her father Sir Walter Elliot and especially the family friend Lady Russell persuaded Anne to break off the engagement and give up the man she loves because he has no fortune. Despite their strong mutual affections, Wentworth was not considered rich or important enough to marry an Elliot. Eight years later, due to the lavish spending of Sir Walter and his eldest daughter Elizabeth, the family is in financial difficulties. The Elliot family residence, Kellynch Hall in Somersetshire, has to be let out. Suitable tenants are soon found in Admiral Croft and his wife. Mrs Croft is the sister of Frederick Wentworth, who has risen to Captain in the meantime and has become rich while serving in the Royal Navy. Elizabeth and Sir Walter set off for their new residence in Bath. At first, Anne stays behind, visiting her sister Mary Musgrove who is married to Charles Musgrove, indisposed often, and living in the nearby estate Uppercross. Anne then meets Frederick Wentworth again when he comes to visit his sister. Staying with the Musgroves, Anne meets Captain Wentworth several times and has to witness what she perceives to be his advances towards Charles Musgrove's young and lively sisters, especially Louisa, and is convinced that he will never forgive her, let alone love her again. Eventually Anne goes to Bath, and becomes subject to the attentions of Mr. Elliot, a distant cousin who will inherit her father's wealth and title. Mr. Elliot proposes to Anne, who, though still very much in love with Wentworth, does not immediately decline Mr. Elliot's offer. Admiral Croft, having heard a rumour of Mr. Elliot's proposal to Anne, sends Wentworth to ask Anne if she and her new husband require them to quit Kellynch Hall. Anne informs Wentworth that Admiral Croft has been very much misinformed, but in the medley of new arrivals, Wentworth leaves and Anne runs to find him. On her way, her good friend Harriet reliably informs her that Mr. Elliot is currently also courting Mrs Clay, whom it seemed Anne's father might marry. Mr. Elliot only wants to marry Anne in order to inherit the title from Anne's father once he dies, and establish Mrs Clay as his mistress. Wentworth declares his undying love for Anne and proposes to her in a letter. Anne and Wentworth eventually find to each other. Anne accepts Wentworth's proposal in the street, and says she has never been more determined in her life. The movie skips to Anne and Wentworth in a carriage, Anne blindfolded. Once removed, Anne finds herself standing in front of Kellynch Hall, her early wedding present. The film ends with Wentworth and Anne on the lawn of their new home, dancing together.