 On an alternate Earth, an industrial civilization is flourishing amid an impending war between two bordering nations, the kingdom of Honneamise and the "Republic". Shirotsugh Lhadatt is an unmotivated young man who has drifted into his nation's lackadaisical space program. After the death of a fellow astronaut, he nurtures a close acquaintance with a young religious woman named Riquinni Nonderaiko, whose faith has seen her through some personal hardships.  Seeing Lhadatt as a prime example of what mankind is capable of, along with the godliness and ground-breaking nature of his work, she inspires him to become the first man in space. His training as an astronaut parallels his coming of age, and he and the rest of the members of the space project overcome technological difficulties, spiritual doubt, the machinations of their political masters, and a botched assassination attempt by the enemy nation. Amidst the debacle, Lhadatt soon becomes worn out by the overbearing publicity surrounding his space mission, prompting him to stay with Riquinni for a while; he then comes close to raping her one night while catching her undressing, causing a temporary rift between them that is later mended thanks to Riquinni's kindness. These events culminate in the eventual space launch, which is taking place in what is essentially a demilitarized zone, with the government's hope that the launch of the rocket will be viewed by the enemy nation as an act of war and attack, giving Lhadatt's country a pretext to go to war. As planned, the enemy nation launches a vast combined arms invasion, resulting in a visually stunning finale as fighter planes duel high above an armored advance towards a defensive trench network. Despite calls to pull out, Lhadatt, already in the space capsule and determined to finish what he started, convinces the frightened and vulnerable ground crew to complete the launch. The spectacular launch stuns both sides into inaction as Lhadatt goes into orbit. With no more reference to the world below , Lhadatt prays for humanity's forgiveness. In a symbolic moment, Lhadatt's capsule is suddenly bathed in sunlight, and a flashback of his own life and his world's history and achievements are shown. Meanwhile on the planet's surface, Riquinni witnesses the first snow fall and gazes into the sky, thinking of Lhadatt.