The film is an anthology of four Halloween-related scary stories. One common element that ties the stories together is the presence of Sam  , a mysterious pint-sized trick-or-treater wearing shabby orange pajamas with a burlap sack over his head. He makes an appearance in all the stories as a 'friendly-reminder' to those who break Halloween traditions.TRICK 'R TREAT  Emma  and her holiday-obsessed husband, Henry  have set up numerous ghost-scarecrows for Halloween in their yard. After returning home from a Halloween party, Emma tries to blow out a jack-o'-lantern by their fence, but Henry tells her not to because it's against tradition to extinguish a jack-o'-lantern on Halloween; she blows it out anyway, as she hates Halloween and other traditions. While Henry is inside waiting for Emma to take down the decorations, she is murdered by an unknown assailant with a large blade-shaped pumpkin lollipop. Later, Henry goes outside and finds Emma's severed head, with the giant lollipop in its mouth, hung up on one of the ghost-scarecrows, her limbs chopped off and hanged.  Steven Wilkins , the town principal, spots Charlie ([[Brett Kelly , a young fat kid, stealing candy from his yard. Smiling, he places him down at his front door and talks to him about candy and stealing, carving out a jack-o-lantern, and he gives him a candy. Charlie eats the candy, which turns out to be poisoned, and throws up large amounts of chocolate and blood before he dies. Wilkins drags him to his house, and then returns it outside. There, Wilkins buries Charlie in his backyard, along with another unknown body, and has a run-in with his neighbor, Mr. Kreeg ([[Brian Cox , and his dog. After finishing the burial, Wilkins sees Kreeg screaming from his window, begging for help; Wilkins disregards this and Kreeg is knocked down by an unknown assailant. Later, Wilkins arrives in his basement, where he helps his son Billy  carve a "jack-o'-lantern" in their basement, which is revealed to be Charlie's severed head. The sequence ends with Billy saying, "But don't forget to help me with the eyes."  Five kids, Macy ; Schrader ; Sara ; Chip ; and Rhonda , a savant, journey to the local rock quarry where Macy tells them the local urban legend of "The Halloween School Bus Massacre". Thirty years ago, a school bus containing eight children, all mentally challenged to the point of being chained to their seats was driving on their way home from school. Instead of taking the usual route, the bus driver took the road to the quarry. He stops at the top of a ravine, and checks their chains. However, one kid manages to free his chains and gets to the front seat. While trying to control the bus, he accidentally puts the bus in gear, which causes it to crash into the lake at the bottom of the quarry; the bus driver was the only one who survived, and it is unknown what happened to him. Macy reveals that the children's parents paid the bus driver to kill them to end their "burden". As the group investigates the quarry, the group play a School Bus Massacre prank on Rhonda in which they pretend to have been murdered, then dress up in zombie costumes and chase Rhonda until she falls and knocks herself out. Schrader tends to her and tells the others that its time to leave. While cleaning up with Chip and Sara, Macy kicks a jack-o-lantern into the lake. This proves to be a deadly mistake, as the school bus children suddenly rise from the water. Chip and Rhonda hear the screams of the others and Schrader - thinking it's another prank - goes to back to find them. After he does, informs him in a panic that the legend is real and they need to leave. As the School Bus children chase them, they manage to grab hold of the chains which Sara is wearing as part of her costume, ultimately she is dragged away and killed. Meanwhile, Rhonda has locked herself in the elevator leading out of the quarry. Despite the others begging her to open it, she takes her revenge for the prank and rides it up herself as the School Bus children corner them. They are heard being dismembered and eaten alive by Rhonda as she steps out of the elevator. She spots Sam watching her, sitting on a cement pipe, and leaves.  Laurie , a self-conscious 22-year-old virgin, is getting dressed in costumes with her older sister Danielle  and their two friends Maria  and Janet . Annoyed by their talk about boys, she stays behind and plans to join them later. The other girls find local men to bring with them to a party in the woods. Later, alone on her way to the party, Laurie is attacked by a vampire dressed in black . Meanwhile, Danielle, Maria, and Janet party at a bonfire with the men they brought, with Danielle worried about Laurie. The vampire's body suddenly drops from a tree onto the party and Laurie appears. The "vampire" is revealed to be Principal Wilkins in disguise wearing fake fangs. The girls at the party, along with Laurie, suddenly transform into werewolves, removing their skins, and is revealed that Laurie's "virginity" is actually that she has never killed anyone as a werewolf. The girls devour their dates along with Wilkins. Sam is shown sitting on a nearby log, watching them.  Kreeg, a cantankerous, Halloween-hating, curmudgeon lives alone with his dog, Spite, as his only companion. Kreeg shows his disgust for Halloween by scaring away trick-or-treaters. While at his house, Kreeg is attacked by Sam. During the struggle, Kreeg rips off the sack over Sam's head to reveal his head to be a cross between a jack-o-lantern and a human skull. Kreeg runs to his window calling for Mr. Wilkins to help him, but is tackled by Sam. Kreeg gains the upper hand when he manages to fire his shotgun at Sam, seemingly killing him, in the process shooting off one of Sam's hands. As Kreeg dials 9-1-1, Sam re-attaches his hand and rises. Sam then attacks him again, stabbing at him with a large pumpkin sucker out of which he has taken a bite, rendering it sharp. Kreeg, however, smashes his nearby wine bottle, using it as a weapon. This proves futile, as Sam twists his wrist until it breaks. As he delivers the killing stroke, he finds that the sucker has lodged itself into a piece of chocolate from which Kreeg had earlier taken a bite. Sam, taking the sucker wedged into the chocolate, walks away. Meanwhile, pictures burning slowly in a nearby fireplace show a class photo of the masked children from the "School Bus Massacre" and the bus driver, who is revealed to be Kreeg himself.  Bandaged and bruised from his encounter with Sam, Kreeg answers his door to give candy to trick-or-treaters, thus following Halloween tradition. While on his porch, he spots Sam walk over to Emma and Henry's house just after she blows out the jack-o'-lantern. Rhonda walks across the street in a trance and is almost hit by the laughing, human-form werewolf girls in their vehicle, presumably to drive to another town as they do every Halloween. Young Billy Wilkins is sitting on his porch handing out candy and wearing a "Principal Wilkins" costume. Kreeg then walks back inside when there's another knock at the door. He opens the door to find the kids from the School Bus Massacre standing there with their bags outstretched, saying, "Trick r' Treat". The ending is rendered as comic book pages showing the bus driver's fate at the hands of the undead children.