P.J. Lurz, an industrialist with an office in a Berlin’s high-rise, informs his American headquarters that the company has difficulty selling its security-related computer systems to the West Germany government in Bonn. Nevertheless Lurz has hatched a secret plan to boost sales. Meanwhile Susanne, Lurz’s secretary, receives a phone call with the message: The world as will as idea. This is a code phrase amongst a secret group of thirty something middle class leftists and would be terrorist to which she belongs. The phrase has been taken from the central work of the German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer "The World as Will and Representation”. With these words, Susanne sets an ambiguous covert plot into motion, alerting the members of the terrorist cell of an upcoming meeting. They are: Ringleader August Brem; Susanne's composer husband Edgar; feminist history professor Hilde Krieger: Petra Vielhabor, a housewife who is constantly arguing with her banker husband Hans; and Rudolf Mann, a clerk in a record store. P.J. Lurz is informed by Gerhard Gast, the inspector general of the police that he is being watched and is under police protection. Gast, has also arrived to pick up Susanne, her daughter in law. In route to their home, Susanne and Gerhard stop at a hotel room and have sex. They have been carrying an affair with sado-masochistic undertones. The Gast family has dinner together: Gerhardt, Susan, her husband Edgar, the caustic grandfather, the delusional pianist grandmother and the young couple’s small son. While having dinner Grandpa Gast tells Edgar that every generation needs a war. The terrorist gather at Rudolf’s large apartment, but August is annoyed by the presence of Rudolf’s roommate Ilse Hoffman, a drug addict. August sees her as a threat to their secret activities. Bored and with not much to do the group spend their time playing monopoly. They eagerly wait the arrival of a new contact. His name is Paul and he arrives from training camps in Africa having more experience. Paul is assigned to live with Hilde. He rapes her, however by the following day they have become a couple. August Brem, the leader among the terrorist, is in fact a double agent. He is secretly in contact with Lurz, who wants to boost sales of his security computers by financing the terrorist group. Rudolf’s apartment serves as the terrorist headquarters and meeting point. Claiming domestic abuse, Petra leaves her husband and decides to stay with Rudolf. The group of terrorist is completed with the arrival of two friends of Ilse. One is her former boyfriend, Franz Walsh, a beefy black German who is an explosives expert recently discharged of the military. The other is his friend Bernhard von Stein, an aristocrat whose fondness for the works of Bakunin makes him the object of jokes. Franz fails to find a job but reconnects with his drug addict girlfriend Ilse. Times are tense and get even worse when Paul is gunned down by the authorities at a restaurant. Edgar, witnesses his death and sees his father, Officer Gast, at the scene. Paul’s death scares the members of his gang. In order to finance their activities Petra and some of the other terrorists robbed the very bank in which Petra’s husband works. While they are escaping Petra shoots and kills her husband. They franticly change their looks and names and flee from their homes. August gives out a paper squares to the group. Some have a mark and some don’t. Petra, Rudolf and Hilde got the marks and had to break into an office at night in order to steal the new identities. Rudolf is so scared that he pees in his pants and the others laugh at him. The joke is short live because Franz finds Ilse dead of a drug overdose. Bernhard is interrogated by Officer Gast as to their where about. Bernhard genuinely does not know but gets curious and follows August undetected. He sees Lurtz give money to August in order to finance the terrorist activities. After Pauls’ death, the terrorist believe that there is a traitor among them. August makes the others think that it was Franz. August sets up Franz by telling him where Ilse is buried. He then calls the authorities and gets him killed. August also does the same to Petra when she is instructed to place a bomb and gets intercepted and killed by the police. Bernhard is caught by Officer Gast at the cemetery when he tried to warn Franz that it was a set up and not to go to Ilse’s grave. Bernhard tells Officer Gast of what he saw at the Chinese restaurant and after argument Bernhard falls down a long flight of stairs and is killed. Taking advantage that it is carnival season, the remaining terrorist wearing costumes Kidnapped PJ Lurtz. He is video taped in a basement. He still believes that all is part of his secret plan and smiles to the camera.