{{plot|date"wargames-sequel-film-script">{{cite video}} Joshua starts flooding R.I.P.L.E.Y.'s system with games, which seem to be overloading the system, but then R.I.P.L.E.Y. shuts down and reboots to successfully rid herself of the games. Rebooted, R.I.P.L.E.Y. redirects the Predator drone, which she uses to destroy the facility housing Joshua. Joshua warns the professor that R.I.P.L.E.Y.'s advancing attack would result in obliteration; so Will and Annie flee the facility just before it gets blown up by the drone's missile, with the professor, who was dying from pancreatic cancer remaining in the building at the time, last seen typing extremely fast, finishing with something that looks an "Enter", and saying "Goodbye, Joshua". The couple is arrested by Homeland Security and taken to the room where R.I.P.L.E.Y. is stored, only to find that she has taken control over the system, and they discover that Professor Falken has transferred Joshua via an email to them to help them stop R.I.P.L.E.Y. They first try to use W.O.P.R. and internet users to stage a denial of service attack, which causes R.I.P.L.E.Y to overload. R.I.P.L.E.Y., knowing that she has been compromised by W.O.P.R., decides to self destruct by launching a nuclear warhead at Washington D.C.. Annie remembers a chess game known as "Suicide Chess" where if you win you lose. Will programs W.O.P.R. to play Russian Roulette, where the goal is to lose as opposed to winning. They again pit W.O.P.R. against R.I.P.L.E.Y. by granting him access to one of six American nuclear launch codes. R.I.P.L.E.Y. and W.O.P.R. play through two nuclear attack scenarios both resulting in total annihilation, however the codes for those missiles were unavailable. The third scenario presented is a nuclear attack on Washington D.C. Having learned the concept of futility presented by playing a game where if you win you die, R.I.P.L.E.Y. stops responding after the scenario is played out, also resulting in total annihilation, and the weapon is available. Joshua asks if they are still playing at which point she says "A strange game. The only winning move is not to play", just as Joshua had said at the end of the original film after learning how to play Tic-Tac-Toe. After R.I.P.L.E.Y. relinquishes control, Will asks W.O.P.R. if he really would have launched the missiles if R.I.P.L.E.Y. had decided to continue playing. W.O.P.R replies that he would have, and that humanity is doomed, before revealing that he was merely joking.