Another 48 Hrs. takes place several years after the events of the first film, with Reggie Hammond  having served another prison term for robbing a payroll . Veteran San Francisco police officer Jack Cates  has to reunite with his imprisoned buddy Reggie who is about to be released from prison. Together they have to find an unscrupulous drug dealer who calls himself "The Iceman". Once again they only have 48 hours to fulfill their task. Cates has been after the Iceman for the past four years. At the Hunter's Point Raceway, Jack confronts Tyrone Burroughs  and Arthur Brock. Jack kills Brock in self defense, but Burroughs escapes, and Jack is in danger of going to prison because Brock's gun can't be found. Jack finds a picture that proves that the Ice Man has put a price on the head of Reggie Hammond, who is scheduled to be released from prison on the next day. Jack tries to convince Reggie to help him clear his name and find the Iceman, but Reggie says he won't help unless Jack gives Reggie the $500,000 that Jack has been holding on to for Reggie. Jack refuses to give Reggie the money unless Reggie helps him. After the bus that is transporting Reggie away from the prison is forced to crash by two bikers and Jack gets shot by the same two bikers, Jack forces Reggie to help him by having the hospital release Reggie into his custody. Reggie recognized one of the bikers as Richard "Cherry" Ganz , the brother of Albert Ganz, the escaped convict Jack killed in the first film. Jack got shot because Cherry wants revenge for Albert's death, and Cherry and his partner Willie Hickok  are the hitmen who have been hired to kill Reggie. Burroughs, who works for the Iceman, was trying to hire Brock as insurance, just in case Cherry and Hickok fail. Blake Wilson , the head of the Internal Affairs division, obviously doesn't like Jack, because Wilson will stop at nothing to prosecute Jack for manslaughter in Brock's death, and it turns out that the Ice Man put a price on Reggie's head because Reggie knows who the Ice Man is—Jack's friend and fellow cop, Ben Kehoe . Jack confronts the trio of villains (Detective Frank Cruise  at a local nightclub where Reggie is being held . Jack and Reggie dispose of Cruise, Cherry and Hickok, but Reggie is grabbed by Kehoe and used as a human shield. Reggie begs Jack to shoot him which he does firing a shot into his shoulder, wounding him and throwing him off Kehoe. Jack then empties his gun into Kehoe, who falls backward and his head is crushed by one of the stripper cages. Reggie is being transported to the hospital and he and Jack share a few parting words. As the ambulance leaves with Reggie, Jack realizes that Reggie  has once again stolen his lighter.