Kalpana is a daughter of a rich man who always worries that his daughter might fall in love. Hence he always controls her not to talk with men. But Kalpana does not care about it. She leaves for her uncle's house to continue her studies. In the city Kalpana visits an art gallery and gets attracted by a painting of an artist named Rajesh. She gets angry when a photographer tries to get sketch without her consent. Meanwhile an aspiring artist who works for an assignment for ad of the company where Kalpana's uncle work. Due to the deadline pressure he sketches Kalpana for the ad without her knowledge as he was not satisfied with the models he saw. The next day Kalpana's picture get published in newspaper and Kalpana gets angry on that. She finds that the sketch was portrayed by artist Rajesh and her anger goes away. Both of them become good friends and then eventually fall in love. Kalpana's father comes to know about this and he lies to her that Kalpana's mother is ill. Kalpana rushes to home but to find it was her father's lie as he does not want his daughter to be away anymore. He arranges for Kalpana's marriage with a son of rich man who looks like an elephant. Kalpana runs away to Rajesh and insists to marry her. Rajesh initially refuse as his financial background is not stable but finally agree on Kalpana's compulsion. Both marry and settle with their life. Rajesh tells Kalpana that they go to Kalpana's father and apologize for whatever happened much against likes of Kalpana. Unwillingly she goes to her father. She tells him wait outside and she alone goes inside her home. Kalpana's father insults Rajesh badly and tells he is behind the money of Kalpana. She get angry and leaves the place along with Rajesh. But Kalpana has touch with her mother through letters. She writes to her mother that Rajesh is now rich and has got bunglaw, car etc. so as to irritate her father. Kalpana and Rajesh are blessed with a boy and Kalpana's father changes his mind to see his grandson. He informs Kalpana about their arrival for the naming ceremony of the child. Now Kalpana is in trouble as she has lied to her parents about Rajesh's wealth and growth which is not known even to Rajesh. She hires a bunglaw and car for two days until the departure of her parents. Rajesh who comes to know about Kalpana's lies resists against Kalpana and does not want to take part in her drama and leaves. Now Kalpana is in trouble further. Hence she introduces her friend's brother as her husband Rajesh to her parents. Rajesh feels for his behaviour to Kalpana and he decides to help her and take part in the drama but comes to know about Kalpana's fake husband. In order to maintain the lies, both further lie to Kalpana's father and introduce Rajesh as cook and servant named Neelkanth. Now comedy of errors cycle around the bunglaw for the next two days with Kalpana,Rajesh and Kalpana's fake husband who is about to marry Kalpana's another friend within two days. Will Kalpana manage her parents with her chain of lies? Does Kalpana's father shall know who is his real son-in-law forms the further plot.