Eagle Chief Yoh Xi-Hung  recruits and raises orphans to be his personal army of ruthless killers. One such orphan, indoctrinated by Yoh Xi-Hung, is Chik Ming-sing . Chik soon becomes one of Chief Yoh's top killers as he relishes engaging opponents in combat whenever the bandits go on a raid. However, after one particularly rough heist, Chik begins to have second thoughts about his criminal lifestyle. This is further complicated when he is taken in and nursed back to health from wounds received in battle by a kind family. Chik realizes that there is an alternative to his violent, murderous lifestyle. He learns that he can live a peaceful, nonviolent way of life with a wife and family if he so chooses. Chik meets up with a stranger while on the run. The stranger, Cheuk Yi-fan , secretly carries hidden wrist knives and is obsessed with hunting down his enemies for revenge for the murder of his wife and family. Chik Ming-sing is suspicious of the msyterious Cheuk, even when Cheuk does not hesitate to help him kill the other Eagle Clan members who are chasing him for leaving the bandit clan. Not knowing that Cheuk Yi-fan is the son of the family Chik and the other Eagles robbed and murdered, Chik Ming-sing confesses his evil doings to him one evening. Chik reveals that he has vowed to change his ways after that incident by killing Eagle Chief Yoh and the entire bandit clan. He also reveals that he is searching for the husband of the woman he killed so that he can die at his hands to atone for Chik's crimes. Cheuk decides to accompany Chik to Eagle headquarters, but Eagle Chief Yoh recognizes Cheuk's and reveals his true intentions to Chik. When Chik asks Cheuk why he did not take his revenge on Chik, Cheuk reveals that what he wanted was to know the whole story, and that he and Chik should join forces to defeat their common enemy Chief Yoh. After attempting to manipulate both fighters to turn on one another, the two heroes decide to put aside their differences to finally end the murderous reign of the Eagle Clan. Once Chief Yoh is defeated, Chik tells Cheuk that he is ready to accept his punishment. Cheuk tells Chik that all his enemies are now dead and begins to walk away. Chik attacks Cheuk to force him to kill Chik. He tells Cheuk that if he doesn't get his revenge now, then the spirit of his pregnant wife and unborn child would never know peace. The final scene of the film show Cheuk looking over the graves where his family is laid to rest. A new headstone can be seen where Chik's remains have also been placed at the burial site.