The film begins with Shantidevi being announced as the number one Industrialist in India. Shantidevi is a feminist,rich and arrogant lady and rules her company with an iron hand. Enters Krishnan who is a kind-hearted man who works as a wielder in Mumbai and comes to Chennai to see his mother. Krishnan and Shantidevi meet at the airport and their first meeting ends on a bitter note. Krishnan learns that his mother is suffering from Paralysis. Krishnan quits his job in Mumbai and decides to stay in Chennai to take care of his ailing mother. His family doctor recommends Krishnan to meet a renowned business man for his job. Krishnan goes to meet the business man and on the way an elderly man,Viswanathan,is beaten up by few men. Krishnan helps him and takes him to a hospital and finds out that Viswanathan is none other the business man whom he was going to meet. Krishnan is asked to go to the factory only to discover that factory belongs to Shantidevi who happens to be Viswanathan's daughter. Shantidevi refuses to hire Krishnan but later due to her dad's compulsion she recruits Krishnan. Krishnan befriends Meena who is Shantidevi's secretary. Meena is a very sweet and warm person who instantly falls in love with Krishnan. In the mean time Krishnan is elected as the union leader and Shantidevi is not very happy about him as they have different views and ideas. They have frequent clashes due to this. Meena decides to marry Krishnan and reveals it to him .Krishnan likes Meena but advises Meena to discuss it with his mother first. Shantidevi on the hand decides to marry Krishnan,but only to take revenge on him. She somehow convinces Krishnan's mother to get her married and Krishnan obliges to his mother. Krishnan's mother is not aware of Shantidevi's plan. Shantidevi expects Krishnan to stay at home post marriage but her plan back fires as Krishnan continues as the union leader even after marriage. Shantidevi changes a policy in her company which agitates all the workers and they go on an indefinite hunger strike,which is headed by Krishnan. Viswanathan realizes that his company's image is at stake and takes over as the chairman. Shantidevi is angered by this move saying that she has lost to Krishnan. Krishnan's mother comes to know about their bitter relationship and dies immediately,out of guilty. Shantidevi is being kidnapped by some of her business rivals,Krishnan saves her and ultimately she realizes her mistake.The film ends with Meena being appointed as the new chairman and Shantidevi as a homemaker leading happy life with Krishnan.