{{Plot}} A Special Forces unit, known as the Painkiller Unit, is exposed to a biochemical weapon while on a mission in Sovetskaia, Chechnya. After attempting to retreat, the entire unit is ambushed and executed by a group of armed men in protective hazmat suits. One member of the unit, Captain Jane Browning , not only survives the execution, but recovers from the viral infection, and develops an abnormally rapid healing factor, increased dexterity, speed, strength, enhanced senses, mental abilities and a photographic memory. Her eyes enlarge to take in and process information at a hyper-normal rate, and her mind reorganizes what she has seen into analytical logic, such as plotting out a chess game and recognizing patterns in the type of a magazine article. She is taken to a US Army laboratory where scientists are trying to learn what happened so they can create an army of super-soldiers. The lead scientist who is helping to find out why she survived and changed when the others died is Dr. Graham Knight. She is told by Col. Ian Watts, her mentor, that the virus was created by a biochemical terrorist named Peter Erfan who has a genius IQ. As the US Army is transferring her to another base in Alaska, Knight passes her a note saying that they are never going to let her go. Jane escapes in an effort to find Peter Erfan and gain revenge on him for murdering her team. She goes to the university for help from Dr. Knight, but finds that Dr. Knight is not the man who was working with her at the army base. As she confronts the person she knew as Doctor Knight at his hotel, he reveals that he is Captain Lucas Hensley and is with military intelligence. He is undercover and investigating her superior officer, Col. Ian Watts. Hensley tells her that Watts created Erfan and used him as the perfect cover. Since Erfan didn't exist then he couldn't be caught. Hensley asks Jane to help catch him. She goes to confront Watts herself, but as she does so, they are both shot by an unknown assassin. As she is trying to contain the bleeding on Watts, some of her blood falls into his wound and mixes with his blood. It is implied that this may have allowed the colonel to recover from being shot. She goes after the shooter and he leads her to Lucas Hensley. Hensley admits that he is in fact Peter Erfan and has a vial of liquid which he has extracted from Jane. As he is talking with her the assassin starts to move in on her and she shoots him. Erfan refers to her as the new Eve, as something in her body altered the virus and then the virus changed her. This is why she survived but the rest of her unit did not. Erfan has been able to recreate this modified virus and already gave it to the assassin. As he is talking with her the assassin that was shot gets up and rips off a power box on the wall and hits Jane in the head with it. The next scene Erfan has her handcuffed in a helicopter and is taking her away. She breaks out of the handcuffs and starts fighting with Erfan. Shots are fired into the console of the helicopter and the assassin, who is piloting, loses control of the helicopter. This causes Erfan and Jane to fall out of the helicopter and they wrestle with each other while falling toward the water below. The next scene sees Col. Watts in a graveyard where he is standing over her tombstone. He then goes to the docks and gets on a boat. There he meets Jane and gives her a new identity and money. She sails off in the boat. The final scene sees a group of Asian gentlemen walking into a laboratory and meet with Lucas Hensley who apparently survived the fall unharmed. He holds a vial of green fluid, the genetic material for the enhancement virus in solution. The implication is that Erfan took the serum himself, in order to survive the impact with river and he will soon be creating an army of superhumans for the unnamed Asian business partner.