 * Shashi Kapoor as Javed Khan * Jennifer Kendal as Mariam Labadoor * Naseeruddin Shah as Sarfaraz Khan * Shabana Azmi as Firdaus, Javed Khan's wife * Nafisa Ali as Ruth Labadoor * Kulbhushan Kharbanda as Lala Ramjimal * Sushma Seth as Javed Khan's chachi * Tom Alter as Mr. Labadoor * Amrish Puri as the Narrator  The story is set around the Indian Rebellion of 1857. Javed Khan  is a feckless feudal chieftain, whose world revolves around breeding carrier pigeons. His younger brother, Sarfaraz Khan  is politically awakened and actively plots the fight for Indian Independence. Freedom fighters attack the local British administrators while they are in Sunday Worship at Church, massacring them all. Miriam Labadoor  manages to escape with her daughter, Ruth  and seeks refuge with the wealthy Hindu family of Lala Ramjimal . Lala is torn between his loyalties for India and his privileged position under the British. However, matters are taken out of his hand by Javed Khan who barges in Lala's house and forcibly takes away Ruth and her family to his own house. This leads to jealousy on part of his wife, Firdaus  and anger on part of his brother, who ultimately gives in to the Indian tradition of offering hospitality and sanctuary even to uninvited guests. Various situations ensue due to cultural misunderstandings in the domestic routine of the Muslim household with its new English guests. Javed falls in love with Ruth, and wants to marry her but is opposed bitterly by her mother. There are simmerings of a love affair under the watchful suspicious eyes of Firdaus. Meanwhile the Rebellion runs into problems and the British are defeating the ill-organized Indian forces. In a stormy scene, Sarfaraz destroys Javed's pigeon coops and sets his pets aflight after he finds out that Indian forces have lost the Battle for Delhi. There is a delayed recognition by Javed of his subjugated identity as an Indian colonised by the British. Sarfaraz dies in a battle against the British. The Labadoors return to the protection of the re-deployed British contingent, smuggled by Firdaus, who only wants to save her marriage. Javed finds out that Labadoors have sought sanctuary in the church and rushes there to meet Ruth one last time but is turned away by her mother. The movie ends here and the voiceover informs that Javed is martyred fighting the British while Ruth and her mother return to England. Ruth dies fifty five years later, still unwed.