{{Plot}} A grandfather is walking along the beach when his grandchildren catch up to him and inquire about the lighthouse that looks over the waters. He replies by telling them that the lighthouse is older than he himself and tells him a story about it. The story is about a young girl named Andrea and her older brother Jason whose parents work in a sugar cane field of a family called the De Veras. One day, Andrea finds a dirty boy hiding out in their truck. She screams for help and her father comes along, pities the boy and takes him in as his own son. As the years go by and the children get older, Andrea and the boy, Daniel  grow very fond of each other while Jason becomes jealous of Daniel because of how much attention he has gotten from his family. One day Jason and Daniel got into a fight when their parents weren't home and Jason beat him up and told him that he'd be sleeping outside that night. Andrea goes out to comfort Daniel and the two imply that they love each other, despite their young age. The two play together and pretend to get married: Andrea is the bride, Daniel the groom and the De Vera's daughter, Monique, is the bridesmaid. Monique complains that she is always the bridesmaid and now she wants to have her turn at marrying Daniel. One day, Andrea's parents have news that they're moving into the hacienda behind the De Vera mansion and Jason, disappointed that he won't actually be living in the big house, runs away swearing to one day get rid of Daniel for good. Now Andrea and Daniel are in their early twenties and one fateful day, Andrea's parents get into a car accident and die. Jason secretly comes back for his parents funeral and afterwards, he shows up at the hacienda and tells Daniel and Andrea that he is the head of the household and kicks Daniel out. The De Vera's children, Antonio (aka Anton, and Monique, come back from studying abroad and their mother throws them a welcome home party. After hearing that Monique has returned, Andrea and Daniel go to check it out even though they weren't invited. Andrea had a scheme to get a glimpse of the party but she was unable to see anything when she got bitten by one of the guard dogs. Daniel carries her into the party to seek help and then Anton takes over and gets the doctor to inspect her. She stays at the De Vera mansion for a few days, just until her foot recovers. It then seems that Anton has fallen hard for Andrea and Monique for Daniel but they are not interested. Daniel and Andrea love each other very much and made a promise to always be together. To physically seal the deal, they go to the lighthouse near the beach, Daniel gives Andrea a locket with their pictures in it and the two make love. When Andrea comes home from the lighthouse, she meets her brother and he tells her that he has made a business deal with Anton: the deal will only work if Andrea agrees to marry Anton. At this Andrea refuses because she clearly loves Daniel but Jason doesn't care about her or her happiness. He threatens to kill her if she doesn't obey him and starts beating her. She cries herself to sleep and hears Daniel calling to her from her window. She ignores him in fear that Jason might catch her if she tried to meet up with him. The next day Daniel tries to meet up with Andrea again but she unwillingly ignores him and heads into Anton's house. Shocked, he tries again to talk to her but she tries to avoid him. He finally gets her attention and interrogates her about her being at Anton's house instead of meeting with him. She doesn't answer until she is questioned about the wound under her lip, the one given to her by Jason the previous night. She says that it was nothing, that she tripped and hurt herself. She tells Daniel not to worry about anything; everything's gonna be alright. In the next scene the couple intimately make out at Daniel's house but they are interrupted when Jason furiously barges in at the sight of the two kissing. He shouts at Andrea and pulls at her hair and then goes after Daniel who he beats to the ground, his final blow was to the head with a wooden crate full of bottles. He leaves the scene and Andrea attended to the now unconscious Daniel, asking him to forgive her. Daniel has regained consciousness again and a few days later he went down by the lake to wash off his wounds. Monique sees him there and she tries to flirt with him. She asks him if he was going to Andrea's birthday party but he replies by saying that he wasn't invited. Monique tells him that she was invited and now she's inviting him so the two went to Andrea's party together. Once there, Andrea had just blown out her candles when she noticed that Daniel has attended. She thinks nothing of it and the party continues. Anton then holds a box out in front of her and opens it, revealing a necklace with a diamond pendant. Daniel sees that Andrea is still wearing the locket that he gave her and he is surprised when she had to take it off just to try on Anton's necklace. Then Anton gets down on one knee and asks Andrea if she loves him. Despite her heart telling her the contrary, she sadly looks up at Daniel and says yes. Daniel is shocked to hear this after everything that he and Andrea have been through together. Anton then asks her to marry him and before she could answer, Daniel had already fled from the party. Andrea says she would think about it and runs off to find Daniel and explain things to him. She searches everywhere but once she gets to his house, she finds no one and has concluded that he took all his savings and ran away. Andrea gets married to Anton according to her brother's wishes and Daniel becomes a very successful man. Three years have passed since Andrea's party and one day Daniel decides to return to his hometown. Anton, Andrea and Monique patiently wait for a friend of Anton's, someone who he has made business with. The man arrives on a yacht and he turns out to be Daniel. Everybody is surprised at this, especially Andrea. Daniel tries to win over Monique's heart again in attempts to make Andrea jealous. Andrea at this point is not jealous at all, in fact she is still so shocked by Daniel's presence that she faints. Andrea is revived and that night, Daniel comes by Andrea and Anton's house to speak to Andrea. The maid helps the two meet in the backyard and it is revealed that their feelings for each other have not changed one bit. Daniel tells her to meet him later at the lighthouse and Andrea goes back into the house to prepare for the "meeting" and looks for the locket that Daniel gave her three years back. Anton goes up to their room and the couple sleeps together. Then when Andrea was sure that Anton had fallen asleep, she goes to the lighthouse to meet with Daniel and the two made love. When Andrea comes home from the lighthouse, she is shocked to see that Anton has awakened and that he knows where she has been and with whom. He shows her that he also knows about the locket which she forgot to wear when she went to meet up with Daniel and he throws it to the ground. He then approaches Andrea and pulls at her hair asking her questions. At this time Monique walks into this scene of the fight and asks what is going on. Anton says that Andrea is making a fool out of him, and pretending to love him when she really loves someone else. Then Andrea tells Anton to let her go because Daniel is waiting for her at the lighthouse but Anton tells her to let him wait forever and her takes her to their bedroom. Monique follows to ask further questions when she notices Andrea's locket on the floor. She picks it up and looks at the pictures; it has now become clear to her as to what this was all about. Then she goes to the lighthouse to meet Daniel instead of Andrea and she deceives him, telling him that Andrea sent her to tell him that she doesn't love him any more and that she has changed her mind and loves Anton. She gives Daniel back the locket. The next night Andrea, Anton, Monique and Daniel have dinner together on the beach. There, Daniel declares that the yacht that he arrived in a few days ago now belongs to Monique. Also, just like Anton did when he proposed to Andrea, Daniel proposed to Monique with a necklace. Shocked and surprised, Monique accepts and Andrea is crushed. Daniel and Anton go off to talk for a while and they make a deal: Anton will let Daniel marry his sister only if once they marry, they will move somewhere far away to settle. Daniel agrees. Meanwhile, Monique tells Andrea how excited she is about the event that has just occurred, but Andrea is not at all happy for her friend. She tells her not to marry Daniel because she will be truly heartbroken, that he only wants to marry her to make Andrea jealous. Monique does not believe her and leaves. When Andrea and Anton go to bed, Andrea begs Anton not to let his sister and Daniel marry because it will shatter her heart into a million pieces. In the middle of the night, Andrea wakes up, and she can be seen in the bathroom clutching her stomach and seems to be in massive pain. The next morning she is still asleep, and Anton is watching her. She starts muttering words in her sleep, as if she was talking to Daniel, saying such things as "Daniel, don't go, don't leave me." Anton checks on her, feels her forehead and calls the doctor. After the examination, the doctor concludes that Andrea has a fever and that she has to take a special medicine to get rid of the infection that is causing it. The doctor explains that he cannot give Andrea antibiotics because it could harm the baby. Anton doesn't know she had a baby and the doctor states that Andrea is, in fact, pregnant, but she has an ectopic pregnancy. If Andrea is not treated soon she could have a haemorrhage or severe internal bleeding. Seeing as how Anton could not have been able to impregnate Andrea because he is infertile, the only explanation for her pregnancy is Daniel. As soon as the doctor leaves, Anton locks Andrea and himself in the bedroom and he starts to beat her. He calls her a shameless whore and he keeps hitting her as she tries to get up and walk. The maid and Monique overhear Anton and Andrea from the outside of the door and when they hear that Daniel got Andrea pregnant, Monique cries, heartbroken after hearing the news. She then runs to Daniel's house and tells him what she has just found out. Anton keeps on hitting Andrea despite the screaming and pleading for him to stop. Then she falls to the ground, and Anton is about to hit her again when he sees that the white dress she is wearing has blood on it. He stops and realizes his mistake just as Daniel kicks down the door and runs to Andrea's side. He carries her out of the house, not a word said to anyone. Daniel takes Andrea to the beach where they talk. The two profess their undying love for each other and promise that they will live in each other's memories. After the promise was made, Andrea dies. The movie is brought back to the grandfather from the beginning of the movie. His grandchildren ask if Andrea is still alive and he answers "Yes. She is still alive right here, in my heart." A montage shows Andrea and Daniel playing together on the beach. At the end it then shows a clip of him on the sand, his hand held out, holding the same locket with Daniel and Andrea's picture in it. This implies that the he is, in fact Daniel and that his last memory was of Andrea and himself, being together at last.