Gavin Grey  is a 1950s star athlete known by the moniker "The Grey Ghost," who plays football at Louisiana State University. His campus girlfriend Babs Rogers , nephew Donnie  who also goes by the nickname "Cake," and friend Ed Lawrence , adore his personality and charm. During an important matchup in the Sugar Bowl, Gavin's play, which at times defined his competitiveness throughout his career, causes a player from the opposing team to fumble the ball, while he later returns it to score a game-winning touchdown. Later, Gavin ends up marrying Babs, starts a family, and eventually gets drafted by a professional football team. Meanwhile, Lawrence opens a popular sports bar in Baton Rouge. Everyone is pleased for Gavin, including his friendly rival Narvel Blue , who might have achieved professional stardom had he chosen an athletic career path. Reality quickly sets in for Gavin as life in the NFL is difficult, competition fierce, and the schedule grueling. Gavin is a respectable running back for the Washington Redskins, but hardly the idol worshipped by everyone back home during his college years. Concurrently, Lawrence has accrued a number of gambling debts, as he is later murdered amid an episode of organized crime. Babs does her best to keep up with her husband's career and mood swings, and in doing so inherits the role of the wage earner in their household. A sympathetic Donnie finds her frustrated and lonely, as his lifetime attraction to her brings them together for a brief extramarital affair. Gavin's financial setbacks encourage Babs to seek a job from Narvel to manage his restaurant. Age and injuries result in Gavin being traded, benched, and then finally forced into retirement. He enters a failed business relationship with entrepreneur Bolling Kiely ([[Ray Baker  whom he despises, spending countless hours telling old college football stories to clients. Donnie moves on with his life, getting engaged to a sophisticated woman named Leslie Stone , while supporting Gavin and Babs through a marital breakdown. A despaired figure in the end, Gavin mends his relationship with Babs as he spends his withdrawal from professional sports reminiscing about his famed athletic youth.