The film begins with a sleepover of children prank calling people playing the game Seventy Five while their parents are in the other room having drinks. The rules of the game are that you must keep some random person on the line for 75 seconds, and they must believe what you’re saying. As the night goes on the kids go to bed, a man whom the kids recently called calls back, before jumping from a closet and killing all the parents in the house with an axe as the children hide in their bedrooms. Ten years later, Chuck  is murdered in his house by an unknown figure. Meanwhile, Brandon ([[Jonathan Chase  is throwing a party at his fathers secluded mansion. Brandon invites his ex-girlfriend, Karina , so he can try and get back together with her, but she insists that her group of friends also come, including Marcus , Roxy , Shawn , Kareem , Scott  and Jody . As the group are about to leave, Scott decides he wants to change his clothes and runs inside, emerging a few moments later from his house. As the group drive to the house, they stop off at a gas station, where it is revealed Chuck was one of the children from the original Waley murders. Meanwhile, two detectives, Detective Anne Hastings  and Detective John Criton  begin an investigation to find out where the Waley children now are. As they continue their investigation, they discover more of them have been murdered. As the group arrive and the party starts, Brandon and his friend Cal  show everyone around, revealing that the house is filled with cameras which can be monitored on screens in the monitoring room, due to the house previously being used as a reality show set. After a few hours of partying, Marcus suggests a game of Seventy Five. Various people take part, until one caller murders someone for the group to hear. They all decide to not answer the phone and continue with their night. After most people have left, Becky  answers the phone to give directions to the pizza man, not realizing the pizza had already been delivered. While everyone goes to bed, Karina and Brandon make up. Becky stays up with Julie  and two boys. The door bell rings so Becky goes to answer it, but the killer swiftly decapitates her, before murdering the two boys and then Julie. The killer then proceeds to decapitate a boy in the hot tub before drowning his girlfriend. Kareem witnesses this and rounds up Roxy, Marcus and Anna  to leave. The group split up to find the others. Marcus finds Jody and Cal, but soon discover Anna has been murdered. The killer chases Marcus, Jody and Cal through the house, but they manage to get away by getting into Brandon and Karina's room. Soon after Kareem and Roxy arrive with an unconscious Scott, who Kareem accidentally knocked out. Brandon blames Marcus for the murders, causing a fight to break out. After a while of waiting, Brandon and Karina leave to retrieve keys for Brandon's car, while Marcus and Kareem search for Shawn. The killer soon attacks Brandon and Karina, and Brandon is eventually axed in the back, killing him. The killer then throws Karina off the balcony, however she survives and runs into the monitor room. Meanwhile, Cal goes outside to try and hot wire a car. As he succeeds, the killer appears and beats him to death, although he does manage to summon help to the house. As Marcus and Kareem search they hear screams and so rush back to the room, only to find everyone has fled. They soon discover a Roxy has been murdered, before finding Scott. The killer attacks them, but Marcus and Kareem manage to overpower them and pin them to the ground. As Scott swings the axe, he kills Kareem, before attempting to murder Marcus, who manages to escape to the monitoring room. Karina and Marcus watch in horror as both Jody and then Shawn are murdered. Scott soon comes to the monitoring room, with his accomplice , who is revealed to be an inmate from the mental hospital they both recently escaped from. He goes on to reveal that he is, in fact, Scott's twin brother, Josh, and that he murdered Scott before they left for the party. Josh tells Marcus he blames him for the deaths of his parents all those years ago as he was the one that wanted to play Seventy Five. Josh then turns on his accomplice, stabbing him, before a fight breaks out between him, Karina and Marcus. Eventually, Josh stabs Karina to death. While Marcus swings the axe to kill Josh, Detectives Anne and John arrive and shoot Marcus, believing he is the killer. As Anne and John comfort Josh, the accomplice rises with an axe and swings it towards the detectives.