The film opens with the introduction of the central characters. Dr. Satyajit Chavan is the chief of medicine at a government hospital in Mumbai. In the opening sequence, he is informs a patient  that the patient is certain to die very soon. He proceeds to ask  the patient's relatives to remove the patient from the hospital immediately so as to save money and free up bed space. Satyajit is well regarded and respected, but has terrible bedside manners and is generally rude to everyone. His staff of doctors, most of whom are young interns fresh out of medical school, inquire about his bedside manner. He curtly informs them that his job is to treat patients, and that beds must be allocated to the ones who are most likely to survive and get better. We discover that government hospitals  are severely limited in bed space and attract the worst stricken patients in the city. These draconian conditions have shaped Satyajit and his views on treatment. Sarbajeet "Saby" Singh and Kashmira Singh are a young Punjabi couple; they are about to marry. In a departure from the arranged marriages, they have chosen each other independently. They invite their parents to a joint dinner and inform them of their choice. The parents are cheerful to oblige, and gladly arrange the wedding ceremony. Once married, however, Saby and Kashmira discover their varying interests and aspirations. The main conflict is around cricket: Saby is a great fan of cricket and Kashmira does not care very much for the sport. Saby watches every India match with unfailing religious zeal. Kashmira however is left alone and unattended, and gradually feels abandoned and unloved. Hemendra "Hemu" Patel is a janitor working at London airport. He represents the journey of a poor immigrant. His main goal is to secure British citizenship so that he can return to India with great ceremony . He deals with the cultural differences of his UK-inclined teenage daughter. His wife Priya is affectionate and supportive, and though she does not share his obsequious quest for British citizenship, she generally encourages him to achieve his goals. David Abraham, affectionately called "Chinaman" by fans, is a celebrated Indian cricketer. He has retired from active international cricket, but is frequently invited to games , functions and sporting events as the guest of honor. The film presents various crises in these peoples' lives. The theme that underlies these people and their crises is cricket. David Abraham injures himself while at a celebrity cricket match, and is admitted to the government hospital.  Satyajit is the attending physician. There is an inevitable conflict of personalities. David is happy and cheerful about life, even when he knows he may die. The hospital doctors and staff, invariably cricket fans, warm to him, and reinforces his love of the game. Satyajit remains grumpy and aloof, and is simply unable to understand why a game means so much to a man who is about to die. A pointed conflict arises when David requests a television set be installed in his room so he can watch the upcoming world cup finals. Satyajit refuses. David cheerfully informs him that he will get his TV set and that he will bring Satyajit to smile before David's time is up. David has an upcoming kidney transplant operation. He pleads with Satyajit to have the operation after the finals, but Satyajit rudely refuses, saying he may die if it is delayed further. David secures a small AM radio so he can follow the tournament, but Satyajit eventually discovers and confiscates it. David, however, is undeterred in his love of life and of cricket, and Satyajit grows angrier still. Hemu attends his first citizenship interview. The interviewing officer turns out to be a narrow-minded racist who berates Hemu  and urges him to return to India. Some time after, the officer and Hemu find themselves at a sports bar. Hemu cheers boisterously when England loses a wicket . The officer notices this and subsequently denies Hemu's initial application. Hemu pleads desperately with the officer, but the officer stands firm. Hemu is devastated. Hemu is hurt further when he discovers his teenage daughter getting cozy with an African student named Silver. He becomes violent and confrontational, and eventually alienates his daughter. His wife Priya remains loyal to him, but now strongly disapproves of his behavior. Saby and Kashmira continue having trouble with their marriage because of Saby's obsession with cricket. On the advice of a girlfriend, Kashmira takes to watching cricket with Saby but with her attentions on the handsome cricketers. She inadvertently blurts out their names while intimate with Saby. Saby becomes furious and begins to lose his interest in the game. Removed from his passion, Saby deteriorates and alienates himself from Kashmira. He visits his parents and discusses his intentions to split from Kashmira. The crises are resolved within the frame of cricket. The resolution of three crises forms the "hat trick". David confronts Satyajit and asks why Satyajit is so detached from life even when Satyajit has a successful career and a happy family. Satyajit is forced to examine himself. He discovers how he chose to stay in India in spite of the opportunities to venture abroad. He was never happy with this choice, and thus took to being harsh and rude with everyone. He discovers that people love David because David is full of joy, and people simply do not wish to deal with his  rudeness. He decides to change, and tries to find happiness in the smaller things in life. He is not able to postpone David's surgery, but makes up by screening the world cup finals on a large screen for David. Priya confronts Hemu. She points out how Hemu disparages the racial attitudes of the British, but is himself similarly disposed towards Silver. She indicates that he is willing to don the Union Jack merely to obtain citizenship, and asks how he expects others to be happy for him when he is unhappy and confused about himself. Hemu examines himself and decides to change for the better. He is informed that his application for citizenship has been approved, and returns home to a warm reception with his family, friends and the original interviewing officer in attendance. He decides to welcome Silver to event as well. Saby's parents confront him. They point out that he has ignored Kashmira in his zealous enthusiasm for cricket. How will she be able to love him when he is not able to understand her needs? He finally understands this, and returns to Kashmira with a renewed zest for making her happy. They are reunited. The film ends with the principal characters returning to their lives with happiness.