Beth left her small town and despite the disapproval of her parents, married Jake “the Muss” Heke. After eighteen years they live in an unkempt council house and have six children. Their interpretations of life and being Māori are tested. Their eldest daughter, Grace, keeps a journal in which she chronicles events as well as stories which she tells her younger siblings. Jake is fired from his job and is satisfied with the unemployment benefit, spending most of the days getting drunk at the local pub with his friends. There he is in his element, buying drinks, singing songs and savagely beating any other patron whom he considers to have stepped out of line. He often invites huge crowds of friends back from the bar to his home for wild parties. While Jake portrays himself as an easy-going man out for a good time, he has a vicious temper when drinking. This is highlighted when his wife dares to “get lippy” at one of his parties and he savagely attacks her in front of their friends. Beth is shown to love her kids deeply but is incredibly flawed and weak. She too turns to drink when things go wrong, with angry outbursts and occasional violence on a much smaller scale. Her children are shown to do everything for themselves and even resignedly clean the blood-streaked house after her beating, which is obviously not a first from their reaction. Nig, the Heke’s eldest son, moves out to join a street gang whose rituals include facial tattoos . This usually shows the heritage of the person; in Nig’s case, he shows only the heritage of his mother, with the Moko located on only one side of his face. He is subjected to a merciless beating by the gang members but then embraced as a new brother by the leader and later sports the gang’s tattoos. Nig cares about his siblings, but despises his father for his thoughtless brutality. He is angered when his mother is beaten, but deals with it by walking away. The third son, Mark “Boogie” Heke has a history of minor criminal offences and is taken from his family and placed in a foster home as a ward of the state due to the situation with his parents. Despite his initial anger, Boogie finds a new niche for himself, as the foster home’s manager Mr. Bennett helps him embrace his Māori heritage. Jake does not care that Boogie is taken away; he comments that it will do him some good, to toughen him up a bit. Beth is heartbroken, and goes to an effort to get the money together to visit him. Jake pays for the rental car from gambling winnings but deserts the family to go to the pub and they never make the journey. Grace, the Heke’s 13-year-old daughter, loves writing stories as an escape from the brutality of her life. Her best friend is a homeless boy named Toot who lives in a wrecked car. She despises the future she believes is inevitable and is constantly reminded of getting married and playing the role of the wife, which she believes is catering to one’s husband’s demands and taking a beating when one has deserved it. She dreams of leaving and being independent and single. Grace is raped in her bed by father’s friend “Uncle Bully” who tells her that it is her fault for “turning him on” by wearing her “skimpy little nighty”. She becomes depressed. She tries to go to her friend Toot for support, but he kisses her, trying to show his love for her. She reacts violently and storms out, believing him to be “just like the rest of them”. After wandering through the city streets one night, Grace comes home to an angry Jake. As she is about to go to bed, Bully asks for a goodnight kiss in front of everyone, to test his power over her. Grace refuses and her father tears up her journal and nearly beats her up. She runs out to the backyard crying. Beth returns home a minute later and goes outside looking for Grace, only to find that she has hanged herself from a tree branch. Jake is soon kicked out of home by a newly defiant Beth after he refuses to change his lifestyle and stays in the pub with his mates while the rest of the family are attending Grace’s traditional Māori funeral ceremony. Beth stands up to him properly for the first time as he refuses to let her be taken to the marae; he has always felt second rate for not being in touch with his heritage, in his words, “a black bastard”. The film cuts back and forth between the mourning, Jake in the pub bottling it up and the family on the marae. Boogie impresses Beth with his Māori singing at the funeral and Toot says his goodbyes, telling her the gentle kiss was all he meant by it. Boogie reassures Toot that Grace loved him and Beth tells him to live with them. Reading Grace’s diary later that day, Beth finds out about the rape and confronts Jake in the pub. Jake at first threatens Beth, but Nig steps between them, protecting his mother. He hands him Grace’s diary and Jake, true to form, reacts by severely beating Bully, even to the point of stabbing him with a glass bottle in the crotch. Beth blames Jake just as much as Bully for allowing the circumstances under which it happened. She leaves and states her intentions to leave with their children and return to her Māori village and traditions, defiantly telling Jake that her Māori heritage gives her the strength to resist his control over her. Jake hopelessly sits on a curb outside the pub as the family leaves, with sirens wailing in the background, presumably for him.