Three young men, Scott, Robbie, and CJ, stop at a roadhouse in Wisconsin in search of a good time, as Robbie is looking to have sex for the first time. Soon, CJ gets into a fight in the bar and Scott is forced to come inside and bail him and Robbie out. Leaving the roadhouse and their new enemies at the bar behind, the three set off for Minnesota, their home state. Within a few minutes, a large, menacing black car begins stalking them, repeatedly creeping up close and backing off again. Several minutes later, they pick up Deputy Sheriff Charlie Harman, whose '86 Chevrolet police cruiser has frozen to death at the side of the road. After picking up the friendly and talkative Charlie, the 1957 Cadillac Series 75 Limousine, begins to get more and more aggressive, and for unknown reasons challenges Scott's SAAB to a drag race in which it tries repeatedly to wreck the SAAB. Suspicion over why the car is after them and who its occupants are after begins to rise within the SAAB, and Scott decides to kick Charlie out of the car and leave him, believing he is the reason they are being chased. The Cadillac then reappears, and Charlie is apparently killed by a gunman in the Cadillac. After a long while is spent by the three attempting to escape and outwit the Cadillac, the SAAB overheats and stops, and a fight breaks out between the three young men. CJ intervenes and stops the fight, and the three push the SAAB down the road to a repair garage. CJ is soon kidnapped by the Cadillac's occupants while outside, and a chase between both cars across the nearby frozen lake ensues, in which Scott's car is finally destroyed by its overheating problems. CJ is then found tied to a tree, and the reason for the entire set of events is revealed. Charlie, who is in truth a cruel and vindictive man whose death was faked by his brother, Luther, the Cadillac's driver, has been attempting to identify the man his wife had been seeing at a roadhouse, and learned that it was Scott. As he prepares to kill Scott with a hunting knife, his wife Jeanine taunts and distracts him, allowing Scott, Robbie and CJ to break free and run. An insanely enraged Charlie, now personally driving the Cadillac, chases after them. When he corners Scott at the edge of a cliff, he waits a moment, then charges. His wife appears at the last moment in front of Scott, causing Charlie to veer away, sending the black Cadillac crashing down the cliff and into the lake. The destroyed, burning car sinks into the lake while Scott, CJ, Robbie, and Jeanine look on. The next morning, the group finally makes it across the state line into Minnesota.