The film starts off with a happy family consisting of Kapil Kumar Khanna , his wife Durga , and their two sons Karan  and Kishen. Karan is a very naughty kid and usually angers their parents while at his pranks. Kapil Kumar is an honest inspector and on his wife's request, takes Karan with him. While on duty, Khanna goes and tries to arrest Vidyanath  and Ranjit Saxena  for illegally possessing drugs. Ranjit and Vidyanath use machinery to pick up Khanna and throw him onto the ground, when Karan, in an attempt to save his father, pulls the wrong lever, and as a result Kapil Khanna dies. Vidyanath accuses Karan of killing his father, and his mother Durga also in a fit of rage, beats him and tells him to go away. In a wave of emotions, Karan leaves the house and runs towards the ocean. He jumps in and commits suicide. His mother is heartbroken and says she did not want him to leave her and give her such a punishment. Over there, Karan has not died, but has been saved by Hussein  and he brings Karan to his home where he finds a new mother and he and Hussein become best friends, giving an example to mankind, which is later shown in this movie. The starting credits roll on and shows Durga taking Kishen with her to another place where he grows up. On the other hand, Karan and Hussein's childhood are also shown. Now enters a grown up Kishen , a struggling actor who is in love with Lucy , a fellow struggling actress whose father uses all her money on drinking. Kishen returns home and enacts a drama to her mother, who is none other than Durga. The two reconcile and when his mother asks him to get married, Kishen refuses describing the girls of today. Anuradha  makes an entrance, speeding on her car. While Lucy crosses the road, Anuradha slams her car into Lucy, leaving her wounded. Kishen runs after her and a chase follows where Kishen takes her to the police station and gets her behind bars. Anuradha is an arrogant girl and calls up her brother, revealed as Ranjit Saxena. The police officer refuses to accept bribe and locks Anuradha away. Ranjit asks Vishwanath's brain to think of a way. Vishwanath sends his son Chutkiram  to beat Kishen up. Chutkiram has a lisp and has a crush on Anuradha, whom he lovingly calls Anu. A fight between Kishen and Chutkiram and his goons, in which the latter are beaten up by Kishen. Kishen takes him to the police station and explains that he was attacked. Just then Ranjit comes and gives the bail orders for Anu and leaves, saying that Lucy has forgiven Anu for a sum of 25 000 rupees. Kishen confronts Lucy in hospital and Kishen tells Lucy to keep ther money. Just then Lucy's drunkard father  comes, takes the money and leaves. Kishen slaps him and tells him to get out Lucy's life. The rest of this article will be edited at a later date. It is my humble request that you do not change this article.