The Egg and Jerry begins with a mother woodpecker leaving her nest for a brief lunch. The egg that she was nesting jumps up in her absence and falls to the ground, rolling into Jerry's mouse hole and into his bed. Jerry wakes up to find himself sitting on the egg. He is a little embarrassed at first, thinking he has laid an egg. Then begins to hatch making Jerry  bounce with it. Then out comes a baby woodpecker who instantly takes to Jerry as his mother. The adorable, but naturally, peckish woodpecker cannot resist pecking away at Jerry's furniture. Fortunately Jerry has a way to save his stuff. He finds a cracker and breaks off pieces for the woodpecker. Jerry gives a small piece to start but the woodpecker chops it fast. Jerry, a little startled, breaks a bigger piece and hold out to the little bird. The bird eats it and has almost shoulder-high of Jerry's arm in the birds mouth. He pulls his arm away. Jerry returns the woodpecker to his nest, but the little bird follows Jerry back to his hole. Eventually, Jerry gives up on the woodpecker and orders him out. With nowhere to go, the despondent baby woodpecker wanders around the garden, where he comes across an unsuspecting Tom, who is sitting in a deckchair, drinking and reading a magazine. The woodpecker carelessly pecks slightly at the deckchair's leg. An irritated Tom pours his drink onto the woodpecker, who then proceeds to peck through the entire leg of the deckchair, causing it to fold up with Tom still sitting on it, which causes him to swallow the glass he was holding in his hand. Mayhem ensues. Tom begins to chase the bird, who screeches for Mama. Jerry emerges from his mouse hole and decides to intervene, stopping Tom with a rake. However Tom manages to grab hold of the rake, trapping Jerry in the process, who cannot run away. The woodpecker pecks off the end of the rake, allowing Jerry to run off, and sending Tom hurtling backwards into a mailbox. Tom hurls the long remainder of the rake handle at Jerry and the bird, but the bird quickly pecks it down to a stub. In the ensuing chase, Tom swallows the bird. The bird pecks deep inside Tom's stomach, which vibrates violently. Tom drinks from a bucket of water hoping to drown the bird, only for the water to seep out through tiny holes in his body. Jerry knocked Tom's tail which makes him cringe and yelp in pain and the woodpecker eventually pecks his way out through Tom's teeth, and as Jerry runs off, he runs straight into an axe and is knocked out cold. As Tom attempts to disembowel Jerry, the woodpecker continually pecks at the cat's head. Tom grabs the woodpecker in his hand and corks his beak, rendering the woodpecker useless at attacking him. Tom then ties the woodpecker to a telegraph pole. However, the woodpecker manages to free himself, and noticing that Jerry has very little time to escape, quickly performs a complicated calculation in order to stop Tom and rescue Jerry. The woodpecker pecks away at the telegraph pole, which comes crashing down onto Tom's head, and then repeatedly pushes him down into the ground. The baby woodpecker finally locates his mother.Jerry is thankful for the woodpecker's help. However, the mother woodpecker flies into the scene. The baby woodpecker realizes just who his mother is after all, and is whisked away by his mother. Jerry realizes that he will miss his avian companion more than he thought he would. Just then, the baby woodpecker flies back to Jerry, gives him a big kiss and flies away again, as Jerry waves him off happily