A year has passed since the events of "Crocodile" Dundee, and Mick Dundee and Sue Charlton are living happily together in New York. Although Mick's ignorance of city life is a hazard when he attempts to continue his former lifestyle, like blast fishing in Manhattan's waters, Sue's writing has made him a popular public figure. He later goes to work for Leroy Brown, a stationery salesman trying to live up to his self-perceived 'bad guy in the streets' image. While working for the DEA in Colombia, Sue's ex-husband Bob  takes photographs of a drug cartel leader's murder of an unknown person, and is spotted by one of the cartel's sentries. He sends the photographs to Sue, before being murdered. Colombian Cartel leader Luis Rico, and his brother & top lieutenant, Miguel, go to New York City to retrieve the photos. The gangsters hold Sue hostage, leading Mick to ask Leroy for help. Leroy contacts a local street gang, whom Mick asks to create a distraction by caterwauling at the mansion's perimeter, leading most of the cartel's guards on a wild goose chase while Mick rescues Sue. Rico is arrested but soon escapes police custody, and after a failed attempt to kill Sue, Mick decides to take Sue to Australia in order to fight on familiar ground. In Walkabout Creek, Mick is enthusiastically welcomed back by his friends. After provisioning, he and Sue take refuge in his personal land, named Belonga Mick . Here, Sue discovers that Mick owns land equal to the size of New York State, including a gold mine. Rico and his men track their quarry to Australia where they hire some local thugs to assist them, but their Aboriginal tracker abandons them when he hears that their quarry is Mick. As a replacement, the gangsters kidnap Mick's friend Walter and force him to guide them, but Mick saves his friend by faking an attempt on Walter's life. They then lead the gangsters on a false trail through the Outback territory, during which Mick, with the help of his Aboriginal friends, manages to reduce the opposition's numbers one by one, leaving the rest increasingly nervous. In the end, he retrieves Walter from Rico and Miguel, leaving the latter to face him alone. Tired of chasing Dundee, Rico sets a bushfire to corner Mick, but Mick regains the upper hand, captures Rico, and switches clothes with him in order to lure Miguel into a vulnerable position. Sue and Walter mistake Mick for Rico and try to shoot him. Walter hits Mick, and Rico tries to escape but is shot by Miguel, losing his balance and falling to his death from a cliff. Miguel is in turn shot and killed by Sue. Though thinking at first that Mick is dead, they later re-unite with him, and Sue and Mick embrace. When Mick asks her whether she is ready to go home, Sue replies "I am home", concluding the film.