Chandramukhi, accompanied by her parents, visits the hill resort of Shimla for the first time in her life. She senses some familiarity with the place and gets strange feelings for which she does not know the reason. Chandramukhi and her family meet Dr. Naresh Gupta. Naresh is attracted towards Chandramukhi and their families talk about getting them married to each other. Mohan Kapur, an upcoming lawyer, comes to Shimla to meet his patron and godfather, Janak Singh. Mohan owes his education and career to Janak Singh's generosity. Janak Singh wants his daughter Karuna, also a lawyer, to marry Mohan. Mohan agrees out of gratitude to his patron and gets engaged to Karuna. Once, Chandramukhi dashes into Mohan and feels some strange connection with him. Mohan also meets an elderly singer named Saraswati Devi. She is shocked to see him but does not say anything. Whenever Chandramukhi meets Mohan, she acts atrangely. She has the nightmares of a man named Madhav, who is Mohan's doppelganger, plummeting to death from a cliff. Naresh senses that something is amiss and coerces Mohan to help him find the truth. On an excursion, Chandramukhi remembers everything: She was Paro in previous life and Madhav was her lover. A zamindar's son raped her and accidentally murdered her. Here, Naresh too realizes that he should step out of their life, as their romance soon gets rekindled. Here, with help of Chandramukhi, Mohan soon finds out that Saraswati Devi is Satto, the zamindar's daughter. Satto tells them that the villain is none other than Janak. Mohan is in a dilemma: he has broken off his engagement with Karuna for Chandramukhi and now he has to drag Janak to court. Rrealizing that he has no other option, Mohan decides to take matters to the court. Karuna, who doesn't have an idea of the truth, steps in to defend her father against this "conspiracy". Here, it is revealed that Janak is indeed guilty of death of both Paro and Madhav. He killed Madhav first, then raped Paro after telling her about Madhav's death. Paro had cursed him that just as he took away something precious to her, Mother Nature will take something important for him too. Meanwhile, Mohan seems to be losing the case, until he finds the mansion where Paro was purportedly murdered. He also traces Billi Ram, a senile old mason, who may hold a clue to Paro's disappearance. Billi Ram remembers that Janak had called him that day to patch up a wall in the mansion. Mohan comes to the mansion with police, who tear the wall down. A skeleton tumbles out in front of Karuna. Shocked by this revelation, Karuna goes to her home and sets it on fire. She sits inside, playing a piano and succumbs to the fire. After learning of his daughters death and the new discovery, Janak realizes that Paro's curse has done its work. Later, Janak pleads guilty his crime in the court and is sentenced accordingly. As he is escorted out, he and Chandramukhi see each other for a last time. After Chandramukhi and Mohan get united, Naresh heads to America.