{{plot}}  A young Roy Hobbs plays baseball with his father on the family farm. Roy's father dies suddenly under a tree. That tree is split in half by lightning, and Roy carves a baseball bat from it. He burns a lightning bolt on the barrel and calls it Wonderboy. In 1923, a 19-year old Hobbs  is granted a tryout by the Chicago Cubs as a pitcher. The train to Chicago makes a stop at a carnival and Roy is challenged to strike out "The Whammer" , the top hitter in the major leagues. He does so in front of many people, including a sportswriter named Max Mercy , who draws a picture of the event. Back on the train, the naive Hobbs is seduced by Harriet Byrd , an alluring woman, who gravitates to him after judging that he, rather than The Whammer, is now the best baseball player in the world. Byrd lures Hobbs to a hotel room, shoots him, and then jumps out the window to her death. It is later revealed that Byrd kills rising athletes, having already murdered two others. The story skips forward to 1939. The New York Knights have signed the now 35-year-old Hobbs to a contract, to the ire of the team's manager and co-owner, Pop Fisher . With the Knights mired in last-place, Pop is angry about being saddled with a "middle-aged rookie" and refuses to even let him participate in team practice. After a showdown in which Roy is told he is to be sent back to the minors, Pop relents. During the next game, the team's star player, "Bump" Bailey , angers Pop and Roy is sent to pinch hit. Pop encourages Hobbs to "knock the cover off the ball", which Hobbs literally does, providing the game-winning hit in a rain-shortened game. After Bump dies running through the outfield fence in pursuit of a fly ball in a subsequent game, Roy takes over as the team's starting right fielder and plays phenomenally, becoming the league's sensation and single-handedly turning the Knights' fortunes around. Hobbs' success prompts Mercy to try to unearth details about his background, but Hobbs is uncooperative. Mercy starts a rumor that Wonderboy is a loaded bat, but the allegation is disproven when the league weighs and measures the bat, which meets specifications. Roy is soon summoned to a meeting with the principal owner of the Knights, The Judge . Beforehand, Pop's assistant, Red , informs Roy that The Judge has an interest in the team losing, since Pop is obligated to sell his share to The Judge if the Knights fail to win the National League pennant. To ensure that result, The Judge had ordered his chief scout to stock the roster with unknown players like Hobbs. The Judge inquires about Roy's background but is rebuffed. The Judge then offers him a new contract as an implicit bribe to throw the season, but Hobbs makes it clear he is committed to winning the pennant. Gambler Gus Sands  and The Judge devise a plan to manipulate him: Memo Paris , Pop's niece, and Bump's former girlfriend, is sent to seduce Roy. Mercy sees Roy pitch to a teammate after practice one day and finally realizes where he had seen Hobbs before. He confronts Roy with the cartoon he drew after Roy struck out The Whammer and offers him $5,000 for his story, but Roy is not interested. At dinner, Mercy introduces Roy to Gus and Memo. Memo and Roy begin seeing each other regularly. Despite warnings from Pop that his niece is "bad luck," he continues the relationship, and soon falls into a slump. At Wrigley Field in Chicago, Hobbs comes to bat in the top of the ninth with the Knights trailing by one run with a man on third. With two strikes, he sees a woman in white stand up in the crowd, illuminated by sunlight, and he promptly hits a game-winning home run that shatters the scoreboard clock. After the game, Roy realizes the woman in white is his childhood sweetheart, Iris , and they meet at a soda shop. She attends the next day's game, at which Hobbs hits four home runs. Later, they go for a walk and Roy confides his shooting and how he lost his way in life. Iris is sympathetic and they return to her apartment for tea. Roy notices a baseball glove, which Iris informs him belongs to her 16-year old son. Roy wonders where his father is and Iris says he lives in New York. Roy is curious to meet the boy but Iris tells him he should leave. With Hobbs hitting again, the Knights surge into first place, needing just one win in their final three games against the Philadelphia Phillies to clinch the pennant. Against Pop's advice, a victory party is held at Memo's, where Roy again refuses a payoff from Gus. Memo feeds Roy a poisoned éclair, causing him to fall ill. Roy awakens in a hospital bed a few days later and learns that the Knights lost their last three games, setting up a one-game playoff against the Pittsburgh Pirates for the pennant. The doctor informs Roy that his stomach lining has been deteriorating due to his gunshot injury, which was discovered when they recovered the silver bullet while pumping Roy's stomach. Hobbs is warned that his stomach could tear apart and kill him if he continues to play ball. Memo visits Roy in the hospital and encourages him to accept Gus' payoff. Roy later sneaks out of the hospital to take batting practice, but collapses after a few swings. Later that night, The Judge appears at Roy's bedside and increases his offer, even though he doesn't think Roy is in any condition to play. Hobbs refuses and The Judge threatens to ruin Roy's image by releasing photographs from the shooting, which were obtained from Mercy. The Judge also informs Roy that he has a contingency plan in place, having bribed another key player on the team. The day before the game, Iris visits Roy, who still blames himself for failing to achieve his full potential in baseball. Iris insists he's a great player anyway, but Roy responds that he could have been "the best there ever was." Roy asks whether her son is in New York with her and whether they will be attending the game. She says he is, but leaves before answering the second question. The day of the game, Hobbs goes to The Judge's office and returns The Judge's money. Memo fires a gun at the floor. Roy takes the gun from her and recognizes her similarity to Harriet Byrd. As Hobbs walks out, Gus predicts the Knights will lose. Hobbs heads to the locker room, where a nervous Pop is shaving. They converse briefly. Pop tells Roy he's the best player he's ever coached and the best hitter he ever saw, and tells him to suit up. Roy, injured and rusty, strikes out in his first at-bat. The Pirates take the lead when the Knights' starting pitcher, Fowler, surrenders a two-run homer. Realizing Fowler is the player The Judge bribed, Hobbs goes to the mound and tells him not to throw the game. Fowler replies he'll start pitching when Roy starts hitting. In his next at-bat, Hobbs strikes out again, falling to the ground. Iris, sitting in the stands with her son, goes down to the railing and asks an usher to deliver a message to Roy. The message says she and her son are at the game and Roy is the boy's father. Shocked, Roy peers out from the dugout but cannot see them. In the bottom of the ninth, the Knights are still trailing 2-0 and are down to their final out. After the next two batters reach base, Hobbs comes up and the Pirates bring in a young, hard-throwing, left-handed pitcher. Hobbs fouls the first pitch back, breaking the glass to the press box, where Mercy had been sketching a cartoon of Roy as a goat. Hobbs swings through the next pitch. Down to his last strike, he hits what looks like a home run down the right field line, but the ball hooks foul. At the plate, he sees that Wonderboy is broken. The batboy brings him his own handmade bat, the Savoy Special, which Roy had helped him make. The catcher notices blood on Hobbs' jersey, and calls for an inside fastball to exploit Roy's injury. With lightning flashing in the sky, Hobbs sends the ball into the lights above right field for the game- and pennant-winning home run. The lights explode and sparks rain down on the field as Hobbs rounds the bases. The screen fades to a wheat field bathed in sunlight, with Hobbs playing catch with his son as Iris watches.