The movie begins with a dead body of a TV journo, Nadia Merchant, being found in a remote area, somewhere in Germany. Soon after, Indian singer Himesh Reshammiya  is arrested after a concert for murdering the television journalist. HR is put behind bars and the incidents begin to unravel as the movie goes into a flashback. While on a concert in Germany, performing with his best friend Shravan, HR meets the event organizer, Khurana  and his partner Ruby . He also meets the event planner Ria  and it's love at first sight. Love blossoms. After initial reservations, Hansika's father  approves of the match. Things take a turn when HR is arrested. He asks Ruby, also a lawyer, to bail him out. But hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. Ruby is in love with HR, but the rock star loves Ria. He escapes from his prison cell after taking the murdered TV journalist's father Feroz  as captive. He has to find the actual murderer in one single day, or else his sweetheart will be married off to someone else. The only way to stop this happening, he needs Ria's help. He approaches Ria, who is currently ignoring him. After talking to her, and explaining the situation, HR and Ria together solve the mystery. They income a lot of suspects. HR, Shravan, and Ria approach Ruby  for help. They browse through the invoices and other documents in Khurana's office to find that acute losses on a previously finalised world tour deal gave Khurana the motive to frame HR. HR then proceeds to confront Khurana and, after a car chase, he catches up with him. In the final scene HR tricks him into revealing his motives, while a Hindi=speaking tourist/native translates for the police. HR is declared innocent. Khurana reveals that he wore a face mask to appear like HR and committed the murder to frame him. HR is released from jail, Khurana is arrested, and Ria marries HR. Shravan then agrees to feature Ruby in one of HR's music video, and therefore, the movie ends to HR singing the song "Mehbooba" from the classic Bollywood film, Sholay, with Ruby dancing while being recorded to it.