Raghuvir  is a poor bus conductor who is fired from the job after getting into an argument with a passenger. With an ailing mother  and two younger siblings to take care of, Raghu doesn't know how to provide for his family. When he passes by a cinema hall and sees Kalu ([[Rashid Khan  selling movie tickets, he gets an idea. Raghu steals {{INR}} 3000 from Advocate Desai ([[Chetan Anand  and sets up his own black marketing business. First, he works with Kalu, and at the premiere of Mother India, their tickets sell faster and faster as more film stars arrive - they include Dilip Kumar, Geeta Dutt, Guru Dutt, Kishore Kumar, Raaj Kumar, Rajendra Kumar, Lata Mangeshkar, Sohrab Modi, Mohammed Rafi, Nargis, Nadira and Nimmi. Finally, he sells his last ticket for {{INR}} 50 when one ticket cost only {{INR}} 2. Elated with his newfound business, Raghu and Kalu go from strength to strength, recruiting many poor and homeless thieves. When Ganesh  dares to challenge him, Raghu beats him up. The next day, Ganesh agrees to work for Raghu. Now a wealthy man, Raghu buys a new, spacious flat for his family in Marine Drive. Things change when a group of students buy movie tickets from him. Alka  finds out that her friends bought them in black, and tears the tickets. This has a great impact on Raghu, who is standing nearby and watching. Her boyfriend, Nandkumar Chattopadhyay ([[Vijay Anand  promises her not to do it again. Smitten with Alka, Raghu starts to follow her. When Nand gets a scholarship and travels overseas, Alka's parents decide to take her to Ooty to take her mind off Nand. Raghu sees this as a perfect opportunity and gets on the same cabin as her family. He sings "Apni To Har Aah Ek Toofan Hai", trying to flirt with Alka, while the song itself was veiled as a prayer. He also helps to cure Alka's father's back pain with a massage, and soon, he becomes friends with the family. All that taken care of, he sets out to romance Alka, but she resists and turns away his love when she lies that she is engaged to Nand. Heartbroken, Raghu returns to Bombay to continue his business, but his love for Alka has changed him. When he left Alka in Ooty, he promised that he would never do anything bad. Raghu tries to convince his partners to stop black marketing and get an honest job, but they all eventually go back to their bad deeds. Raghu continues to try and earn an honest living, and to his surprise, he meets Alka one day in Bombay. Alka, meanwhile, also falls for Raghu, but hesitates to tell him. Finally, she writes a letter to Nand, telling him to forget her because she loves Raghu. The latter is delighted, and Alka tells him to come in the evening to talk to her parents. However, everything goes awry when she learns that Nand has returned. When Nand comes to her house, the two of them argue, but finally both concede that their "love" was just childishness. Now free to profess her love for Raghu, Alka goes to his house, only to learn that he has been arrested for black marketing...