{{Plot}} Tom's feline friends ([[Butch How to distinguish among Butch, Meathead and Lightning:Butch is black.Meathead is brown with an orange toupee.Lightning is orange without a toupee over his head. peek over a fence and then Butch whistles. Tom shows them a sign with "Nobody home" written on it. The felines run to the house, sneaking while passing a sleeping Spike. Tom lets them in then Butch says: "I got the pictures, Tom! These are the funniest home movies I ever took. Wait'll you see what happened to these dumb dogs. Boy will you make a monkey out of them. They don't know where they are coming or going.  Okay, douse the lights.  Hold it!" Butch points to Jerry, who merely intends to watch the film with the cats. Tom kicks Jerry out of the house and he lands in Spike's mouth. Jerry then pops out from Spike's nose, looking angry. Back at the house, Butch says: "OK boys, here we go!" The movie starts. The movie's title is: "Tom the Terrific Cat Starring Tom". Then first part starts and its title is "Lover Boy!". This part starts with a zoom into a house and to a doghouse labeled "KILLER" with Spike in it . After the cartoon Butch laughs and says: "Lover boy" while mimicking Tom, but then sees Jerry again. Tom kicks Jerry out of the house again. Jerry lands in Spike's mouth again. Jerry opens Spike's eyelid like a curtain and frowns. Butch says: "Part two coming up. This is the time you went fishing, Tom!". Part two is named "The Dumb Dog" . After that cartoon Butch says: "Now there is a dumb dog!" and sees Jerry again, watching the movie from the mail slot. The cats frown at Jerry while Butch yells: "Excuuuuuse me!" and runs to kick Jerry away from there. But Jerry crawls out of the mail slot and runs away before Butch can kick him, causing Butch slip and fall down. Jerry runs next to Spike and sees the door being slammed. He gets annoyed, then he pulls Spike over the window and lifts Spike's head over the windowsill, allowing the dog to see the movie. The movie's third part had just started and it is named "New leash on life" (a scene from [[Fit to Be Tied . After that cartoon, the cats laugh manically. Butch says "Screwball in a side pocket" then continues laughing. An angry Spike then appears behind Butch, who then imitates Spike barking, but, upon realising the imminent danger to come, falters and his voice turns into "bow-wow". In the next scene, the door outdoors is shown while Butch's "bow-wow" voice becomes weaker and weaker. The door then bursts open and Tom runs out of the house. A lamp, chair, book, bookshelf and a table are then shown being thrown out of the house. Afterwards, Topsy, Lightning and Butch run out of the house, with Spike on their trail. Jerry is then seen holding a movie camera and he films the four cats being chased by the canine.