Yash Sabbarwal  is an enterprising billionaire who excels in business strategy. He is smitten by the brilliant and lovely Isha Nair . She is a brilliant medical student and her idealism leads her to Scotland for advance research. Yash himself sends her away by giving her a scholarship for further studies in Scotland. Before she leaves, Yash hires Gaurav Saxena  to go to Scotland with her and using his magical on Isha to make her fall in love with Yash. In Scotland, Taj Bharadwaj , an endearing and loveable guy, falls badly for Isha. Born and brought up in a royal luxury, Taj is a perfect NRI gentleman, ever ready to lend his shoulder to a damsel in distress. He has only one problem and that's a major one, whether his father Lord Bharadwaj  would agree with him or not. When Gaurav comes into the life of Isha's, not just Isha falls in love with him but even Gaurav falls in love with her. When Yash finds out about this, he tells Gaurav to go and break Isha's heart, so she would come back to him. Gaurav uses Maya Dhillon  by starting a fake affair with her and sleeps with her. Taj discovers it and informs Isha about it. When Isha sees Gaurav and Maya together, she starts hating him. Gaurav is awarded with £1 billion by Yash for getting out of Isha's life and opening the ways for him. Gaurav opens an account in a bank but is unaware that the bank is owned by the Bharadwaj family and Taj runs the bank. Taj is shocked when he comes to know that a humble guy like Gaurav is opening an account of £1 billion. Taj asks Gaurav about it and Gaurav informs him that he has sold his soul to the devil. Gaurav starts to realize that he cannot live without Isha and he was really in love with her. He returns the money to Yash and informs Maya that he never loved her and it was just a part of his plan. He informs Maya that he is going back to India and that he is in love with Isha. Maya meets Isha and tells her that Gaurav seriously loved her but sacrificed his love for Yash. Isha forgives Gaurav and still loves him. However, Isha's parents have fixed her engagement with Taj and Isha has to agree to make her parents happy. Isha's friend Rubaina Alam  invites Yash to the engagement. Yash refuses to attend it but Rubaina insults him and tells him that he is responsible for all the trouble and he must attend it. Yash decides to break Taj and Isha's engagement. On the other hand, Gaurav appears at Isha's engagement in the room where Isha is preparing for the engagement. Gaurav informs her that he has always loved her but it is the end and she has to forget about him and think about Taj. Gaurav tells her that she must not tell anyone about their love and continue her life. Lord Bharadwaj sees Gaurav and asks him about why has he come. Gaurav tries to escape with his and Isha's pictures but Taj stops him. The situation becomes worse and the pictures fall on the floor. Lord Bharadwaj sees the pictures and tries to shoot Gaurav but Yash appears at the scene and saves Gaurav. He tells everyone that he deserves to be killed and not Gaurav because he has used Gaurav and Isha and has broken their love. Isha's parents ask her who she really loves but Gaurav tells her to focus on what he has said. Isha starts crying and tells everyone that she is engaging with Taj with her own will and is not being forced by anyone. However, her mood tells that she is not saying this intentionally. Lord Bharadwaj tells Isha's parents not to force her and ask her about her real choice. Isha tells her parents that she actually loves Gaurav. Isha and Gaurav's engagement is fixed. As a result, Gaurav is the one who succeeds in his true love. Yash and Taj fail but Gaurav fixes Taj's engagement with Maya and Yash's mother fixes his engagement with Rubaina. Therefore, all three pairs start living happily. Gaurav's love for Isha wins in the end.