{{plot}} The movie revolves around the happenings of one night with clippings from the past. Amar and Mansi unfold their past in a series of flashback sequence. Amar  works in an Ad Agency, One night when he is alone in his office, Rita one of the staff walks in and invites him to join her for a movie. They converse about life before and after marriage. Amar is married but doesn’t seem happy. Rita says that’s because married people don’t have dreams left in their lives. The dreams people see when they are in love gets replaced by desire once they get married. She herself had been married for 4 years before she walked out. At the movie, Amar keeps thinking of his wife and feigning a headache he walks out of the theatre. On the way home he stops to buy a bouquet of flowers. Back home, Mansi  is at home with her Child and Margarette, the maid. Sunil, Amar’s childhood friend comes home with flowers and wishes her. It’s Amar’s and Mansi’s wedding anniversary and they don’t remember it themselves. Uninvited guest that he is, he’s not sure if there’s enough food for three. But Mansi tells him Amar might have dinner and come since it’s so late already. So he might as well stay back for dinner or else the food will get wasted. Amar overhears this conversation, walks in saying he has a terrible headache and goes straight into his bedroom. She serves dinner to Sunil and sits holding her child as he eats. She goes back in time – their first anniversary when all that mattered was to spend quality time with each other. Amar in the mean time is lying down in the dark, also thinking about their past – of the time when he had gone to meet Mr. Sharma, Mansi’s father to ask for her hand. Lying down on the bed, they both think about their past – about how happy they were. They think of their carefree days when they were madly in love with each other, when nothing seemed impossible. They start off with an ideal marriage; their small world is brimming with love and is perfect. A whole year and they are still happy with each other. On their second anniversary they decide it’s time to extend their family and plan to have a child. In a flashback, we see Mansi’s father against their relationship. Strong outbursts between them and Mansi’s father take place. Amar thinks of the time when Mansi cared so much for him, knew that he couldn’t do anything without a proper meal and now he’s sleeping with no dinner and she’s not even bothered. After a promising start, two whole years of happily married life and with so much to look forward to, they are very happy and excited. They are blessed with a lovely baby whom they both adore a lot. But somewhere the enchantment seems to fade away leaving both of them dissatisfied in their relationship. They live not for each other anymore but for the worldly values and social conventions which they had despised themselves as lovers. Amar starts finding fault in everything that Mansi does even suspecting that there’s something going on between Mansi and Sunil. Mansi also knows about Rita. Amar wishes Mansi was as understanding as Rita. But though there are problems they sort them out. Fragments from their past keep flashing across their minds. Mansi gets up the following morning when the milkman comes. And when she goes out she sees the flowers that Amar had left outside the previous night. Amar comes from behind and sees her pick them up, he hugs her and they walk in together.