{{Plot}}  Tom and Spike, living together as friends, happily eating heartily. Tom drops a piece of bread and Jerry tries to steal it. Tom steps on his tail and pops him back into his hole. They overhear an argument taking place between the owners of the house named Joan and George. George is complaining about the first day of month with too many bills. Joan and George decide that the food costs are far too high. George reads all of the costs saying Dog food and Cat food. They argue whether to get rid of Tom or Spike. They conclude that only one pet can stay in the house. When both Tom and Spike prove to be as helpful as each other in cleaning the house and providing good company, George and Joan make a deal: the first to catch Jerry stays in the house. The race begins. Tom grabs Jerry and Spike is standing and punches him. Then, Spike is going to a shortcut and his hands were stuck and Tom grabs Jerry. Spike gets a door closed on him. Spike then erects a sign that says "DETOUR" and turns Tom into the closet with him. Tom gets walloped with a golf club. Spike is pulled into the floor grate and flattened into the likeness of a nail. Tom presents Jerry to George's chair, but Spike, disguised as George, leaps out and grabs Jerry. Tom shakes Spike's hand in a gesture of surrender, packs up his possessions and sets out for the door. Spike follows him to comfort the cat, and Tom slyly substitutes Jerry with "his" possessions when Spike is not looking and ushers him out the door. Spike falls for it until he's about to leave the yard. He then realizes he has been tricked by Tom, and his head turns into a donkey . Enraged, he angrily runs back towards the house.  Tom laughs at his victory until Spike busts through the door and flattens him. Spike starts chasing Jerry as Tom frees himself. He is compressed into a cylinder. Spike grabs Jerry and is flipped judo-style by Tom. Tom and Spike then duel with swords, destroying a lot of the house. They see Jerry run across a carpet, and they roll it up and cut it up until Tom slices off George's slippers. When Tom and Spike realise their own mistake, an enraged George starts yelling at both of them to begin packing immediately. Later on, he and Joan decide that Jerry will be their new pet, believing that he doesn't eat a lot and are unaware that his mouse hole is stocked with a lot of food. Letting his new owners believe he doesn't eat much, Jerry happily eats his cheese. George then asks Tom and Spike if they were done packing, to which they nod yes in reply. George tells them to take what is their belonging and leave. After hearing him say it, Tom and Spike attempt to sneak out of the house with the fridge. However, they are spotted by George who orders them to return the fridge back into the kitchen at once. Panicking, they flee with the fridge and run away into the sunset.