Ghost hunter Cyrus Kriticos  and his psychic assistant Dennis Rafkin  lead a team on a mission to capture a spirit called the Juggernaut. Several men are killed, including Cyrus. However, the team is able to catch the ghost. Cyrus's nephew, Arthur Kriticos , a widower, is informed by Cyrus's estate lawyer, Ben Moss , that he has inherited a mansion. Financially insecure, Arthur decides to move there with his two children, Kathy  and Bobby  and their nanny Maggie . Dennis meets the family as they tour the mansion. The residence is made entirely of glass with Latin phrases etched on it. Dennis warns Arthur that there are 12 violent ghosts imprisoned in the house, held captive by the Latin phrases, which are actually magic spells. Moss accidentally activates a mechanism that seals the home and begins to release the ghosts; he is killed shortly after. Bobby disappears and encounters several ghosts, including the Withered Lover, who is revealed to be the ghost of his dead mother, Jean. Dennis manages to use a pair of spectral glasses - which allow the wearer to see into the supernatural realm - to convince Maggie of the ghosts. Shortly after, Dennis discovers that the Jackal has been released, meaning they are in grave danger. Kathy puts on a pair of the spectral glasses and sees the Jackal, who viciously attacks her. She and Arthur are saved by Kalina Oretzia , a spirit liberator, who is attempting to free the ghosts. Kathy suddenly disappears; Kalina explains that the home is actually a machine built by Cyrus, powered by the spirits of 12 ghosts and opens the "Ocularis Infernum"  that allows its user to see everything in the past, present and future, thus making the user the most powerful being on earth. Arthur's children are in grave danger, and the only way to ensure their safety is for Arthur to sacrifice himself as the 13th ghost - a ghost created out of pure love, which would destroy the machine. Arthur and Dennis attempt to find the kids. When the Juggernaut is released and comes after the two men along with the Hammer, Dennis sacrifices himself and traps Arthur behind a wall. Arthur watches helplessly as the Juggernaut brutally kills Dennis. Cyrus is revealed to be alive, having faked his death to lure Arthur to the house; Kalina is his secret partner. Cyrus has orchestrated the abduction of Kathy and Bobby so that Arthur will become the 13th ghost, which will not stop the machine, as Kalina had claimed, but trigger its activation. Cyrus kills Kalina and summons the ghosts to activate the machine. Arthur arrives at the main hall and witnesses all 12 ghosts around a rotating crest of metal rings, his children at the center. Arthur and Cyrus have a violent confrontation while Maggie disrupts the machine's controls, freeing the ghosts of their trance. The ghosts hurl Cyrus into the rings, slicing him to pieces. The walls of the house shatter, freeing the ghosts. The ghost of Arthur's wife, Jean, appears before the family and tells them that she loves them. Dennis's ghost smiles at Arthur, who has saved his children at last.