Fong Sai-yuk and his wife, Ting-ting, are now full fledged members of the Red Flower Society. Fong Sai-yuk's godfather, Chan Ka-lok, is the leader of the society, and he intends to groom Fong to become his successor. Chan Ka-lok's deputy, the ruthless Yu Chun-hoi, stands in Fong Sai-yuk's way and attempts to harm him. The society's members are unaware that Chan Ka-lok is actually the younger brother of the Kin-lung Emperor, and they may renounce their loyalty to Chan Ka-lok if they discover his true identity. Meanwhile, some Japanese rōnin find evidence of Chan Ka-lok's birth and attempt to pass it to the emperor. Chan Ka-lok sends Fong Sai-yuk to stop the rōnin but Fong is distracted by a young damsel in distress during the battle, and he focuses on rescuing her instead of retrieving the evidence. At a critical moment when Fong Sai-yuk is almost killed by the rōnin, his mother, Miu Chui-fa, arrives and saves him. Despite so, the rōnin get away and pass the evidence to viceroy Suen Si-ngai. The woman that Fong Sai-yuk rescued earlier is actually Suen On-yee, the viceroy's daughter. Chan Ka-lok plans for Fong Sai-yuk to enter a martial arts contest to win On-yee's hand in marriage and use the opportunity to steal the evidence from the viceroy. On-yee has already fallen in love with Fong Sai-yuk and marries him for real, much to the dislike of Ting-ting. However, the viceroy is aware of Fong Sai-yuk's true intention and the contest turns out to be a trap for Fong. On-yee manages to persuade her father to release Fong Sai-yuk by threatening to commit suicide. Fong Sai-yuk returns to the society and admits to have failed in his mission. Since he had made a promise earlier that he will disable himself if he fails the mission, the cunning Yu Chun-hoi forces Chan Ka-lok to abide by the agreement, and Chan cripples Fong, rendering him unable to practice martial arts in future. While Fong Sai-yuk recovers, Yu Chun-hoi instigates the society's members to turn against Chan Ka-lok and seizes the position of leader. Yu Chun-hoi then sends his men to kill Fong Sai-yuk in order to silence him. Fong Sai-yuk escapes, but his mother is captured by Yu Chun-hoi. To save his mother, Fong Sai-yuk returns and fights his way through, blindfolding himself so that he will not see his former fellows spilling blood. Apparently, he has not been disabled at all, and he defeats and kills Yu Chun-hoi after an intense fight. Fong Sai-yuk saves his godfather from prison and restores him to his leadership position. By the end of the film, Fong Sai-yuk's two wives have come to terms with each other, such that they can talk and behave in absolute unison. Fong Sai-yuk decides to retire from the martial arts community and spend the rest of his life with his family.