{{Plot}} A flock of wild ducks is flying south, and Tom sees them. He fires several shots at them and shoots a duckling in the arm. The duckling cries out in pain and tries to catch up with his family on one wing, but this attempt fails to succeed. The duckling slowly falls out of the sky and down to earth as Tom prepares to catch him. The duckling ends up sliding across the ground, hits a rock, and bounces down, where he is knocked out. Jerry hears the racket, opens his door, and is terrified to discover the duck laying lifelessly and with only one arm and the cat chasing after him. Jerry just manages to hide the duckling in the hole of a tree before Tom shows up; then the cat runs away to look somewhere else. Jerry listens for a pulse and discovers that the duckling is alive. Jerry splashes the duck with a bucket of water and the duckling immediately wakes up with a start. He begs not to be shot, but when he sees that Jerry has saved him, he explains his situation and clutches his arm. Jerry straightens out the duckling's arm and makes a makeshift sling for it. The duckling cries out in excruciating pain for a few seconds, but soon sees the sling and compliments the mouse on his abilities as a doctor. Jerry shushes the duck because he sees Tom outside of the tree. The ducks are then heard quacking; Tom perks up when he sees the opportunity to shoot another duck down. This sound also attracts the duckling, who bids Jerry goodbye and tries to join his flock, knocking over Tom in the process. The duckling cannot get off the ground and soon Tom starts to shoot at him. Tom corners the duck, and just before he plants a bullet in his feathers, Jerry sticks a reed up Tom's gun such that it backfires and leaves Tom with only a blackface. Jerry carries the duckling back to his hole, but soon the duckling hears the ducks again and runs out, only to meet Tom's gun again. Tom's shots barely graze the duckling's rear and Jerry is forced to patch him up after hearing the duck's explanation. Tom imitates a duck sound by blowing through a thin tube intending to call him and flush him out of hiding. The duckling mows over the door and Jerry in order to get out of the hole, but then doesn't see anything. Tom pins the gun to the duckling's head and the duckling barely dodges the point-blank bullet. After a few more shots, Tom follows the duck into a tree stump, and he fires a shot into the stump, hitting the duck again. Tom then pursues the duckling with the gun again, but accidentally shoots a pig's bottom. The pig lets out aloud squeal of pain and leaps high into the air. Tom looks up, and before he can react, the massive pig falls too quickly and has flattened him into the shape of her backside. She then runs away in terror. The duckling passes by Jerry's hole and Jerry pulls him in in order to patch up the duck even more. Less than a third of the duck's body is now visible. Jerry ties the duck to a large anvil to keep him from running away. Tom stealthily crawls on his belly over to Jerry's hole and uses his caller again. The duckling obligingly comes out, taking the anvil with him. When the duck runs past Tom, the anvil flattens him. Tom fires shots at the duckling as the anvil drags across the ground. the duckling grips onto a tree and the anvil swings around and hits Tom, molding him into a stool shape. The duckling suddenly stops when the anvil gets stuck between two small trees, and Tom sees his chance to kill the duck when the anvil bursts free and crashes into Tom sending him flying backwards into a water pump. The duckling then succeeds in getting in the air, but is held down by the weight of the anvil. Since the duckling cannot go anywhere, Tom shoots at the duck, but instead breaks the rope. The anvil plummets downwards directly where Tom is standing; Tom panics and runs back and forth but the anvil follows him. He sees there is no way out so he digs his grave and smokes his last cigarette, it squishes and kills him and falls over the grave and the anvil becomes Tom's "tombstone". The duckling shakes off his bandages and flies away with the rest of the ducks, bidding farewell to Jerry, who holds Tom's duck whistle.