{{See also}} Washington, D.C. detective and forensic psychologist Alex Cross  heads to Durham, North Carolina when his niece Naomi , a college student, is reported missing. He learns from the local police, including Nick Ruskin , that Naomi is the latest in a series of young women who have vanished. Soon after his arrival, one of the missing women is found dead, bound to a tree in a desolate forest, and shortly after that, intern Kate McTiernan  is kidnapped from her home. When she awakens from a drugged state, Kate discovers that she is being held captive by a masked man calling himself Casanova, and she is one of several prisoners trapped in his lair. She manages to escape and is severely injured when she jumps from a cliff and into a river to escape from his clutches. After she recuperates, she joins forces with Cross to track down her sadomasochist captor, who Cross concludes is a collector, not a killer, unless his victims fail to follow his rules. This means there is time to rescue the other imprisoned women, just as long as they remain subservient. Clues lead them to Los Angeles, where a series of gruesome kidnappings and murders have been credited to a man known as the Gentleman Caller. Cross deduces he is working in collusion with rather than imitating his East Coast counterpart, but his efforts to capture and question him are foiled and the man escapes. Upon returning to North Carolina, he eventually discovers the underground hideaway used by, as well as the true identity of, the man who calls himself Casanova. The actual Casanova escapes, while his partner - who seems to still be a teenager- is arrested. Cross then rescues the multiple amount of kidnapped woman, including Naomi. Kate, after all that has happened, decides to call Cross, and ask him out for dinner at her house to get away from work. While Cross is at home, getting ready, the real Casanova- Detective Nick Ruskin - who calls off the police officers guarding Kate, and tries to kill her. Upon meeting Ruskin, she soon catches on to his plans and attempts to escape, but he takes out a gun, warning her if she try's any of her boxing moves he will kill her. Alex soon arrives and tries to take down Ruskin, who takes out a lighter, which would cause the house to burn down since Kate is making dinner using the oven. Cross shoots though a milk carton which kills Ruskin.