Elgin  is a college student who concentrates on his phyiscal fitness playing solitary soccer and studying literature. He hears his friend David  making love next door. Then he hears David's girlfriend pounding on the door demanding to know who's in his room with him. Shelly  comes into Elgin's room wearing only a towel implying she was the woman with David just a moment ago. Shelly says she will only be there a short time until David starts making love with his girlfriend. Then she says it will be a lot longer. David thanks Elgin by setting him up with Shelly. After a meal where Elgin first sees Caroline , the two couples separate and Elgin and Shelly end up in his room. Shelly declares she likes Elgin, and offers to make love to him. He's shocked, but spurns her when she disrobes. Working as the busboy at the school's cafeteria, Elgin has his first conversation with Caroline, but ends up spilling tea on her and her book. She still leaves her dormitory name on a sheet of paper and he goes to see her with a new copy of the book. After a rough start, she agrees to go have coffee with him. She alludes to having another boyfriend, but he is smitten and decides to join a class she is in three weeks after it started. He learns her father died a long time ago. They go on their first real date to the symphony, and there is clear chemistry between them. They meet the other man John , who is already married. She is visibly shaken by this and asks to spend a night with Elgin because she doesn't want to be alone. Their love making is interrupted by David, who says Elgin is late for work. Elgin runs to work and David convinces Caroline to take a ride back to her dorm on his motorcycle. Elgin spots them together and he fights David in a jealous rage, but feels better when Caroline tells him she's not interestd in David. After Elgin gets fired for being late to work, David and Caroline watch Elgin play a successful game of soccer. Elgin and Caroline are making love again when he asks about John, who worked with her father as a lawyer and she has known John all her life. He gets jealous when he learns she slept with him and she gets mad about the conversation. Elgin gets nervous when he can't get a hold of her, but finds a note to join her alone at her family's estate. They continue making love, but she resists him while they are in her childhood playhouse. She tells him this is where her father committed suicide. The phone rings before they drive together back to school. During the drive, Caroline tells him that was John on the phone, he wants her back, and they can't see each other any more. Elgin pulls his motorcycle out of the back of the car and leaves her on the side of the road alone in the car. Elgin returns to his dorm to find Shelly sitting by his door. Shelly declares her love for David, but thinks he doesn't feel the same. Elgin turns Shelly down for sex a second time. Elgin runs into Caroline saying goodbye to John. She tells Elgin she's with John and it's over between them. Elgin gets drunk and again finds Shelly at his door. Elgin accepts Shelly's third proposition, but she leaves in the middle when he calls her Caroline. Elgin goes to Caroline's shared class, but leaves in the middle of the lecture when she doesn't show up. Elgin then goes to see John at his office. He professes his love to Caroline and asks John if his intentions are honorable. John says he has a shaky marriage, but his kids are important and doesn't know if he could divorce his wife. Caroline shows up in Elgin's room in the middle of the night, makes love to him, and then brings him breakfast in the morning. John decided he won't get the divorce. John tells Elgin he's engaged to Shelly. Elgin is mad that's he's second best, but takes Caroline back. This fact eventually tears him up inside and he tells Caroline his love for her is gone and their relationship is over. He says goodbye to her as she leaves alone on a train. He is shown back playing solitary soccer as the credits roll.