Hook-handed Vietnam veteran John "Four Leaf" Tayback's  memoir, Tropic Thunder, is being made into a film. With the exception of newcomer supporting actor Kevin Sandusky , the cast&mdash;fading action hero Tugg Speedman , five-time Academy Award-winning Australian method actor Kirk Lazarus , rapper Alpa Chino , and drug-addicted comedian Jeff Portnoy &mdash;behave unreasonably. Rookie director Damien Cockburn  cannot control them during filming of a large war scene and production is reported to be one month behind schedule. Cockburn is ordered by studio executive Les Grossman  to get filming back on track, or risk its cancellation. Acting on Tayback's advice, Cockburn drops the actors into the middle of the jungle, with hidden cameras and rigged special effects explosions to film "guerrilla-style". The actors have guns that fire blanks, along with a map and scene listing that will lead to a helicopter waiting at the end of the route. Unbeknownst to the actors and production, the group have been dropped in the middle of the Golden Triangle, the home of the heroin-producing Flaming Dragon gang. Shortly after the group set off, the five actors are stunned to see Cockburn blown up by an old land mine. Speedman, believing Cockburn faked his death, persuades the others that Cockburn is alive and that they are still shooting the film. Lazarus is unconvinced, but joins them in their trek through the jungle. When Tayback and pyrotechnics operator Cody Underwood  attempt to locate the dead director, they are captured by Flaming Dragon, at which point Tayback reveals that he fabricated his memoir and that he has hands. As the actors continue through the jungle, Lazarus and Sandusky discover that Speedman is leading them in the wrong direction. The four actors, tired of walking and hoping to be rescued, leave Speedman, who goes off by himself and is captured by Flaming Dragon. Taken to their heroin factory, Speedman believes it is a POW camp from the script. The gang discovers he is the star of their favorite film, the box office bomb Simple Jack, and force him to reenact it several times a day. Meanwhile in Los Angeles, Speedman's agent Rick Peck  is trying to negotiate with Grossman an unfulfilled term in Speedman's contract that entitles him to a TiVo. Flaming Dragon calls the two and demands a ransom for Speedman, but Grossman instead berates the gang. Despite the threats, Grossman expresses no interest in rescuing Speedman and attempts to convince Rick about the benefits of allowing Speedman to die and collecting the insurance. Grossman also offers Rick a Gulfstream V and money in return for his cooperation. Lazarus, Chino, Portnoy, and Sandusky discover Flaming Dragon's heroin factory. After seeing Speedman being tortured, they plan a rescue attempt based on the film's script. Lazarus impersonates a farmer towing a captured Portnoy on the back of a water buffalo, distracting the armed guards so Chino and Sandusky can locate the captives. After the gang notices inconsistencies in Lazarus' story, the actors open fire, temporarily subduing them. When the gang realize they are being guarded by actors, they gather their guns and begin firing. The four actors locate Speedman, Tayback, and Underwood, and cross a bridge rigged to explode to get to their helicopter. Speedman asks to remain behind with the gang which he considers his family, but quickly returns when Flaming Dragon fire in pursuit. Tayback detonates the bridge allowing Speedman to reach safety, but as the helicopter takes off, the gang fires an RPG at the helicopter. Rick unexpectedly stumbles out of the jungle carrying a TiVo box and throws it in the path of the RPG, saving them. The crew return to Hollywood, where footage from the hidden cameras is compiled into a feature film, Tropic Blunder, which becomes a major critical and box office hit. The film wins Speedman his first Academy Award, which Lazarus presents to him at the ceremony.