{{Plot}} Marnie Watson  is being driven home in a police car. Shanks , a cop and the former partner of Marnie's husband who was also a cop escort her. After they get inside, another officer arrives to fit Marnie's ankle bracelet. The cop tells her she cannot move more than {{convert}} from the detector in the hallway. He also tells Marnie that if the alarm sounds for more than three minutes, the police will be notified. Shanks informs Marnie that if she attempts to remove her tag or transgresses the boundaries, she will be imprisoned for ten years. Marnie argues with Shanks, telling him that if the police had taken her crime reports and hospital trips seriously, her husband would still be alive today. Later that day, Marnie places all of her husband's pictures and belongings in a suitcase and places them in her basement. Although her ankle bracelet goes off, Marnie is not alarmed as the duration is less than three minutes. She then paints over the blood on the wall. When she calls the power company about having her power restored, they inform her they cannot make it until Monday, so she reads by candlelight and speaks on the telephone to one of her friends who is still incarcerated. Later that night, she is in bed and hears footsteps, but it turns out to be a cat. The next day, a delivery boy Joey  arrives to deliver her groceries. She tells him she needs him to come by on a regular basis. Later that night, when Marnie is in bed, her husband's face suddenly appears directly before hers. Frightened, she leaps up and flees from her room. Her husband's ghost, Mike , pushes her down the stairs. As she crawls to the front door, she sets the detector off. Shanks arrives a short time later and finds her unconscious at the front door. She tells him she fell down the stairs. He asks her if someone is beating her and then chastises her for not cleaning up the blood stain, which has reappeared on the wall. The next day, she cleans the bloodstain up again and becomes scared when the power company switches the power back on. The cupboards begin to rattle. When plates fly across the room at her, she shouts at Mike that he had it coming, because he beat her for years. Marnie's sister arrives at the house and it is clear that they are estranged. Her sister accuses Marnie of constantly seeking attention and manipulating their mother. Her sister explains that their mother kept thinking only about her. Marnie accuses her sister of wanting the family fortune for herself and brusquely signs the inheritance papers that officially name Marnie as the new landlord. Joey comes over the next day and discovers why Marnie wears a tag. She tells him that her husband used to beat her. The beatings commenced when Mikey joined the police force. When she filed a complaint, Mikey got his police 'buddies' to investigate the matters. This was why no one knew that Marnie was a battered woman. Joey tells Marnie that he wants to be her friend and gives her his landline number as well as his cell phone number. Marnie then asks him to get books on ghosts from the library. Marnie reads a book on exorcising spirits and discovers that it is necessary to remove all of the dead person's belongings from the house. She collects Mike's things from the basement, keeping in mind her three minute time limit. Marnie becomes horrified when the lights go off and he attacks her. Shanks appears and says he heard screaming. He tells her he will protect her but she tells him he cannot. Shanks is convinced that Marnie might not have killed her husband and is now being assaulted by the real perpetrator. Shanks tells Marnie he read Mike's files and saw what Mikey did to her and apologizes for not doing anything at the time. After Shanks leaves, Marnie drops her ring down the sink and reaches in to retrieve it. Mike grabs her hand and pulls it into the drain, but she manages to get her hand out. As his ghost is still present, she realises that there must be something of his which is still in her house. After some digging around, she finds a crawlspace under her bedroom floor. She ventures into the crawlspace and discovers a bag filled with money. She invites a priest to her house and donates the money to the church. She asks him to bless her house but he tells her he cannot do it. After he leaves, Mike seals up the house and throws furniture at Marnie. She escapes and phones Joey. She tells him that it is not necessary for him to see her in person. Joey, however, arrives at Marnie's house and after much pleading on Joey's part, she lets him in. They have sex while Mike watches them from the ceiling. During their sexual encounter, Joey does not see the ghost. Marnie smiles tauntingly at Mike's ghost while she and Joey have sex. In the morning, Mike appears and tortures Joey. The more blood which becomes splattered on Mike's ghost, the more visible Mike becomes. Mike brutally breaks Joey's bones and throws him repeatedly against a wall. He also hurls Marnie across the room. When Joey is killed, Marnie is distraught and does not know what to do. She decides to hide the body in the same crawlspace that her husband used to hide his dirty money. Shanks arrives a few minutes late with back-up, demanding to search the house for Joey as a warrant has been issued for his arrest. As Marnie is telling Shanks to leave after the house has been searched, the ceiling keeps creaking. When Joey's bloodied corpse falls through the ceiling to the hallway, Shanks arrests Marnie for Joey's murder. Mike then sends Marnie flying across the room. Shanks notices this and Mike attacks him too. He tells Mike to stay away from Marnie. He also endeavours to appease the ghost by reminding Mike that they used to be partners. Mike sets the house on fire and throws them both into the basement. Marnie tries to get Shanks to wake up. She then manages to remove her handcuffs as well as her ankle tag. Marnie opens a window and escapes. She then expresses concern for Shanks, who is still in the basement. Marnie climbs through the window into the burning building and rescues Shanks. Unfortunately for Marnie, Mikey's ghost pulls her back through the window. The two struggle and then Marnie removes her ring and throws it at her ex-husband's ghost. The ghost catches it and goes through a transformation, disintegrating in a ball of fire. Marnie and Shanks both escape. Shanks tells her to escape, as a crowd of people begin gathering. Marnie is seen on a bus, while a passenger reads a USA Today paper whereby the headline proclaims she died in the fire saving Shanks' life.