Petty-criminal-gone-straight Terry Leather  owns a struggling car-sales garage. His friend, the photographer Kevin Swain's  ex-girlfriend, a former model named Martine Love  offers Terry a chance to earn enough money to never worry about debt again: a bank robbery in Baker Street, London, where she has critical details. Terry gathers his petty-criminal friends, including Kevin, a sometime pornographic actor Dave Shilling , a mechanic named Bambas , and an elegant con-man "Major" Guy Singer ([[James Faulkner . While scouting the branch of Lloyds Bank, Terry and Martine inspect the vault while Kevin and Dave case the exterior. The Soho gangster Lew Vogel , who keeps records of his police payoffs at the same branch, happens upon Kevin and Dave, the latter of whom has made some films for Vogel. Vogel does not immediately suspect anything is amiss. The newly-formed gang leases a leather accessories shop two lots away from the bank, and dig a tunnel under a fast-food restaurant to reach the underground bank vault. Terry employs Eddie Burton , one of his garage workers, as a watchman with a walkie-talkie on a nearby roof. Martine, once caught smuggling heroin into Britain and wanting to avoid jail, has set up the gang for this job on behalf of MI5, which desires the contents of a certain safe deposit box, No. 118. This box contains compromising photos of a British Royal . Martine is having an affair with ambitious MI5 operative Tim Everett ; the photos and box belong to a black militant gangster who calls himself Michael X ; he uses the photos to avoid trouble with the Metropolitan Police, and MI5 is charged with recovering the photos. As the gang digs, their radio chatter draws the attention of a local amateur radio operator, who realises a robbery is in progress. He calls the police, who search their ten-mile radius and listen for concrete details to pin the robbery down. Terry's crew enter and loot the vault, as Martine goes for the photo deposit-box. A suspicious Terry opens it with her and, upon seeing the pictures, wonders if Martine has a hidden agenda. Another box has many photos of high-ranking government officials, including a minister, in compromising positions in a local S&M brothel. The gang takes these with money and other valuables. Terry arranges for alternate transportation "to be safe", throwing off MI5 which had intended to intercept them. Guy and Bambas escape with their share and Terry confronts Martine over the photos; she explains the unfolding predicament. With the robbery discovered, the police -— corrupt ones receiving payoffs and honest ones —- began separate investigations while MI5 continues their search. Also joining the search for Terry's crew is Vogel, an organised crime figure worried about the contents of his ledger, which lists payoffs he made to police, which was also stolen in the robbery. He informs Michael X that the Royal 'portraits' have gone missing, and Michael X becomes suspicious of Gale Benson , an MI5 spy who is sleeping with his American colleague Black Power militant, Hakim Jamal , and has travelled with him and Jamal to Trinidad, with instructions to find the Royal portraits. Recalling the chance encounter with Dave outside the bank before the robbery, Vogel has him tortured for information. Dave breaks and Vogel's associates go to Terry's garage and kidnap Eddie, the lookout. Meanwhile, a senior government minister, Lord Drysdale, is shown photos of himself in the brothel run by Sonia Bern , given by Terry to Tim and then to MI5 Executive Director Miles Urquhart ; Drysdale and Urquhart agree to cooperate in absolving the robbers and securing them safe passage, in exchange for covering up the mess. Meanwhile, MI5 issues a D-Notice forbidding press reports. Police simultaneously release recordings of the walkie-talkie conversations in the hope that someone will recognise the voices. These recordings are heard on the radio by Terry's young daughters, who tell their mother; her worries over Terry's absence increase. Vogel's accomplice, corrupt Detective Gerald Pyke , shoots Dave and threatens to shoot Eddie unless Vogel gets his ledger back. Vogel agrees with Terry to meet him at Paddington Station in London. Meanwhile, Guy and Bambas are murdered by persons unknown, and Michael X has Gale killed in Trinidad by associates. Terry has Kevin give updates to Detective Sergeant Roy Given , the officer in charge of the investigation, citing knowledge of corrupt officers under Vogel's control. He convinces Vogel to go to Paddington Station at the same time, offering him the ledger in return for Eddie's safe return. Terry heads to the rendezvous while Martine meets Tim, her original contact in MI5, overlooking the scene. Vogel and his corrupt police arrive with Eddie, but recognise the MI5 agents and run. The deputy head of MI5  exchanges the fresh passports Terry negotiated for the photos of the princess. Terry then chases Vogel and in a fight knocks out Vogel and his thugs, including corrupt Detective Nick Barton . Detective Given, officer in charge of the true investigation, arrives to see the robbers arrested. He speaks with the MI5 officers present, who direct police to let the bank robbers go. Terry gives the ledger to Given before he, Kevin, and Eddie leave the scene. Vogel and the corrupt officers are arrested instead. Everett personally supervises Michael X's arrest in Trinidad, and has Gale's remains exhumed for reburial in Britain. The final scenes have Terry and Martine saying good-bye, and Terry and his reunited family enjoying a carefree life on their small motor yacht off a sunny beach. The epilogue states that the revelations about the brothel forced many government officials to resign. Scotland Yard investigates the corrupt officers named in the ledger. It notes that Michael X was hanged in 1975 for Benson's murder and erroneously claims that his personal files are kept hidden in the British National Archives until 2054.The National Archives catalogue shows six files relating to Michael X, all of which were made public before the film was made. Unreleased files appear in the catalogue while still retricted, but there is none such relating to Michael X. Vogel is imprisoned for eight years for crimes that were unrelated to the robbery. The murderers of Guy and Bambas have never been found. About ₤4 million worth of materials and money were stolen from the robbery. At least 100 safety-deposit box owners neither claim insurance nor identify the items in their boxes.