The film is divided into 16 days in which the director discusses a different issue with the Afghan people. Day 1 : He arrives in Kabul Airport and meets the family. A short introduction of the history of Afghanistan. Day 2: He visits the Blue Mosque of Mazar-e Sharif and discusses the situation with the caretakers, guards, and the ulemas who are there. An inside look into the historical artifacts of the mosque. An interview with a westerner who visited Afghanistan in the 1970s and discusses Islam and the Taliban. Day 3 : Interview with the colonel of the Afghan National Army about the status of women in Afghanistan. Interview with a businesswoman who sells mantu on the street. Interview with street children testing their education and questioning them about school. Interview with a traffic police on how the economy has effected the number of cars and drivers. Day 4 : Interviews with a kebab seller and an electronic seller about their business. Interview with a street woman and her view about the government and president Hamid Karzai. Interview with a blind street singer. He has his fortune read by a woman fortune teller. Day 5 : Interview with a doctor and pharmacist about medicine and foreign medical aid in Afghanistan. Interview with a sickle-maker about his business and what he thinks of life. Day 6 : Interview with a former representative of Iranian Cinema about her perception of the people. Interview with a street photographer, comparing standard film to digital photography. Interview with a butcher and his customer about business and health. Day 7: On the way to Kabul, he eats and introduces Afghan cuisine. Interview with a UN representative and employee about UN activities in Afghanistan. The representative discusses land mines and how they affect people's lives. Hajher recalls his last days in Afghanistan during the Cold War. Day 8: Interviews with many day laborers and how the current political and economic system affects their lives. Day 9:Interview with the founder of Afghan Human Rights Committee about the involvement of United States and western powers in Afghanistan and terrorism. Day 10: Hajher visits an illegal local bar to interview heroin sellers, users and addicts. People discuss why they smoke, how it affects their lives and why they don't drink alcohol. Day 11: Visiting the businesses in the popular Chicken Street and how it has changed or remain the same over the years. Interview with the sellers and western visitors who speak about the culture of Afghanistan. Day 12: Hajher visits his village to meet his extended family. Greetings and interviews with the family about religion, politics and the way of life in the United States. Day 13: Hajher faces death for a moment when he thinks that his village barber is going to cut his neck. The head of the village, the religious figure and other known figures come to meet and question him. Day 14: He visits his dad's enemy to make peace and visit his old house which was taken over by the enemies of his father. Day 15: Leaving Afghanistan, farewell to family and friends. Day 16: Landing in the United States Augusta, Georgia airport. A montage of his recollections of the people he met and the places he visited.