As in the previous films, an evil Djinn is released from his prison - an ancient jewel - and must grant three wishes to the person who awakens him, in order to release the race of Djinns from hell and allow them to take over the earth. Painter Sam ([[Jason Thompson  and his girlfriend Lisa  have just moved in together when he has a terrible accident that leaves him crippled for life. Determined to help him, Lisa retains a lawyer, Steven , who has a crush on her. Due to his condition, Sam grows ever more distant from Lisa, thinking she is having an affair with Steven because they cannot have sex. Sensing Sam's growing distance from Lisa, Steven moves in, awkwardly offering as a gift a jewel he found hidden away in an antique desk. The jewel, unknown to Steven, is the Djinn's cell. Lisa inadvertently awakens the Djinn, which secretly kills Steven and takes his form. The Djinn/Steven begins making advances on Lisa to trick her into making wishes. She first wishes for the case for Sam's condition to be won, killing the person on the other end of the phone he was talking to after torturing him into agreeing to a settlement. The Djinn next takes Lisa out to a restaurant called The Palace to celebrate the winning of the case, asking her what she wishes for the most. When she says she wishes Sam could walk again, the Djinn grants this wish, enabling Sam to walk, but not repairing the injuries that made him crippled. They next go to Steven's place where they share champagne. While getting more for them to drink, the Djinn hears Lisa wish she could love "Steven" for who he really is. Aware that his true form will lose her forever, he is unable to grant it right away; he spends much time trying to decipher human love in order to "make" Lisa truly love him, and in the process he develops feelings for her. One of these attempts is talking with one of her coworkers, who explains he has to grant Lisa's deepest desires, amongst which is ending her three-year long sex-less life, and accidentally wishes for killer sex, that is extremely pleasureable to her at first, but does kill her. Meanwhile, his fellow Djinn constantly beg him to grant the third wish and let their race inherit the earth. He ignores them to keep learning about love, even visiting a Strip Club, where he meets Sam. Though he tries tricking Sam into making a wish, Steven ends up granting the wishes of a bartender to be a pimple on the rear of one of the strippers, and that of the bouncer, who wished he'd put up more of a fight after being thrown out. An angel attempts to kill him and Lisa to prevent the third wish. However, Steven sends her away and kills the angel. Due to his previous planning, Steven has tricked Sam into believing Lisa has now fallen in love with Steven and this forces him to leave. Steven later arrives at Lisa's house with some flowers in an attempt to calm her down from the angel's attack and console her. He gives her a kiss, which leads to them making out and then having sex in the living room. Once Lisa calms down afterward, she realizes she has missed having sex but does not love Steven. After being asked if she loved him, Lisa runs upstairs for new clothes  and to leave Steven with his thoughts. At his wit's end, Steven redresses himself and heads upstairs to her bedroom, where she has finished putting on new clothes. Steven explains he gave Lisa what she wanted, but is angerily rebuffed with "thanks for the charity". The Djinn bretheren make their presence known, forcing Lisa to flee. Steven voices rage at his fellow Djinn for jeopardizing the wish, telling them he will take care of it. Using his magic to make the upstairs a looping maze, Steven brings Lisa back to the bedroom and reveals his true form her, offering Lisa a choice; take his hand as the second in command when the Djinn race takes over the world, or to be cast down to another dimension of hell. At the climax, Sam returns and tries to save the day with an angel's sword , but gets stabbed by the Djinn. But while the Djinn is still making attempts to convince Lisa to take his hand as the second in command, Sam invites Lisa to push the Djinn through the blade which is also in Sam. Lisa does that, and both the Djinn and Sam perish. Lisa makes it out of the house and tries to continue on with her life.