Like its predecessor, August Underground's Mordum is presented as a degraded home movie shot by serial killers, in this case returning character Peter, his sadomasochistic girlfriend Crusty, and her sexually depraved manchild brother Maggot . After Peter walks in on Crusty and Maggot having sex, a violent argument erupts between him and Crusty, but it is quelled when Crusty sexually arouses Peter and herself via self-mutilation with a piece of glass. The two then break into a crack house, where Peter beats the owner  to death with a hammer, while Crusty films the filth-incrusted building and decaying corpse of an overdosed addict. When Peter starts stripping the body of the house's owner  another fight breaks out between him and Crusty, when the latter questions his motive for undressing the body, accusing him of being "a faggot" and "wanting to touch dick all the time". The film then switches to a brief scene of Crusty demonstrating her love of self-harm to Maggot and a friend, cutting her scarred arm with a knife. Crusty and Maggot are then shown removing a bound and masked woman from a box the two have been keeping her in for "a long time". Maggot rapes the woman while Crusty cheers him on, and taunts the victim; when Maggot is finished, he lets a male captive out of another box, and he and Crusty force him to castrate himself with a pair of cuticle scissors, then seal him back up. Crusty mimics oral sex with the severed penis, then violates the female victim from earlier with it. Scenes of the three killers in town  are shown, followed by Maggot and Peter watching and masturbating to Crusty torturing two women, sexually abusing and repeatedly vomiting on them while a male body rots in the corner of the room. Eventually, the women are killed; Maggot disembowels one, chewing on her spilled innards and having sex with them, while the other has a bag pulled over her head and is beat to death by Crusty and Peter, the latter dragging the body away to presumably have sex with it. The three then get drunk, and afterward Maggot is found in the bathroom by his sister, shaving and cutting himself to "look beautiful" for Crusty. The trio are next shown playing in the snow, attending a concert, meeting up with friends, gang raping a woman, and going to a piercing shop, where Maggot gets a nose ring, and gets into a fight with Peter over his relationship with Crusty. The group then visit another serial killer, who shows them the contents of his shed - mutilated bodies, dying victims, and a headless and maggot-covered toddler, which Maggot eats a chunk of. Later, while the others are asleep, the new killer borrows their camera, and films himself taunting and slitting the throat of one of his female captives. When next seen, the trio have attacked a family, killing the father first by hanging him. While Peter tortures the mother, Crusty watches Maggot have sex with the corpse of the young daughter in a bathtub. A fight eventually breaks out between the three killers, which ends with Maggot slitting his own throat, followed by the film cutting to static. After the credits, a cat is shown killing and eating a mouse.