In the early 1990s, a tractor mechanic nicknamed Steelhead  illegally enters Japan from China in search of his fiancée, Xiu-Xiu  with the help of his "brother" Jie . Jie has taught Steelhead how to make a living by teaching him the trades of the underworld. One day, while illegally working as part of a clean-up crew in the sewers, Steelhead and his Chinese comrades are spotted by the police. Unwilling to get caught, Steelhead and the others run for their lives. In the ensuing turn of events, Steelhead saves Detective Kitano from drowning, and in gratitude, Kitano decides to stop pursuing Steelhead. One night, while working in a restaurant with Jie, Steelhead found Xiu-Xiu with Yakuza leader Eguchi . Saddened by seeing his fiancée with another man, he spent the night with Jie drinking and partying with hookers. Once sober, Steelhead decided to become a legal citizen of Japan by any means possible. Steelhead and his Chinese friends then went on an aggressive money laundering operation, but left Jie out of it due to his kind hearted nature. Unfortunately, Taiwanese triad leader, Gao , discovered one of his pachinko machines had been tampered with  and vowed to punish the culprit. Jie was caught playing the tampered pachinko machine and was taken to a dark alleyway where Gao sliced Jie's face and cut off his right hand for information. Upon learning that Jie was held by the Taiwanese gang, Steelhead and the rest of their group goes and collect Jie. Full of anger and pity for Jie's fate, Steelhead snuck and hid inside Gao's establishment to take revenge, but instead learned of the plot to kill Eguchi between the Togawa group  and Gao. Gao failed to kill Eguchi; Steelhead saved Eguchi by chopping off Gao's arm with his machete and two ran for their lives. The two successfully escaped pursuit and Steelhead was welcomed to the Eguchi estate to recover. Steelhead would have the chance to catch up with Xiu-Xiu  as Eguchi gave them a moment to speak to each other. Steelhead learned that Eguchi and Xiu-Xiu have a little girl, Ayako. Xiu-Xiu told Steelhead her name is Yuko Eguchi now and that she was happy with her new life. Eguchi returned and offered Steelhead a high paying job, but he refused. Later, Eguchi tried unsuccessfully to expose Togawa for the attempted assassination, but their boss made Eguchi apologize for the accusations instead. Eguchi then asked Steelhead to be a hitman. Steelhead agreed, under two conditions: he'll take control of Gao's territories and legally become a citizen of Japan. Steelhead killed all of his targets, which resulted a gang war within the Yakuza ranks; Steelhead and Eguchi got what they wanted. Eguchi was promoted after Togawa and Steelhead became a vassal under Eguchi with Gao's territories. Steelhead did everything to make a better life for his Chinese brothers, but had no interest in the daily operations of Yakuza activity. He left all the daily operations to his brothers as he started a successful tractor business. Sometime later, Detective Kitano met with Steelhead and warned him that all of his brothers have become corrupted. Kitano told Steelhead that he would be arrested along with his friends, with him charged as the head conspirator. Steelhead made a deal with Kitano: Steelhead would find evidence to have Eguchi arrested in exchange for his comrades' freedom. That fateful night, Steelhead and Kitano returned to the vassal HQ to warn his comrades about their impending arrest if they didn't stop their operation and was met with furious opposition. His brothers violently refused to give up their rich lives they made with the Yakuza. Eguchi arrived just as Steelhead was stabbed by one of his friends. Meanwhile, the Yakuza couldn't tolerate Eguchi's leadership anymore. Gao, Nakajima , and Togawa's son agreed to take Eguchi down the same night. Waves of Yakuza stormed into the building and proceeded to kill everyone, leaving only Eguchi, Steelhead, and Kitano to survive the onslaught. Mortally wounded, Eguchi gave Steelhead a flash drive that contained data on Yakuza operations. As Kitano and Steelhead escaped out of the building, the police arrive and arrest the Yakuza. Steelhead calls Yuko to meet in Okobu station, along with Ayaka, but Togawa had already taken Ayako hostage and told him where Steelhead was. Nakajima intercepted Steelhead; the police arrived in time and exchanged gunfire with Nakajima and his men. Kitano managed to shoot Nakajima, but Steelhead suffered a bullet wound and fled into the sewers. Kitano found Steelhead being swept away by sewage currents and tried to pull him out, but Steelhead told him it was useless and Kitano did not know how to swim. Steelhead gave the flash drive to Kitano before the current swept his body away, calling his debt to Kitano repaid while remembering how happy it was when he was with his comrades in simpler times.