 Princess Elisabeth, lovingly called Sissi, is the second oldest daughter of Duke Maximilian Joseph in Bavaria and Princess Ludovika of Bavaria. She grows carefree with her seven siblings in the family seat Possenhofen Castle on the shores of Lake Starnberg in Bavaria. The impetuous girl loves animals and nature and spent a happy childhood without the usual constraints connected to her status as a royal. Together with her mother and her older sister Helene , the 16-year-old Sissi travels from Possenhofen to the summer spa resort of Bad Ischl in Upper Austria. Ludovika's sister, Archduchess Sophie, is the mother of the young emperor Franz Joseph I of Austria. On the initiative of the emperor's mother, Helene is called to meet her cousin, the young emperor Franz Joseph in the imperial villa, to be immediately engaged to him. Sissi is unaware of the real reason for the journey and is not allowed by her mother to participate in any social events in Bad Ischl due to her rebellious ways. So she ends up spending her free time fishing in the forest. The two meet by chance, as the arriving emperor has no idea that the pretty girl is his younger cousin Sissi. He takes a liking to her and invites her for the afternoon for a hunting trip in the Alps. They meet and spend a wonderful time in the mountains, talking and getting to know each other. She ends up falling in love with him but does not reveal her true identity. At this meeting, the surprised Sissi learns of the planned marriage of Franz Joseph with her older sister Néné. Wistfully however the young emperor confesses that he envies the man who will one day get to marry Sissi instead, as he does not feel a connection to Néné. Upon hearing this indirect declaration of love, she becomes distraught due to her loyalty to her older sister. She runs away from him without any further explanation, leaving him puzzled at her sudden departure.  As they return to their residence, Néné airs the secret of the trip to Bad Ischl: to become engaged with Franz Joseph the same evening. Sissi will also attend this social high point with a ball in honour of the birthday of the emperor. At his birthday party, Franz Joseph is suddenly confronted by the appearance of Sissi in the presence of her mother and sister, realizing who she in reality is. He tries to talk to her, now openly confessing his love and asks her to marry him. In order not to hurt her sister Néné, she rejects him. Franz Joseph however, openly defies his mother's reservations and Sissi's resistance and announces to the surprise of every guest present their betrothal. The spurned Néné is heartbroken and leaves the ball in tears, while Sissi is in a state of shock but has to accept the emperor's wishes. Back in her native Possenhofen, the wedding preparations are in full swing. However, Sissi can not look forward to her impending marriage, as the hurt Néné has left home for an indefinite period. However, just as Sissi is about to break off the engagement for the sake of her older sister, Néné returns as she has just fallen in love with her new suitor, Maximilian Anton, Hereditary Prince of Thurn and Taxis. Overjoyed, the two sisters reunite and Néné gives her blessings to Sissi, now opening her way to her marriage and future happiness. For the wedding ceremony Sissi travels with her entire family on board the steamboat "Franz Joseph" down the river Danube to Vienna. The people line the banks of the river and joyfully wave flags and cheer on their future empress. In a grand procession, Sissi enters the city in a gilded carriage and the dream wedding between her and Franz Joseph takes place in the Augustinian Church on April 24, 1854.