The movie starts with Pina, Ugo Fantozzi's wife, calling the "ItalPetrolCemenThermoTextiFarmSiderChemical" industry  asking to see if her husband is still there, since she has not had any news about him for 18 days. They will find out that, for some reason, Fantozzi got stuck inside the sealed walls of the industry's old bathrooms. {{quote}} The first episode show the getting of Fantozzi to office. Fantozzi, due to late because of a "tragic unforeseen"  he decide to catch the bus "from abowe" by jumping from the balcony and gripping race in full up to capacity, sliding off the edge all the passengers, who then chase him to try to beat him. He will make it, but he will end up making all the passenger which are already on the bus fall out. He will finally reach his office  in time, but he will faint after reaching the stamping machine. In the second episode, Fantozzi goes at the funeral of the mega-president of the industry  After the funeral, Fantozzi asks to Miss Silvani if she would like to go out and get a drink with him. She accepts but she will end up causing troubles to him, by insulting some rude drivers who were next to them. They will beat up Fantozzi, since they think it is immoral to punch a woman. He'll end up having his car destroyed. In third episode, Fantozzi plays in the football match organized by Filini between singles and marrieds. The players are followed by the respective "clerk cloud", famelic cluods that rain on the clerk when he's on holiday. After two autogols by Fantozzi and his mirage , the match will end up being cancelled due to torrential rain turning the playing field into a swamp. The previously match was win by married for 3 heart attacked to 2 drowned... In fourth episode, In the fourth episode, Filini convinced Fantozzi to buy a small motor boat, so the two go on a camping trip near a lake, but first of two police motorcyclists to receive no less than 100 basis lashes each for having wet "the Minister of Petroleum" from an unspecified Arab country on the boat with water discharged from Fantozzi's clerk cloud during the trip. Because of this little "mishap" the two arrive in camp late at night, where they are rebuked by a group of German tourists because they make too much noise downloading tent poles. In an attempt to pitch a tent, planting stakes, Filini pounds unintentionally  twice a finger Fantozzi, forcing him to avoid further reprimands by the Germans, to get away for more than a mile to make a monstrous scream of pain. The morning after clumsily trying to fish, eliciting laughter of the tourists come from Germany. During the fishing trip, pulling the power cord of the motor boat, Filini thrown into the water and then Fantozzi make the same with Filini. Following Fantozzi throws first in the lake the engine of the boat is sinking, and then planting in the hull in the water on a flag pole that was intended as a sail. Then they hire a rowing boat with two tons, but by taking a running start to throw the barrel, the lines get tangled and the two are linked at the bottom of the boat. During the day, the heat, they begin to hallucinate: Filini feels like Ulysses and the sirens Fantozzi is kept to her style, "mystical hallucinations" . Very thirsty and dehydrated, the two are also used to be mocked by the cloud that drains the water a few inches from the boat. In fifth episode, all the company employees' children have to go to the director's office and tell a poem they made up for Christmas. Fantozzi's daughter , despite creating a very original poem, will get insulted and made fun of, cause of her terrible ugliness. Fantozzi, realizing what is happening, storms in and just by looking at his supposed "superiors" manages to make them stare down in shame. After wishing them "merry christmas and happy new year" in a scathing tone he leads his daughter away. When she asks him why the people were calling her "Cita"  he tells her a white lie pretending they were actually comparing her to Cita Hayworth. This is one of the few episodes where we see the human and moral stature of Fantozzi. Sixth episode. It is New Year's Eve, and Fantozzi goes to a New Year's Eve party with his colleagues. Everything is a disaster: the waiter throws every plate over Fantozzi's dress, he falls through a window during the dance and the band leader rigs the clock  and runs away at half past ten. At midnight, someone throws a heavy cooking machine over Fantozzi's car, destroying it.