Two present-day actors, Javed Shaikh and Ajab Gul, have successfully graduated to direction with the former taking the lead. Shaikh has seven movies to his name, while the recently released Kyun Tum Se Itna Pyar Hai is Gul’s second outing as director. There are also other common factors between the two — both are essentially television products, continue acting in films and are romantically inclined in their approach to film-making. Gul’s Khoey Ho Tum Kahan was a love story. The title of his second film suggests another excursion in the same direction but its romantic content, making a sensational resurgence towards the end, is a thriller with break-neck momentum and exciting action. A positive aspect of these actors-directors’ work is their stress on quality. While a lot differentiates their films from other local productions, it is the technical value  that distinguishes their output. Also, they try to make films for all segments of society and provide wholesome entertainment that can be watched by viewers who have given up on local cinema. The film starts as a clash between good and evil, a landscape that marks cinema across the world. The pursuits are represented in the film by two individuals who are deeply committed to their way of life. The characters are brilliantly rendered by versatile artists Nadeem and Talat Hussain, with quiet assertiveness by the former and boisterousness and exuberance by the latter. The families of the two, a former judge  and ex-chief minister  are interlinked by nuptials, but do not serve as bonds. Talat is a power-hungry politician who stops at nothing — bribery, killings, abductions — to achieve his goals. He is under investigation and the man in charge of the case is Nadeem’s character, the traditional upstanding citizen and an upholder of values and justice. The only blemish in Nadeem’s life is two wives, one being Ajab Gul’s mother with whom he has a strained relationship. Police officer Babrak Shah by the other wife is acknowledged as his son and so the stepbrothers have a strong dislike for each other. They also share the love of the same girl  whose marriage to Babrak deepens the enmity and a sense of deprivation in Gul. The first half comprises well-knit, absorbing sequences that keep viewers on the edge of their seats, not only because of twists and turns in the narrative but also by forceful portrayals of characters by the two veteran actors. Talat Hussain adds another laurel to his credentials by effectively casting off the image of being a single dimension artist with pragmatically delivered ruthless villainy. In a manner of speaking, the two consummate artists make a negative contribution to the film because other than Gul, most players look wanting in comparison. The saving grace in the acting department is the bit roles by some known television and film actors such as Tahira Wasti and Nighat Chaudhry. Gul makes a tremendous and successful effort to match their histrionic talent but it is Babrak Shah, good looking with the right build to play the lead in our films, who has an extremely difficult time. Gul could also have done better by eschewing the Khal Nayak image and at times, gestures. The second-half of the film is almost pure action, fast-moving and lethal, but in the absence of major progression in the narrative, some footage tends to drag. Fortunately, the director, also the writer, tightens his hold in the end with a highly dramatic climax. The action and chase sequences have been expertly handled by cinematographer Waqar Bokhari, but could have been more slickly edited. The music has been composed by the writer, director and actor and one wishes he had hired a professional. The dances are well choreographed, but Sana who makes a special appearance could have been given a more sensational wardrobe for her number. Kyun Tum Se Itna Pyar Hai, however, is an action movie, a thriller extraordinary with which conventional entertainment does not gel well.