Luis, an unmarried, middle-aged, Barcelona businessman, carries out his mother’s dying wish to be buried in the family crypt in Segovia. He has her bones exhumed from a pantheon in Barcelona and heads by car to the Castilian city. In the middle of a lonely road, he stops and gets out of the car, recalling the same landscape at a moment in his childhood when he was being brought up to spend part of his summer vacation with his maternal grandmother in Segovia during the fateful summer of 1936. He sees his parents before him, trying to soothe him after a bout of carsickness. Just days before they were to pick him up, a military uprising cut Segovia off from the Republican part of Spain and Luis found himself trapped in the menacing environment of his mother’s Nationalist relatives for the duration of the war. After this first remembrance of his carsickness, Luis continues his journey. Arriving in Segovia, he makes contact with his aunt Pilar and his cousin Angélica, his sweetheart during his Segovian captivity. Angélica is now married to Anselmo, a successful businessman, and has a daughter of her own, also named Angélica, who is just about the age her mother was when she and Luis were sweethearts. The reunion rekindles old memories for Luis. In these remembrances, the past is not merely evoked, but reenacted with Luis literally entering a time warp. Characters Luis has met in the present appear to him playing the role of relatives he remembers thirty-six years earlier. The child Angélica of 1973, plays the role of her own mother, Luis’s cousin Angelica, as he thinks he remembers her from 1936; Anselmo is imagined as Angélica’s fascist father. When Luis recalls scenes from his childhood, he walks into them as the middle-aged man he is. Luis and Angélica meet in the attic, where they discover Luis’s old elementary school books and have a kiss in the rooftop, rekindling briefly their closeness. Reading his old school books, he remembers when he was in 1936 in a religious school in which a little boy is killed by shards of flying glass. The older Luis sits in his schoolroom listening to a priest tell a horror story about a little student, killed in an air raid, who may or may not be eternally damned depending on whether or not the boy had "given in to temptation" the morning he was killed. After his evocation of the school bombing, Luis has an emotional encounter with his cousin Angélica in which she speaks to him of her failed marriage. She intimates a reawakening of the affection she once had for Luis. However, this reinforces Luis’s determination to leave Segovia finally. After saying goodbye to his adult relatives, he goes for a bike ride with Angélica’s daughter, which triggers his memory of his thwarted escape with his cousin through Nationalist lines in an effort to rejoin his parents. They were promptly stopped by Falangist soldiers and forcedly returned to his uncle’s house to be punished. His uncle whips him with a belt. In the next room, Angélica’s mother is combing her hair; a tear rolls down one of her cheeks.