Two kids take a book from a trash can. They begin to read the story of a poor neighborhood in Mexico City. Carpenter Pepe "El Toro"  lives with his adopted daughter "Chachita"  and woos pretty Celia, known as "La Chorreada" . Around them, a group of people live their lives in many different ways: a pair of always-drunk women are known as "La Tostada"  and "La Guayaba" ; a beautiful woman  who always oversleeps, La que se levanta tarde ; and a mysterious hooker called La Tisica sick with tuberculosis and a dark past. After Pepe ends successfully some jobs he asks Chachita to save the money in a place only Chachita supposedly knows where it is, but without warning she lets to know the place to Don Pilar, step father of La Chorreada, who steals the money in front of La Paralitica, the sick mother of Pepe. When Pepe knows about the missing money becomes sad with Chachita because of her failure without knowing the truth. Later their friends are sent to jail because they rob some food and he began to work for Doña Merenciana in order to get some money to help them, but in the process he knows a mysterious man called Ledo that robs and kills Merenciana. Pepe El Toro finds the body and is accused by Montes, a rich man infatuated with Celia, for killing Merenciana and sends him to jail. In the vicinity, Don Pilar began to feel guilty over his actions as long as the angry sight of La Paralitica is hitting on his mind, until he became crazy and brutally hits La Paralitica. While, La Tisica tries to be closer to Chachita, but she rejects her attentions and became very ill. When Pepe learns that his mother went to the hospital he escapes the jail so he can be able to say farewell to her. At the same time La Tisica is also dying and the doctors are trying to help her, but a desperate Chachita became to scream at La Tisica because of the attentions she is receiving until an angry Pepe El Toro appears announcing Chachita that La Tisica is her mother. She has a tearful moment with her, but La Tisica dies, at the same time of La Paralitica, Pepe cries over her body and gives himself to the authorities. Back in jail, Pepe encounters again with Lido who tries to rob him a memento from his mother and both began to fight in a closed cell. Lido gains the upper hand but when he tries to stab Pepe, he counterattacks and stabs Lido in the eye making him to lose it. Pepe then gains the upper hand but instead of killing him he makes him go to the door and obliges him to confess that he killed Merenciana. Finally Pepe reunites with La Chorreada and Chachita and forms a family. At this point the poor kids stops watching the book and throw it through a trash can. This is the first installment of the first trilogy in Mexican cinema. It was followed by Ustedes los ricos  and Pepe El Toro . A fourth film, Ni pobres ni ricos, was never made due to the premature death of Pedro Infante.Source: Interview with Ismael Rodríguez in The Mexican Cinema: Interviews with Thirteen Directors, Beatriz Reyes Nevares, University of New Mexico Press, 1976.