Cheech & Chong's Next Movie opens with both men on a mission to siphon gasoline for their next door neighbor's car, which they apparently "borrowed," and continue with their day; Cheech goes to work at a movie studio and Chong searches for something to smoke , followed by him revving up an indoor motorcycle and playing extremely loud rock music with an electric guitar that disturbs the entire neighborhood. Cheech gets fired from his job and they go to see Donna, a welfare officer and Cheech's girlfriend. Cheech successfully seduces Donna, under her objections, and gets her in trouble with her boss. The doped-up duo are expelled from the building and, in an attempt to find alternative means of income start writing songs like, "Mexican Americans" and the more derogatory "Beaners." Cheech answers the phone to find Donna on the other end, sets up a date, and goes to tell Chong to get lost so he can clean the house and get ready for Donna. The phone rings again with Cheech thinking it's Donna and turns out to be Red, Cheech's "kinda" cousin, with money problems and a plea for help. Cheech asks Chong to pick up his cousin and hang out with him as Cheech informs him they have similar interests like "go to clubs," "get plenty of chicks," and "likes to get high." Chong heads off to the hotel where Red is staying and arrives to find him in a dispute with the receptionist  over how much the room is costing . The receptionist is holding his luggage, consisting of a boom-box, a suitcase, and a 20-pound canvas bag full of high-grade marijuana, hostage and Red can't afford the bill. They break into the room around the back and Red retrieves his luggage. Later, on the corner, a roller-skater invites them to a "party," which is in fact a brothel. They are kicked out of the place for causing too much commotion, sharing weed with the girls, and peeing in the jacuzzi. With one of the girls from the brothel accompanying them, they all go onto Sunset Boulevard in search of adventure and more highness. Later that night, they check out Red's weed fields out in the countryside and are abducted by aliens, along with several of the cannabis plants. Cheech meanwhile gets so pumped and excited about the date that he wears himself out and ends up sleeping through it, while dreaming about what might have happened. He wakes up in the morning to find Chong bursting in, dressed in what appears to be a cross between Genghis Khan and a Viking, holding a jar of "space coke", which Chong says, "It'll blow your head off." The "space coke" causes Cheech to go berserk and starts trashing their next door neighbor's house with a surprised Chong following after. The film ends with the duo bursting through their neighbor's roof into outer space, achieving the ultimate high and Chong dropping the "space coke" back to Earth for others to try.