It begins when Krishna  a young photographer and his girlfriend Sona  accidentally run down a young woman on their drive home after a night's party on a deserted stretch of East Coast Road, near Chennai. They decide to leave the dead body and drive away. Later Krishna discovers something strange when he finds a mysterious shadow that appears on the pictures he takes with his camera. Ever since the accident, Krishna has been experiencing shoulder and neck pains. He thinks that's just a bad picture, but then he realizes that there is something much more sinister behind the shadow on the picture frame and the extremely unsettling dreams. Unable to cope, they start investigating the phenomenon of the ghost appearing on the photographs, which leads to a discovery about Krishna's past, and a possible clue to the identity of their ghostly nemesis. As Sona goes to the college and starts taking pictures of the college and the library, Sona had found the girl that was hit on the road and was in the pictures, a young shy girl named Nandhini . As Krishna's friends have also committed suicide, by jumping off the buildings. Flashback reveals that Krishna had once dated Nandhini, as the relationship ended with Krishna dumping her and Nandhini cutting herself and. As she continues to haunt Krishna and Sona, they go and visit her mother, where it is revealed that there is a coffin near the shed with Nandhini's body inside in her mother's house and revealed that she committed suicide and her mother could not bear to cremate the body. Krishna is haunted by the girl, and ends up been thrown off a fire escape. Sona releases that, Krishna's friends had raped Nandhini and revealed the Krishna had taken the photos of the rape, so Sona leaves him. Still haunted by Nandhini, Krishna begins to take pictures around the apartment to find the Nandhini, as he throws the camera, the Polaroid takes by itself, as it's revealed that the mysterious neck pains were all from Nandhini sitting on his shoulders, as Krishna is thrown off the apartment. Sona visits Krishna, as door swings the reflection shows the Nandhini still sitting on his shoulders.