In this cartoon-within-a-cartoon, Bugs and Elmer are in the midst of their usual hunting-chasing scenario. After Bugs tricks Elmer into running through a hollow log and off a cliff three times , Elmer becomes enraged and frustrated that the writers never let him catch the rabbit in this picture. He tears up his Warner Bros. cartoon contract and walks off the set to devote his life to fishing, stunning Bugs, who piteously protests and effortlessly tries to ask him to reconsider. After a relaxing fishing trip all by himself, Elmer falls asleep. Bugs observes Elmer's nap and takes sleeping pills in order to rock Elmer's "dreamboat" by "invading" his dream and continuing to drive Elmer crazy when Bugs uses the "Nightmare Paint". Symbolic of his dreamland plight, Elmer appears nearly nude, wearing only his derby hat and a strategically placed "loincloth" consisting of a laurel wreath. The two resume their chase through a surreal landscape.  Elmer's anger at a failed pursuit through the surreal landscape, down connected rabbit holes, is promptly used against him. Bugs then forces Elmer into a slinky, form fitting bustier gown created from a length of green material Bugs pulls on screen from stage right. As the fabric wraps around Elmer's body, it reshapes Elmer into a "woman" with a complete feminine hourglass figure. Bugs adds a ringlet-styled wig and a poke to the abdomen as the final touch, the jab forces Elmer to lean forward, purse his lips so Bugs can apply red lipstick. Bugs inspects his handiwork, then introduces Elmer to a trio of literal wolves, lounging by the sign at Hollywood and Vine. Once the trio notice Elmer, one wolf hollers, right before another wolf begins flirting with Elmer. Bugs enjoys watching the male wolves hit on Elmer, making the hunter now the hunted in a new way. The attention of Elmer's male suitors causes him to act as a damsel in distress. Elmer grabs the hem of his gown pulling it up, revealing that his feet are now clad in open toed high heels, then begins fleeing from the wolves, who give chase. In an attempt to "help", Bugs persuades Elmer to follow a mad dash towards stage right, as Bugs plays the old gag "run 'this way'!", putting Elmer through a bizarre series of steps which include running on his feet, flipping upside down to run on his hair , hopping like a frog, as well as Russian folk dancing. As Bugs and Elmer dive off a cliff, Bugs drinks some "Hare Tonic " and screeches to a halt in mid-air, while the dream Elmer continues to careen toward earth, finally crash-landing into the real Elmer's snoozing body as he wakes up with a start. Elmer dashes back to the cartoon's original set, pieces his Warner contract back together, and agrees to finish what he started. The chase through the log begins anew. Bugs faces the audience in a closeup, closing with the catchphrase from the "Beulah" character on the radio show Fibber McGee and Molly,{{cite web}} "Ah love dat man!"