The film starts off in an urban neighborhood in Queens, the events are narrated by Zacharias 'Ziggy' Malone , who introduces his former classmates/friends at Lincoln High School: Lester DeWitt , who lost his father; and hard-working Latino student Stephanie Williams , who is ignoring Lester due to the fact that she does not want to go steady with him. Other characters include gangster/thug Rodney  who gets into fights with other students; rebellious classmate Lynn  who is already a couple of months pregnant; and Rivers , a close friend of Lester and Ziggy. The film later introduces police officer Dante Jackson  as he tries to arrest Lester after a misunderstanding, and Ken Knowles , a kind, warm-hearted teacher whose class covers significant 20th century events. When the classroom's windows are broken by rocks, Mr. Knowles takes them to the principal's office, where Principal Allen Armstrong  tells Knowles to take them "anywhere". Since there is no space anywhere in the school, Knowles and the kids go to a local diner, where a robbery takes place. Knowles confronts the robber, who was a former student that dropped out of school. Principal Armstrong is infuriated by what Knowles has done, and puts him on administrative leave. Lester, Stephanie and Ziggy are at the main office as Knowles leaves the school. Stephanie is disgusted that Principal Armstrong has ignored that he told Knowles to "take the class anywhere", Stephanie and Lester are suspended from school and Principal Armstrong calls in Officer Jackson to remove all of them. Ziggy decides to leave but Officer Jackson restrains him. This event is witnessed by other students at the school and soon everything turns into a small riot. Lester tries to resist Officer Jackson and loses, but Ziggy picks up Officer Jackson's dropped Glock 19 pistol and says "I [Ziggy] cannot go home." The reason for this, is because Ziggy has been physically abused by his father for many years. Officer Jackson tries to restrain Ziggy but gets accidentally shot in the leg as he grabs for his gun. Principal Armstrong tells school security to call an ambulance and the N.Y.P.D. in order to arrest Ziggy. Lester then grabs the gun and orders everyone to evacuate the school. This finally forces the N.Y.P.D. detectives to come in, led by Detective Audrey McDonald  as a negotiator. In the middle of all of this, there is a subplot in which Lynn berates Stephanie for being a "goody-two shoes", and a fight in the school's library that includes Rivers and Rodney, as well as Officer Jackson fleeing from Rodney and the others after knocking him out to use the bathroom. Another notable subplot was Ziggy showing everyone his artistic talents, such being a mural of himself and others on a classroom wall. Still waiting after a couple of hours, the group continues to hold Officer Dante Jackson against his will. Lester tells Dante about his how his father  was gunned down during a wrongful arrest. In the next few scenes, Rivers, Lynn, Rodney, Ziggy, Stephanie, and Lester are all becoming infamous across New York City, as they are exposed and identified on such networks such as BET, NBC, NY1 and CBS, as well as MTV, as well being announced on radio. Debate continues as the events taking place, until Detective McDonald and her colleague  debate on getting the kids something, which after several hours of stalling, the electricity being shut down at the school and the SWAT team busting in on the others as Lester takes Officer Jackson on top of the roof, and resents for what has happened to his father, Officer Jackson says its gonna be okay, with the police up in the helicopter, it goes horribly wrong when Ziggy comes to the roof and is shot down by the police. The remaining surviving teens are taken into custody shortly after. At the film reaches it's climax, The narrator tells about what happened to the kids and officer: Officer Jackson testified in court and falsely told lawyers that the whole thing it not go down as the media have protrayed it. This giving the kids a less sentence. Lester, spent two years in state prison and has gone off to a city college, Stephanie spent one year in prison and went to study at St. John's University, Lynn was sentenced to one year in prison, but was released earlier due to having her baby boy  and is never heard from again, Rodney spends an unknown amount of time in prison and becomes a Muslim, Rivers is forced to join the military, due to the judge having him spent years in prison due to his priors or join the army. Mr. Knowles has been rehired back to the school and still teaches history. The end also shows Lester and Stephanie looking a painting that was crafted by Ziggy, just before he was killed.