Porky and the Barnyard Dawg  are hunting ducks. Daffy sneaks up behind them in a giant fake duck and empties the gunpowder from their shells, then walks off with a silly laugh and the phrase "Duck hunters is the cwaziest peoples!" . Daffy taunts Porky into shooting at him. Porky shoots at Daffy but turns out to have missed him . Daffy again taunts Porky by breaking out into a can-can dance and bending over to reveal a bulls-eye painted on his backside, accompanied with singing. Before bending, the singing ends with "Put down your old bareen and the wine away like water!". Porky shoots at Daffy again, whereupon Daffy pretends to have been shot, but leaves the scene. Porky sends his dog to get Daffy, and the dog decides to trick Daffy, crying loudly that Porky will torture him if he doesn't come back with a duck. Daffy agrees to let the dog "capture" him, plus pretend he's dead and carry him back to Porky. Once they get back to Porky's house, Porky throws Daffy in the freezer and goes upstairs for a nap. Once out of sight, Daffy starts knocking on the freezer door to be let out. After a brief fight between his good and bad conscience, the dog lets Daffy out of the freezer. Daffy tries to leave the house---claiming, in a non sequitur, "There's a guy waitin' for me!"---but is blocked by the dog. After making a bunch of noise, Daffy jumps into the dog's mouth just as Porky comes to see what all the noise is about. Upon coming down, Porky thinks the dog is trying to steal the duck for himself, and subsequently beats him. Porky then throws Daffy back in the freezer. The dog now wants to get revenge against Daffy, but Daffy continues to act silly around him . When Porky appears, wondering what all the noise is about, Daffy once again jumps into the dog's mouth. A furious Porky once again thinks his dog is stealing Daffy, and pounds him once again. Porky then places Daffy back into the freezer. Finally, the dog has had enough and grabs an axe to finish Daffy off. After a chase through the house, Porky, called his dog Benedict Arnold and finally having enough of the dog's shenanigans, comes in and threatens the dog's life if Daffy isn't in the freezer. Porky opens the freezer, but both are shocked when Daffy, dressed as Santa Claus, jumps out and starts singing "Jingle Bells". Both Porky and the dog start singing along, until Porky sees that the current month is April. Porky knocks Daffy down and is ready to use the axe until he sees a stamp on Daffy: "Do not open 'till Xmas." Daffy smiles at the camera and says, "Christmas—by then, I'll figure a way out of this mess!". The cartoon irises out around his right eye which closes, completing the iris out.