Anna  has been in a psychiatric institution for ten months, following her suicide attempt after her terminally-ill mother died in a boathouse fire. Now, she is being discharged and has no memory of the actual fire, although she is frequently plagued by nightmares from that night. While packing, Anna is startled by a disturbing, talkative patient who stays in the room across from hers. Shortly after, she leaves with her father, Steven , a writer who has dedicated his latest book to Anna and her sister. At home, Anna reunites with her sister, Alex ,with whom she is very close. The sisters stand against Steven's girlfriend Rachel , who had been their mother's live-in nurse. Alex criticizes Steven for sleeping with Rachel while the girls' mother was still alive and sick in bed, but her comments fall on deaf ears. Anna describes to Alex how scenes from her dreams have started happening while she is awake. The sisters become convinced that the hallucinations are messages from their mother, telling them that she had been murdered by Rachel. Anna catches up with her old boyfriend Matt , who tells her that he saw what happened the night of her mother's death. The two secretly plan to meet that night, but he inexplicably fails to show up and Anna returns home. In her room, Anna awakens to find him climbing into her window, saying that she needs to know the truth and that he had a warning from her mother. Suddenly, his body grotesquely warps, his back breaking. Anna flees from the room in fear but when she opens the door, he is gone. The next morning, Matt's dead body is pulled out of the water, his back broken just the way Anna saw it. The police state he fell and drowned. After the sisters are unable to find a record of Rachel with the State Nursing Association, they conclude she is actually Mildred Kemp, a nanny who killed the three children she was paid to care for because she had an obsession with their widowed father. They try to warn their father, but he brushes off their concerns and leaves for work. In desperation, the girls try to gather evidence against Rachel to show the police but Rachel catches them and sedates Alex. Anna escapes and goes to the local police station, but they are disbelieving of her claims and call Rachel to take her home. As Rachel puts Anna in bed, Anna sees Alex in the doorway with a knife. Alex tells her to stay silent and Anna passes out. When she wakes up, she finds that Alex has killed Rachel and thrown her body in the dumpster. Relieved, the girls comfort each other. When their father drives up, horrified at the scene, Anna, holding hands with Alex, explains that Rachel tried to murder them but Alex saved them by killing Rachel. Confused, Steven tells Anna that Alex died in the fire along with their mother. Anna looks down to find that she is not holding her sister's hand, but the bloody knife used to kill Rachel. Anna finally remembers what happened on the night of the fire: After catching her father and Rachel together having sex, Anna filled a watering can from a large gasoline tank in the boathouse and carried it toward the house, intending to burn it down. However, she spilled a trail of gasoline that ignited when a candle fell over. Her mother was killed in the resulting explosion, as was Alex. It is revealed here that Anna has symptoms of both severe schizophrenia and dissociative identity disorder. Flashbacks reveal that Alex was never actually there and was a hallucination of Anna's throughout the film. She remembers killing Matt  by letting him fall into the water and break his back. She also remembers killing Rachel. The police are called to arrest Anna for murder. When Steven is questioned, he reveals that Rachel changed her last name years ago to escape an abusive boyfriend. The police ask why Anna would make up the Mildred story, but Steven remains speechless. At the mental institution, Anna is welcomed back by the patient that scared her earlier, whose name plate on the door says "Mildred Kemp".