In 1700 in Nevers, France, a skilled swordsman named Lagardère  challenges Duke Philippe de Nevers  to a friendly duel in order to learn his secret lethal maneuver known as the "Nevers Attack". Nevers agrees and quickly dispatches the upstart whom he soon befriends. Nevers learns that he has a "son" by Blanche de Caylus—a fact previously concealed by his cousin and would-be heir, the wicked Comte de Gonzague . That night Nevers escapes an assassination attempt by Gonzague's men. Determined to claim his bride, Nevers leaves for Caylus with Lagardère along as his escort. They are followed by Gonzague and his men who plan to murder Nevers before he can marry Blanche and claim his son and heir. Along the way Nevers teaches Lagardère the "Nevers Attack"—an acrobatic sleight of hand that ends with a blade between the opponent's eyes. Soonafter, they spot the assassins, and Lagardère is able to delay the attackers long enough to allow Nevers to reach Caylus and marry Blanche. The newlyweds' happiness, however, is short-lived. When Gonzague and his men arrive at Caylus, they murder the entire wedding party. Lagardère arrives, and after a lengthy swordfight, Nevers is fatally stabbed by a masked Gonzague, who is "branded" on the hand by Lagardère. With his dying breath, Nevers implores Lagardère to avenge him and look after his infant child. Lagardère flees Caylus with the infant and finds refuge in the mountains in an abandoned farmhouse, where he discovers that the "son" is in fact a girl named Aurore. Gonzague's men track Lagardère to his mountain hideaway looking to kill Nevers' rightful heir. Lagardère and Aurore escape with the help of a band of strolling players who convince the pursuing killers that Lagardère and Aurore have plunged to their deaths in a mountain torrent. After Gonzague's men leave, Lagardère and Aurore join up with the strolling players. Back in Nevers, after attending the funeral of her daughter—the coffin actually contains a wax doll—Blanche retires to a convent, and the evil Gonzague is named executor of her estate. Sixteen years later, Lagardère and Aurore  are still with the players. After witnessing Lagardère defend her against three outlaws using sophisticated swordplay with a stick, Aurore asks about his past. Lagardère keeps his past hidden, but he teaches her the "Nevers Attack". One night after a performance, Aurore is taken to a party given by one of Gonzague's men, Louis-Joseph, and is soon assaulted by the host. Using fencing skills she learned from her father, Aurore escapes her attacker, killing him using the "Nevers Attack". When Gonzague learns how his "finest blade" was killed, he suspects that Aurore is still alive; his suspicions are confirmed when Aurore's tomb is opened revealing a decayed wax doll. Gonzague then orders his men to find and kill her. Lagardère sets out to plan his revenge on Gonzague. After revealing to Aurore that she is the daughter of the late Duke of Nevers, he gains employment as Gonzague's secretary disguised as a hunchback, makes contact with Blanche revealing that her daughter is alive, and then engineers a stock market raid on shares in the Mississippi Company supposedly on behalf of Gonzague—in fact he purchases the stock using gold provided by Blanche for her daughter's benefit. When Aurore is captured by Gonzague's men, Lagardère executes a daring rescue. That night, the Regent Philippe d'Orléans arrives prepared to name Gonzague a royal agent to the Louisiana Territory. The ceremony is interrupted, however, by Lagardère who escorts Aurore into the hall, introducing her as the majority holder of the Mississippi Company stock. Lagardère then discards his disguise and accuses Gonzague of murdering Duke Philippe de Nevers. As proof he exposes Gonzague's hand—the one he branded at the scene of the crime. In the swordfight that follows, Lagardère kills Gonzague using the "Nevers Attack". Aurore then instructs Lagardère to kiss her, and the two embrace each other.