 Endless warfare and environmental pollution has resulted in dangerous kaiju and the Earth Defense Force  is created to protect the planet. The organization is equipped with the best technology, weapons and soldiers, as well as mutants with special abilities. Godzilla is the EDF's only unstoppable opponent. The EDF's best combat vehicle, the Gotengo, corners Godzilla at the South Pole and buries him under the Antarctic ice, freezing him alive. Several years later, the EDF discovers a mummified space monster. Mutant soldier Shinichi Ozaki and United Nations biologist Dr. Miyuki Otonashi are sent to research it. Shortly thereafter, the two encounter the Shobijin, fairies of the guardian monster Mothra, who reveal that the monster is Gigan, an alien cyborg sent to destroy Earth 12,000 years earlier. They also warn that a battle between good and evil will happen soon. Monsters appear in major cities on Earth and the EDF attempts to drive them away. Despite defeating Ebirah, the EDF is unsuccessful in destroying the monsters. The monsters include Anguirus in Shanghai, Rodan in New York City, King Caesar in Okinawa, Kamacuras in Paris, Kumonga in Arizona, Zilla in Sydney and Ebirah near Tokyo. After destroying most of the cities, the monsters vanish and an enormous alien mothership appears over Tokyo. The Xiliens say that they are friendly and had eliminated the monsters. They also warn the Earth about an impending asteroid called Gorath that will impact soon. Because of their seemingly friendly nature, the UN is disbanded and the Space Nations, an alliance to unite the universe, is organized. Ozaki, Miyuki, the Gotengo{{'}}s captain Douglas Gordon and several others distrust the aliens. Using research and undercover work, they discover that the Xiliens are actually the ones who unleashed the monsters, and they replaced several members of the EDF with android duplicates. They plan on subjugating humanity to harvest their mitochondria for food. The Xiliens are exposed on television. Opposed to the Xilien commander's decision to subtly take over Earth, the alien's subordinate, the Regulator, kills the commander and assumes control of Earth's mutants, except for Ozaki. The monsters are again released in Earth's major cities. Ozaki, Miyuki, Gordon, and others flee to their secret facility. On Mt. Fuji, a hunter and his grandson discover Minilla, Godzilla's son. They are successful in keeping a low profile and hiding from the Xiliens' assault. Gordon proposes freeing Godzilla to allow the dinosaur to defeat the other monsters. Using the Gotengo, the EDF goes to Antarctica while being chased by Gigan. After Godzilla is released from his hibernation, he kills Gigan, and follows the Gotengo. The Gotengo returns for Tokyo, hoping Godzilla will unwittingly defeat the Xiliens. The Xiliens send the controlled monsters after Godzilla, but he defeats them in short battles. The Gotengo and Godzilla arrive at Tokyo, whereupon the Gotengo enters the mothership. During the battle Ozaki's friend Kazama destroys the Mothership's shield generator at the cost of his own life. Meanwhile, the asteroid strikes Godzilla. Monster X materializes and starts to battle Godzilla. Gigan, who has now been upgraded, aids Monster X, but Mothra arrives to engage him into battle. Inside the Xilien mothership, the humans confront the Xilien Regulator. Ozaki is revealed to be a "Keizer", an all powerful being capable of controlling Earth. Deciding to stay with the humans, Ozaki fights the Xilien Regulator, who is also a Keizer. After an extended battle, the humans are victorious and flee the Mothership's destruction. With Mothra who destroys Gigan, Godzilla continues his battle with Monster X, who mutates into Keizer Ghidorah. Keizer Ghidorah initially has an advantage over Godzilla using lightning to overpower him and drain Godzilla's power through its teeth. Ozaki aids Godzilla by transferring some of his Keizer powers over to the monster and Godzilla prevails over Ghidorah. He then turns to attack the Gotengo, but a now much larger Minilla stops him. Godzilla turns to leave with Minilla following. In the credits, Mothra returns to her island while Godzilla and Minilla swim back to their home island as Godzilla lets out one final roar.