Dil Maange More is the story of Nikhil Mathur’s  quest for true love. His passions are his village Samarpur and soccer. He is desperate to fall in love with one woman but ends up with three women in his arms ready to swear undying love for him. He is first shown in love with Neha , his girlfriend of four years. Neha, an ambitious girl, leaves their village to go to Mumbai to become a flight attendant. Nikhil follows her to bring her back. In Mumbai, Nikhil bumps into Shagun . Though the two part ways, fate has something else in store for them, as he starts living above Shagun's house. The next day, Nikhil tries to convince Neha to return; he does not succeed. As luck would have it, he lands a job in a music store, which is run by A.R. Rehman  , exactly opposite the institute where Neha is training. There, he meets coworker Sarah  . Nikhil keeps trying to convince Neha but only gets rejection. He eventually ends up falling in love with Sarah as well. However, Sarah's ex-boyfriend comes and takes her away, which disheartens Nikhil. When he is invited to Shagun's home, he reads her computer diary and learns that she is actually in love with him. He proposes to Shagun and she accepts, but things turn as Neha returns, wanting him back. When Shagun sees Neha hugging Nikhil, she leaves, and Nikhil breaks up with Neha. A.R. Rehman then fixes Shagun up with Nikhil but Sarah also comes, saying she left her boyfriend for him. She hugs him and again, Shagun sees them and goes berserk. One day, A.R. Rehman arranges a party at a yacht; all the girls attend. They argue, and all three fall in the water. Nikhil quickly goes to help but only saves Shagun. Meanwhile, Nikhil, thinking that he has lost Shagun forever, returns to Samarpur. Shagun finally realizes that Nikhil really loves her and follows him to Samarpur, where the two decide to live there happily ever after. As Shagun is confessing her love, we see Neha, Sarah, and A.R. Rehman saying that their plan was successful, implying that everything was just an act to get Nikhil and Shagun together.