The story follows Cinderella : a beautiful girl who is forced to do all the chores by her wicked stepmother and two stepsisters with only her dog Rufus to help her. At the palace, King Goshposh  is bored and wishes to throw a party so that he may be given presents. As an excuse, he decides that his son, Prince Arthur Charming ([[Robin Ward , ought to wed and use the ball as a means to find a suitable princess bride. Arthur does not like this arrangement and while gardening explains to his friend Kermit the Frog  that every girl who knows him is a snob. His only hope to find an unsnobbish girl is to find a girl who does not recognize him as the prince. Shortly after, Cinderella meets Arthur in the gardens as she is fulfilling a task given to her by her stepmother . Seeing that Cinderella does not recognize him as prince, he introduces himself as Arthur the gardener and secures an invitation for her by convincing his father to invite every person in the land to the ball rather than just the princesses . Because the ball is a masquerade, Arthur and Cinderella decide to each wear a geranium as a means of recognizing the other. The night of the ball, the stepfamily leave with a gift of old socks for the king. Cinderella is only allowed to attend if she finishes her chores, and finds a suitable dress, carriage, and coachman for the ball before the last minute . When Cinderella dreams of attending the dance as well, her fairy godmother appears . In a rare instance of her magic working, the godmother provides Cinderella with a beautiful dress and glass slippers. She convinces Kermit to drive the carriage . The carriage is pulled by Kermit's monster friend Splurge, after he accidentally scares away all the horses. The godmother warns Cinderella to be home by twelve and attends the ball as well, to make sure the deadline is met. Unfortunately, the King decided to give all guests a geranium to wear so Arthur and Cinderella are unable to recognize each other. When they dance, Cinderella knows Arthur only as "Prince Charming" and he knows her only as a mysterious maiden. At the stroke of midnight, the fairy godmother and Cinderella run from the palace leaving behind only one glass slipper, which the prince accidentally smashes. Determined to force Arthur to marry the "mysterious maiden", the king first hires all his horses and men  to put the slipper back together and - when that is unsuccessful—look in all the unlikely places for the other glass slipper. Cinderella learns of this plan and though she realizes that she is the maiden they are searching for, she wishes to marry Arthur the gardener and not the prince. She convinces Rufus to bury the slipper, only for the prince to arrive and for Cinderella to realize that he and the gardener are the same person. She tries to explain that she's the mysterious princess, yet no one believes her. Finally, the fairy godmother appears, but in an attempt to turn Cinderella's rags back into the ball gown, Cinderella vanishes. In the meantime, Kermit and Splurge return the slipper. After a number of times, Cinderella appears in ball regalia, and she and the prince are finally married . Afterwards, Kermit has received an personal invitation regarding a wedding of the Prince and his new bride. Sitting by a well and reading it, it includes he must bring a present for king. After reading it, he remarks "How's that for a Happily ever after?" before jumping backwards into the well.