On the lunar colony Little America, retired smuggler Pluto Nash  purchases a nightclub to prevent its owner, Anthony Frankowski , from being murdered by his creditors Gino  and Larry  for his terrible singing and club's unpopularity. Seven years later, "Club Pluto" is operated by Nash and his android Bruno , an old model 63+. Frankowski, under the alias "Tony Francis", has become an interplanetary star despite his inability to sing. One night in the club Nash is approached by Dina Lake , a young woman stranded on the Moon, who offers to perform in exchange for her passage to Earth. He instead gives her a position as a server. Meanwhile, Nash meets with messengers of the mysterious entrepreneur Rex Crater, who offers to buy Club Pluto. When Nash refuses they destroy the whole club, but Nash, Dina and Bruno escape while being shot at. Nash learns from his old friend Rowland , a retired policeman, that Rex Crater never leaves his penthouse in Moon Beach and works with the late Dr. Runa Pendankin, a geneticist specializing in cloning. Later, Rowland is killed by one of Carter's assailants. Nash and Dina visit Dr. Pendankin's apprentice, Mona Zimmer , who operates a cosmetic surgery station. Zimmer, intimidated by Nash, states that Dr. Pendankin was working with a Earth criminal who has a suitcase with the initials "WZW". Nash and Dina return to their hotel, where they are again attacked by Crater's assassins. Nash steals a car with an AI computer named James , and takes Dina and Bruno to his old hideout outside of the colony. There, Nash searches the internet for any Earth criminals with the initials "WZW". When he finds nothing, Dina suggests that the initials were an inverted "MZM"; Nash discovers "Michael Zoroaster Marucci" , whom he suspects is actually Rex Crater. The hideout is then attacked by Crater's agents, but they escape by jumping their car across a canyon. The car is damaged and explodes, causing the attackers to assume they are dead. Nash and Dina begin to walk to the nearest colony, but they run out of air and pass out. Bruno begins to carry them, but his battery eventually runs out. They are rescued by Felix Laranga  a smuggler who idolizes Pluto Nash as his role-model, and he takes them to Moon Beach. At Moon Beach, Nash asks Tony Francis to help him get into Crater's penthouse; but they, and later Bruno and Dina, are captured by Crater's agents. In the penthouse, Nash accuses Rex Crater of being Michael Marucci, whereupon Rex reveals that he is actually a clone of Nash himself, created by Dr. Pendankin to be a public face of Michael Marucci's illegal activities. But he later murdered both Marucci and the doctor. Crater and Nash later fight for possession of a gun; and when Nash, as a ruse, fires on Bruno, Crater's men fire on their employer by mistake. Nash then orders Crater's men to leave and reveals who he is to Dina; and Bruno reveals that he is wearing a bulletproof vest under his clothes. Crater, also wearing a bulletproof vest, suddenly attempts to garotte Nash, but is thrown thrown through a window. landing far below on a card table where Felix is gambling. Later, the heroes celebrate in the newly rebuilt Club Pluto, with Nash as the owner, Dina as the lead singer, and Bruno as the new club manager.