Rajesh Malhotra  is the son of a wealthy businessman Dhanraj Malhotra . However, he is not happy at his home since his father does not let him live his life his way. He escapes from his home and reaches Europe. Meena  is the granddaughter of Dinanath  and has secured a scholarship to study in Europe. She travels to Europe with her aunt Shannu . In the beginning of the movie, Govinda is shown getting dressed up in his car itself on the way to his office to save time. This scene is taken from The Trouble with Mr. Bean, an episode from the Mr.Bean television series. Rajesh and Meena meet and fall in love. Dhanraj Malhotra reaches Europe in search of his son with assistant Sharma  and discovers his son is in love. They return back to India so that Rajesh and Meena can get married. However, destiny has something else in store for them. As Dhanraj is on his way to discuss about his son's marriage, he accidentally splashes sludge on a pedestrian and both end up quarreling. To Dhanraj's surprise, the pedestrian unfortunately turns out to be Dinanath himself, who, raged with the incident, refuses to Dhanraj's proposal of his son's marriage. Dinanath's house has a problem. They are a joint family and recently the servant Babu  ran away. They are now in search for a new servant. Rajesh, on realising that his father did a mess up of the meeting with Dinanath, decides to disguise as a servant named Raju and work at Dinanath's home. Everybody in that home has some problem or the other, which Raju  solves through his wit. Dinanath's elder son Vidya Nath  is teacher in a local college, but is always late and bears the College Principal's brunt. Raju helps him when he is about to be transferred. Diannath's second son , is an insurance agent but does not have many customers. Raju helps him by asking all employees in his father's office to open insurance policies with Vidya Nath. The younger son, Pappi  is a struggling music composer. Raju makes him prepare some good music which he uses as his own and gets a break for a film's music. The elder daughter, Shanno is not in good terms with her husband, so stays away from him in her father's home. Raju makes her meet her husband and unites them again. The younger granddaughter, Dimple  is a party animal. Raju one day saves her from few rowdies and she turns into a homely girl. Dinanath is impressed with Raju's acts but one day he finds some valuables missing from his house. Police arrive and find Dhanraj, in the guise of a Chowkidar , hiding behind the fridge. Raju and Dhanraj are insulted by the family members and are about to be taken away when Meena reveals Raju's true identity and the sacrifices he has been through for his love. Dinanath realises of Meena and Raju's true love for each other. In the last scene, as he is going in his car along with Meena to Dhanraj's place, Dhanraj comes along with Rajesh in their way and nearby sludge comes splashing over Dhanraj, thus completing Dinanath's revenge. Rajesh and Meena get married.