Greta  is seventeen. She is bright and beautiful. She is also rebellious as a consequence of her turbulent home life. She arms herself with sarcasm that barely disguises her hurt. Pushed aside by her mother, Karen , who is on her third marriage and counting, Greta is shipped off to her grandparents for the summer. She is not happy about it and neither are her grandparents. In fact, she tells them that she fully intends to kill herself before the summer is over and compiles a notebook of suicide methods. Greta's snarky ways result in her being offered a job as a waitress at a local seafood restaurant. While working there, her odd sense of humour makes her attractive to many customers. Greta falls for a charismatic short-order cook named Julie . When he reveals to her that he was once incarcerated in a juvenile correctional facility for stealing cars, Greta is even more attracted to him because of his ambitions. Jule tells her that his experience made him determined to do something positive with his life and he attempts to convince Greta to not give up on hers. He is alarmed when he sees Greta's'suicide list.' Although Greta's grandparents Katherine  and Joseph ([[Michael Murphy  are initially concerned about her boyfriend's criminal past, Julie proves himself worthy of their trust and demonstrates that he truly does care for Greta. Joseph shows Julie how much he does trust in him, by telling him about Greta's father, who had committed suicide in front of Greta when she was very young. Julie also showcases his respect for Greta when she attempts to lose her virginity to Julie. She does not succeed because he tells her he will not be one of the thing she checks off of her 'To Do List' and that it has to be another time. While the four are out sailing in Joseph's boat, Greta tries to drown herself. When Julie rescues her, the fright causes Katherine to have a mild heart attack. Katherine is given a positive prognosis by a doctor and she and her husband stay the night at the local hospital. Julie is mad at Greta, telling her that she should appreciate the life she has. The near catastrophe gives Greta a wake-up call and shows her how deeply her own actions impact those around her. Once Katherine gets back from the hospital, Greta is determined to show her how sorry she is, which she does by engaging in gardening duties. Katherine, however, is still furious at her, telling Greta she does not even know what she is sorry about. She and Greta have a heart to heart conversation, although they are interrupted by Greta's mother, Karen, and her current husband, who have come to take Greta to a summer boot camp. The Grandparents are schocked at Karen's abrasive behaviour. Greta runs away to talk to Julie who tells her that she is indeed, very messed up, but a boot camp will never help her if she doesn't want to help herself. Julie's advice calms Greta and she returns to the house to find her mother has already packed up her things. In a struggle to stay  and a struggle to leave , Joseph arrives and interrupts them all telling Karen that Greta does not need a bootcamp, she needs love, and that both Greta and Karen will be staying with them. The three women bond looking at old pictures and the film ends with Greta leaving her suicide notebook in the ocean and in a voice over  thanking her for letting her stay for the rest of the summer with her Grandparents. MySpace.com - Greta - OCEAN GROVE - www.myspace.com/greta_2008