{{Plot}} In the last days of December 1999, Los Angeles has become a dangerously volatile war zone. As a group of criminals rob a Chinese restaurant, the event is recorded by a robber wearing a 'SQUID', or "Superconducting Quantum Interference Device", which records events directly from the wearer's cerebral cortex, and when played back through a MiniDisc-like device allow a user to experience the recorder's memory as if was his or her own. Lenny Nero  is a former LAPD officer turned black marketeer who deals in bootleg SQUID recordings. His main supplier, Tick , tries to sell the robbery clip to him. Lenny initially refuses, due to the recording ending with the wearer's death, but eventually agrees to buy it at a reduced price, intending to edit it. Meanwhile, a call girl named Iris  is being chased by two police officers as she flees to the subway, jumping aboard one of the trains. As the train departs, one of the officers shatters a window and grabs Iris; her wig is pulled off as she struggles, revealing a SQUID recorder headset inside. While Lenny acts smooth with his clients, in private he pines for his ex-girlfriend Faith , while relying on his two best friends, bodyguard Lornette "Mace" Mason  and private investigator Max Peltier , for emotional support. Mace's relationship with Lenny is strained, due to her unrequited feelings for him and her disapproval of his SQUID-dealing business. While the three are drinking together at a bar, Iris arrives, drops a disc through the sunroof of Lenny's car and attempts to explain her predicament to him, but flees when she sees police nearby. Lenny's illegally-parked car is towed away before Lenny can find the disc. Hours later, Lenny receives a "blackjack"  SQUID from an anonymous sender, and watches in horror as Iris gets brutally raped and strangled to death. Disturbed by the recording and Iris's warnings about Faith's safety, Lenny tries to get Faith away from her new boyfriend, music industry mogul Philo Gant , but to no avail. Lenny later receives more snuff tapes. He and Mace discover that the deaths are tied to a cover-up of the murder of rapper and social commentator Jeriko One  and one of his band mates by two renegade LAPD officers. As they are hunted by the two policemen, Burton Steckler and Dwayne Engelman , Lenny discovers that Iris witnessed  the murders. Lenny, Mace, and Max meet at Tick's on New Year's Eve, only to discover that Tick has been rendered brain-dead from exposure to highly amplified SQUID recordings. Mace insists that the truth behind Jeriko's murder go public, but Max insinuates that if it did, the city would destroy itself from within. Lenny concludes that the assault on Tick was committed by the same person that killed Iris and fears Faith will be next. Lenny and Mace confront Faith about the truth behind Jeriko's death. Faith mentions that Philo has been monitoring his inner circle. Concerned that Jeriko might be looking for a new manager, Philo hired Iris to spy on him. Realizing that Philo must have ordered the killer to murder Iris, Lenny convinces Faith to escape with them, but Philo's henchmen stop them. As midnight approaches, Lenny and Mace sneak into a private New Year's party at the Bonaventure Hotel that Philo is hosting for the city's wealthy elite. Lenny gives the disk to Mace so she can deliver it to Deputy Police Commissioner Palmer Strickland . Upon entering Philo's penthouse suite, Lenny finds another SQUID disk which shows Faith apparently being raped and killed. Refusing to watch anymore, Lenny finds a body covered in bedsheets and pulls the sheets aside to find Philo, whose brain has been overwhelmed in the same manner as Tick's. Lenny watches the remainder of the clip and discovers the killer is Max. He only pretended to kill Faith and it becomes apparent that the two have become lovers. In the clip, Philo enters the room and Max forces him to run the amplified recording. After the clip ends, Max and Faith enter the room. Max disarms Lenny and shoots Philo with Lenny's gun, explaining that he set Philo up because he wanted to have Faith killed for what she knew about Jeriko One's death, and that he now intends to frame Lenny for Philo's murder. As Max is about to shoot Lenny, Faith has a change of heart and attacks Max. In the ensuing fight, Lenny tries to throw Max off the balcony and Max grabs Lenny's necktie, leaving both of them dangling from the railing over the street below. Lenny manages to pull Max's knife out of his shoulder  and cut his tie off, and Max falls to his death. Outside the hotel, Mace is pursued by Steckler and Engelman. She manages to subdue both of them, cuffing them to a scaffold, only for other nearby police officers to brutally beat her, triggering a riot in the crowd. Commissioner Strickland appears and restores order, having watched the recording of the murders, and orders the two officers arrested. As they are read their rights, Engelman grabs a pistol from one of the officers and commits suicide, and Steckler is gunned down by the police when he tries to shoot Mace. As Lenny and Mace are being treated for their wounds, Faith is arrested for Philo's murder. At the stroke of midnight , Lenny and Mace share a passionate kiss.