Known by few, there exists an elite corp of international bodyguards based in China. Allan Hui Ching-yeung  is one of their most promising members known for his highly unorthodox methods, such as pointing a gun at a client's head. Although his methods are anti-trust building, his decisions are usually right. When a wealthy man's  girlfriend, Michelle Yeung  becomes the only surviving  witness of a mob murder, Allan  is hired to deal with the many attempts on her life. After isolating her completely in her penthouse with her young nephew and two Hong Kong policemen, Charlie Leung Kam-Po  and Ken , he has to deal with her anger at being sequestered. Meantime the mob boss becomes desperate to off this last witness to her murder before his upcoming court date. He hires a deadly Chinese assassin Wang Wen Junand calls in sick to postpone the court date. All the while Michelle goes berserk as she is not allowed any freedom  with Allan being equally fed up at not being able to join the Chinese Premier's bodyguard detail in Southern China. Michelle eventually storms out of the estate. This turns ugly as the mall is crawling with mob assassins dressed as mall clerks, custodians, patrons, and police officers. After a massive shoot-out inside the mall killing all would-be assassins, they manage to get out to the car. However, an assassin posing as a police officer comes to shoot her with a pistol in his jacket pocket. Fortunately, Charlie stops him and is shot twice in his bulletproof vest. In response, Allan fires several shots from the car killing the perpetrator. The plot gets ugly as the "police officer" turns out to be the younger brother of the Chinese Assassin, who helped save him from a bullet while they were both serving in the Chinese People's Liberation Army. He abducts the body from the police morgue killing five forensic centre guards with a tri-bladed bayonet. Burying the body and tossing paper money into the flames, he swears vengeance against the bodyguard. Meanwhile back at the penthouse, Michelle finally begins to understand that her bodyguards care for her. After apologizing to Allan, she finds that she is falling for him and tries to seduce him. Allan also has some feelings towards Michelle as she tries to seduce him, but held his feelings. Finally, things come to a climax when the a group of assassins and Jun storm the house. Fighting in the house, Allan holds the advantage of being familiar with the house's layout. He takes out most of the assailants leaving only Jun standing but not before they severely wound the two policemen. With no one left to stop them, Jun and the bodyguard engage in a long hand to hand fight, trashing most of the house. During the melee, the boyfriend enters the house just as Jun recovers his gun. Michelle breaks cover to hold up a stumbling Allan who had been bayoneted in the left lung. Jun points the gun at all three of them asking her to choose who should die first. The boyfriend makes an offer to double whatever he was being paid for the hit in exchange for her life which the assassin refuses. He says his brother was shot seven times, and he intends to put seven bullets into somebody as retribution but then adds, "Perhaps you could pay someone to take the bullet for her?". Allan steps forward as Jun fires a shot at Michelle. The shot hits Allan in the chest causing him to fall back into Michelle's arms. "One down, six more to go." Jun says and fires again. Impossibly Michelle tries to shield Allan with her body only to have him struggle up pushing her away. The bullet hits him in the back spinning him around. As he spins toward Jun, he uses the last of his strength to pull the bayonet from his chest and throw it into the assassin's neck. The scene ends with Michelle holding the convulsing Allan and crying inconsolably. With the danger over and the court concluded, we see Michelle and her boyfriend driving to the Chinese/Hong Kong border. The boyfriend, James, was given a note by Allan stating that he needs to be there for her. At the border they try to get Allan to stay in Hong Kong with them. However they are barred from setting foot on Chinese soil pass the checkpoint. As per his wishes, two items were left for them in Hong Kong. The first was the trunk full of money paid by James to Allan which he wills to the police chief. In it is a note, that the money is for his son's education and that the chief shouldn't gamble anymore. Lastly there was a small box for Michelle. The box had his watch which were usually swapped between persons as mementos of the person. Michelle remembers and cries 'Allan' as his car drives away from the border checkpoint back into China.