Cole Thornton , an infamous gunslinger, is hired by wealthy rancher Bart Jason  to help him in a range war with the McDonald family. While in the town of El Dorado, the local sheriff and an old friend, J.P. Harrah , gives Cole more details that Jason had deliberately left out, including the possibility of having to side against Harrah. Unwilling to do this, Thornton quits, to the relief of saloon owner Maudie , who is in love with Thornton . The McDonalds learn of Thornton's presence in town. Fearing that he might come for them, Kevin McDonald  puts his youngest son, Luke, on guard. When Thornton passes by on his way back from rejecting Jason's offer, Luke , who has fallen asleep, wakes and fires a wild warning shot, whereupon Thornton reflexively shoots him. Luke is still alive when Thornton comes to him, but he refuses treatment based upon the belief that a gut-shot man wouldn't have a chance anyway, and commits suicide when Thornton is not looking. Thornton brings the boy's body to the McDonald ranch and offers an explanation. The only McDonald daughter, Joey , impulsively rides off before Thornton can finish his story and subsequently ambushes him. Her shot is not fatal, but the bullet lodges next to Thornton's spine and in time begins to trouble him by occasionally pressing against the spinal cord, causing temporary paralysis of his right side. The local doctor, Dr. Miller , is unable to remove the bullet, and Thornton soon departs El Dorado for a new job. Half a year later, Thornton runs into another gunslinger for hire named Nelse McLeod  and a young greenhorn nicknamed Mississippi ([[James Caan , who has come for revenge against one of McLeod's men. McLeod has been hired by Jason for the same job Thornton turned down, and Harrah has turned into a drunk after an unhappy love affair. Thornton decides to return to El Dorado, where he, Mississippi, and deputy sheriff Bull  will team up to protect the McDonalds' from Jason's scheming and restore the drunken Harrah to his old self. Thornton and Mississippi travel back to El Dorado. Once there, they get Harrah sober and cleaned up. Bart Jason hires men to harass the McDonalds. So when the men shoot one of the McDonalds, Thornton and his friends chase them in to a church and then into Bart Jason's Saloon. They arrest Bart Jason and take him to the jail. Later that night, Thornton and Mississippi decide to walk the city, keeping the peace. Maude , a friend of Thornton's sends a message that McLeod's men are scaring her and her patrons. When they go there, they are ambushed and Thornton has an attack that leaves him partially paralyzed. McLeod trades Thornton for Bart Jason. Then they kidnap one of the McDonalds and force them to sign over their water rights to Jason. Thornton, Harrah, Mississippi and others come up with a plan to rescue the McDonald son, and neutralize Jason and McLeod. Thorton, still paralyzed, Mississippi, Harrah and Bull travel back into town on wagons. They attack the saloon, kill Jason and McLeod, rescue the kidnapped McDonald, and restore order to El Dorado.