Joe Moore  runs a ring of professional thieves, which includes Bobby Blane , Don "Pinky" Pincus  and Joe's much younger wife Fran . During a daylight robbery of a New York City jewelry store, Joe's face is captured by a security camera. As both the picture and a witness can identify him, Joe chooses to retire from crime and plans to disappear on his sailboat with his wife, living off their share of the heist. This doesn't sit well with Joe's fence, Mickey Bergman , who runs a legitimate garment business as a front. After accruing a number of expenses in setting up another, much more complicated robbery, Bergman decides to withhold the payment due to Joe and his crew. He insists they go through with the other job — hijacking a Swiss airplane carrying a large shipment of gold. Bergman further insists that his hot-headed nephew, Jimmy Silk , be a part of the crew. Joe reluctantly accepts, but a series of shifting loyalties amongst thieves changes the complexity of their task. That includes Jimmy's personal interest in Joe's wife and the belief of both Bergman and Jimmy that Joe's skills are in decline. The plane robbery is set up as a series of misdirections. Pinky poses as an airport guard while Joe, Bobby, and Jimmy pose as airport security personnel. They stop the jet while pretending to be responding to an onboard emergency. They fill a van with what they take from the plane, then move the van to a rented garage on the airport grounds, where they re-brand it and call for a tow truck to have it hauled away. Jimmy betrays the others in a bid to steal both the gold and Fran. He knocks out Joe after everyone else has left, then tells Fran that he knows Joe had changed the plan. He and Fran take the van, but Jimmy finds out that, instead of bars of gold, the hidden compartments are filled with metallic washers. Joe avoids arrest and returns to the plane in disguise. He and Bobby remove a shipment of goods they had booked on board the same Swiss flight, which they insist now must be driven to its destination due to the plane's delay on the runway. Inside the shipment is the stolen gold, which Joe and Bobby then melt and mold into long golden rods. A furious Bergman has his thugs apprehend Pinky, who is walking his young niece to school. Pinky discloses the plan in order to save his niece's life . Bergman and his crew arrive at Joe's sailboat along with Jimmy and Fran, where they hold Joe at gunpoint, demanding to know: "Where's the gold?" They notice that the railings of the boat are golden. Fran leaves with Jimmy, pleading with Bergman to give Joe some money and let him go. Bergman checks the railings. They turn out to be merely painted. Bergman counts to three, preparing to shoot Joe, when a hidden Bobby surfaces and opens fire. Bergman's men are killed. Bergman is wounded and helpless. He asks Joe, "Don't you want to hear my last words?" Joe replies, "I just did," and shoots him dead. Bobby gives Joe the address where to send his share. Joe waits to meet Fran with a new truck filled with black-painted gold rods. Jimmy shows up with Fran. They take the truck and the gold, Fran telling Joe: "You're the one who sent me to him. You shouldn't have sent me to him." A double-crossed Joe gets into a different much older truck to leave. A black bar in the truck accidentally scrapes the garage doorway, revealing a gold tint underneath. Joe lifts a tarp in the truck bed, revealing that most of the real gold rods were concealed under it. He covers the scratched rod with the tarpaulin and drives away, smiling.