Noah Wyle plays Flynn Carsen, a perpetual college student who has 22 academic degrees.<ref namehttp://www.tnt.tv/title/?oid A Conversation with Noah Wyle | dateTurner Broadcasting System Inc}}  Carsen’s professor kicks him out of college, telling Carsen that he lacks real life experience and needs to experience life outside of college. Carsen’s mother, Margie , is constantly worried about her son and encourages him to get a job, find a bride, and be happy. Carsen receives a mysterious invitation for an interview at the Metropolitan Public Library. Shortly after Carsen’s odd but successful interview, he is shown the true duties of his new job by a doleful library employee, Charlene , and library head Judson, . The position of librarian, Carsen’s new job, is said to have existed for centuries. Its purpose is to protect historical and often magical items in a secret section of the library. Some of the items Carsen is responsible for are Pandora's Box, Tesla's Death Ray, the Holy Grail, the transmuted corpse of King Midas, the Ark of the Covenant, the Golden Fleece, a live unicorn, the Goose That Laid the Golden Eggs, Excalibur, the original Mona Lisa , the original "Little Boy" prototype atomic bomb, a working jet pack, Ali Baba's Flying Carpet, and the Spear of Destiny. Carsen finds that the job entails more than he expected when one of three parts of the Spear of Destiny is stolen by the evil Serpent Brotherhood . Whoever has the complete Spear of Destiny will control the destiny of the entire world . Carsen must now track down the remaining two pieces of the Spear of Destiny to prevent the Serpent Brotherhood from possessing all three pieces and gaining control of the world. His only tools are his mind and a book written in a previously untranslated language called the "Language of the birds". Whilst on a plane, Carsen is ambushed by the Serpent Brotherhood and is rescued by a woman who forces him out of the plane whilst in mid-air. Once they land, he finds that his rescuer, Nicole Noone , is a Library employee who blames herself for the death of the last librarian but who resists any friendly feelings for Carsen. They travel through the Amazon rainforest, where they encounter waterfalls, headhunters, bridge collapses, and Maya death traps, all with often tongue-in-cheek comedy and a touch of romance. They next travel to the Himalayas, ending up in Shangri-La, all the time proving that Carsen’s years of book learning are useful.