"The Octopus," a masked crime lord, is bent on crippling the nation with a wave of terror. He starts with the transportation system and then moves onto industry. He demands tribute from railroad magnates and other captains of industry. Richard Wentworth , an amateur criminologist who is friendly with the police, is secretly "The Spider," a masked vigilante equally determined to wipe the Octopus and his gang off the face of the earth. Pleasant and smiling in civilian life, Wentworth is often ruthless as the Spider, slinging two guns against the public enemies who attack him. Wentworth also masquerades as affable underworld lowlife Blinky McQuade. Disguised as McQuade, Wentworth can infiltrate gangland at the hired-gun level and keep current on the gang's plans. The only people who know Wentworth's other identities are his assistants Jackson  and Ram Singh , his butler Jenkins , and his fiancée Nita . The Octopus was a villain in a single issue pulp believed to have been written by Norvell Page who wrote most of The Spider pulp stories. He is garbed completely in white and is only ever seen sitting in a chair. Unlike the pulps, The Spider is garbed in a lightweight full length costume with web-like markings on it which resemble Spiderman's costume. The serial follows the standard formula of fights, shoot-outs, Wentworth's friends being kidnapped at various times and having to be rescued. Each chapter ends with The Spider or his friends in deep trouble, often about to be killed, but the effect is spoiled by a trailer for the next episode which shows them in full health and fighting the villains. The HQ of The Octopus is found by The Spider in the last episode. He has unwittingly given himself away to Wentworth and realises that only Wentworth could know, so of course he must die. The Spider uses his line  a number of times to get out of trouble. Commissioner Kirk  suspects that Wentworth is The Spider in one episode. The Octopus's gang wore robes too . He ruthlessly executed all who failed him and in case of trouble, used a false arm, so concealing a gun hidden by his robes, held by his real arm.