 The crew of an M3 Lee tank, commanded by U.S. Army Master Sergeant Joe Gunn  and nicknamed Lulu Belle, become separated from their unit during a general retreat from Erwin Rommel's forces. At a bombed-out field hospital, the Americans pick up a motley collection of stragglers, among them British doctor Captain Halliday , four Commonwealth troops, and Free French Corporal Leroux . Halliday, the only officer, cedes command to Gunn. Later, they come upon Sudanese Sergeant Major Tambul ([[Rex Ingram  and his Italian prisoner, Giuseppe , who volunteers to lead them to a well at Hassan Barani. En route, Luftwaffe pilot Captain von Schletow  strafes the tank, killing one of the British soldiers , but is shot down and captured. Arriving at the well, they find it completely dry. Now running out of water, they are forced to detour to the desert well Bir Acroma marked on Gunn's map. They find it, but it is almost dry, providing only a trickle of water. When German scouts arrive in a half-track soon afterwards, Gunn sets up an ambush. Gunn finds out from one of the two enemy survivors that their mechanized battalion, desperate for water, is following close behind. He persuades the others to make a stand to delay the Germans, while Waco  takes the half-track in search of reinforcements. The two Germans are released to carry back an offer: "food for water", even though there is barely enough for Gunn's men. When the Germans return in force, Gunn changes the deal to "guns for water". The well has completely dried up by then. A standoff and battle of wills begins between Gunn and Major von Falken , the German commander. Gunn keeps up the pretence that the well is full of water and negotiates to buy time. Eventually, the Germans attack and are beaten off again and again, but one by one, the defenders are killed. During the fighting, von Schletow tries to escape, killing Giuseppe when he tries to alert Gunn. Tambul chases him down and kills him, at the cost of his own life. The thirst-maddened Germans' final assault turns into a full-blown surrender as they drop their weapons and claw across the sand towards the well. To Gunn's shock, he discovers that a German shell that exploded in the well has tapped into a source of water. Gunn and the only other Allied survivor disarm the Germans while they drink their fill. As they are marching their prisoners east, they encounter Allied troops guided by Waco. The movie ends with news of the Allied victory at the First Battle of El Alamein, turning back the tide of Rommel's Afrika Korps.