In the year 2009, the super-wealthy gain immortality by hiring "bonejackers," mercenaries who use time travel technology to snatch people from the past, just prior to their deaths. Their bodies are then taken over by the rich to extend their lives. Those who escape bonejacking, known as "freejacks," are considered less than human under the law. In this dystopic future most people suffer from poor physical health as a result of rampant drug use and environmental pollution, making them unattractive as replacement bodies. Alex Furlong  is a professional racecar driver who is about to die in a spectacular 1991 crash, witnessed by his fiancée Julie Redlund  and agent Brad , when a time machine snatches him from the car and into the wasteland that is the 21st century Bronx. When Furlong's captors – led by mercenary Victor Vacendak - are ambushed by a hit squad, Furlong escapes. Having no idea what happened, he tries to find Julie, but she no longer lives at her 1991 address. He takes shelter at a church, where a sympathetic  nun  explains what has happened to him. She also provides him with clothing, food, and a handgun. Alex finds his former agent Brad, but Brad immediately sells him out, getting killed in the process. He then finds Julie, but she calls security, believing him to be "the bastard who stole [Alex's] body." When Vacendak shows up, she realizes that Alex is actually her Alex. She goes to Ian McCandless to try and help Alex escape the city. McCandless promises that he will help secure Alex's escape. However, it is a trap- Vacendak and his men try again capture Alex, but he manages to defeat the mercenaries and holds Vacendak at gunpoint. Alex demands that he be told who wants his body; Vacendak finally tells him that McCandless himself wants Alex's body. Because Alex saved his life earlier, Vacendak gives him a chance to run and Julie steals an armored vehicle used by the bonejackers. Furlong and Julie manage to evade Vacendak's security guards and McCandless' police force. But they also find the have to deal the private guards of McCandless' corporate executive officer Mr. Michelette, who wants McCandless' job. He is responsible for the ambush that allowed Alex to escape in the first place. Alex then pretends to take Julie hostage and negotiates with Michelette. Alex hopes they don't know about his past relationship with Julie. But, it turns out that Michelette saw footage of Julie's grief after the 1991 accident. He immediately fires Julie on the spot. Alex and Julie escape the meeting, hoping to flee through the lobby, but they are thwarted by a gunfight between the security guards and mercenaries. Their elevator takes them to the penthouse, where McCandless' mind is stored. A hologram of McCandless explains why he wants Furlong's body – so he could show his love for Julie. Apologizing, he offers to let Alex run the company while pretending to be McCandless. Just then Vacendak arrives and McCandless reveals he was only stalling for time. Alex, forced into the transfer machine, protests "You don't need a new body, you need a new soul, and your machine can't give you that!" Just as the transfer process begins, Michellette stumbles in, wounded from fighting Vacendak's soldiers. In the confusion, Julie grabs a soldier's gun and shoots the processing crystal used by the transfer computers. The transfer results are deemed inconclusive since no one knows if McCandless controls Furlong's body. McCandless' scientists cannot tell and conclude that McCandless will have to identify himself. Michellette agrees, revealing that only McCandless will know his own personal i.d. code- a code that Alex wouldn't know. Vacendak receives a handheld computer which displays McCandless' code- he instructs "Alex" to tell him what it is. Alex responds by saying the code slowly, and Vacendak asks him to continue. Michelette concludes that the transfer was completed and tries to kill Alex, but is gunned down by Vacendak and his men. Furlong remarks about how well he feels in his "new" body, before ordering Julie to dress more appropriately. A while later, Furlong and Julie go for a drive. Vacendak stops them as the car leaves the estate. It turns out that the transfer was not complete after all; Furlong got McCandless' secret number wrong, though Vacendak went along with it. He simply waited until Furlong made a mistake: McCandless did not know how to drive. Vacendak admonishes Julie that "you'll have to coach him better than that", then leaves while Alex and Julie speed away.