In a rush to pack up during a thunderstorm after blowing a tire, the Circus Sorano  accidentally leaves behind a baby zebra. The foal is rescued by Nolan Walsh, a retired thoroughbred-racehorse trainer. Nolan takes the zebra home to his ramshackle farm, and leaves it in the care of his teenage daughter Channing, who names him "Stripes". The other farmyard animals try to educate Stripes about life on the farm, but he is convinced that he is destined for the nearby racetrack, even though he isn't a real racehorse . Channing has a similar ambition: to become a jockey. Her father refuses to let her train, as he believes it's too dangerous; he retired from training after Channing's mother, also a jockey, died in a racing accident, several years before. Stripes befriends a gorgeous white mare, Sandy, though the thoroughbred stallions at the racetrack bully Stripes, saying he doesn't belong on their racetrack. After losing a late-night race with thoroughbred Trenton's Pride, Stripes is even more determined to be a racehorse. The other farmyard animals  disable Channing's motorbike so that she has to ride Stripes to her job at the racetrack, where she works as a cleaner. After dark she and stripes have their first taste of the racetrack together and are seen by old punter Woodzie who spots their potential. Champion Horse Breeder Clara Dalrymple, for whom Nolan used to train horses, nastily challenges Nolan to enter his Zebra in the Kentucky Open. Nolan can't afford the entry fee, but is approached by Woodzie who offers to pay. Nolan is determined not to let his daughter race, but her enthusiasm eventually wins him over, and he agrees to train Stripes. They mow a rustic-looking track in a cornfield and begin to train, helped by Tucker, a Shetland Pony who has helped coach champion racehorses in the past. Stripes loses enthusiasm after finding out he's a zebra, but his farmyard friends - especially Franny the goat - convince him he has a chance. Thoroughbreds Sir Trenton and his son Pride decide to teach Stripes a lesson the night before the race, and they attack him as he talks to Sandy on a riverbank. In the morning his farmyard friends rouse him and liberate Sandy, who the thoroughbreds are keeping hostage at the stables. At the races, Nolan responds to Clara's mockery by placing a personal bet on the race. They agree that if Stripes wins, Nolan can keep Sandy; and if her horse Pride wins, Nolan will go back to work for her. Stripes is coached through the race by Tucker, via two blowfly friends and Goose who act as messengers. In spite of losing ground half way round the course, Stripes finds the fire to catch up and win. He presents his prize wreath to Tucker, and Goose strategically poops on Clara's glamorous hat.