Neal Page is trying to return to his family for Thanksgiving in Chicago after being on a business trip in New York. His journey is doomed from the outset, with Del Griffith  interfering first by leaving his trunk by the side of the road causing Neal to trip when racing an uncredited character  for a cab, then moments later again by inadvertently snatching the taxi cab that Neal had bought from an attorney just before. The two inevitably pair up later and begin an error-prone adventure to help Neal get back to his home. Their flight from LaGuardia Airport to O'Hare is diverted to Wichita due to a blizzard in Chicago, which ends up dissipating only a few hours after touchdown in Kansas. When every mode of transport  fails them, what should have been an 1 hour and 45 minute New York-to-Chicago flight turns into a three-day adventure. To complicate matters even further, on the first night in Wichita, a thief breaks into the poorly-locked motel and steals almost $1,000 aggregate from the two men. Neal frequently blows up at Del, blaming him for much of their misfortunes, including the robbery of the first night. These ravings are not all unjustified, as Del's carelessly discarded cigarette sets fire to the rental car, melting all but the radio. Del in turn regards Neal as a pretentious and uptight cynic while Del is less afraid to be himself. After a much heated argument between the two men, a bond between them forms, and Neal finally manages to overcome his arrogance. Both men pull together to finally make their way home, while Del manages to raise money by selling off his entire inventory of shower curtain rings, to kids and adults alike, who think they make good earrings. Under the assumption that Del has a wife and family of his own , the two men part ways. However, Neal later pieces together things Del said and realizes that Del is alone. He goes back to the train station where he had left Del and sees him sitting alone, inside an empty station, after they finally make it back to Chicago. Del tells Neal that Marie actually died eight years prior and that he has been homeless ever since. Neal, having become a nicer person during the journey, invites Del to enjoy Thanksgiving with his family.