In an airport, Lone Man  is being instructed on his mission by Creole . The mission itself is left unstated and the instructions are cryptic, including such phrases as "Everything is subjective," "The universe has no center and no edges; reality is arbitrary," and "Use your imagination and your skills." After the meeting in the airport he travels to Madrid and then on to Seville, meeting several people in cafés and on trains along the way. Each meeting has the same pattern: he orders two espressos at a cafe and waits, his contact arrives and in Spanish asks, "You don't speak Spanish, right?" in different ways, to which he responds, "No." The contacts tell him about their individual interest such as molecules, art or film, then the two of them exchange matchboxes. A code written on a small piece of paper inside each matchbox, which Lone Man reads and then eats. These coded messages lead him to his next rendezvous. He repeatedly encounters a woman  who is always either completely nude or wearing only a transparent raincoat. She invites him to have sex with her but he declines, stating that he never has sex while he is working. One phrase that Creole, the man in the airport tells him is repeated throughout the movie: "He who thinks he is bigger than the rest must go to the cemetery. There he will see what life really is: a handful of dirt." This phrase is sung in a flamenco song in a club in Seville at one point in his journey. In Almeria, he is given a ride in a pickup truck by a companion of Mexican , on which the words La vida no vale nada  are painted, a phrase Guitar  says to him in Seville, and he is taken to Tabernas desert. There, lies a fortified and heavily guarded compound. After observing the compound from afar, he somehow penetrates its defenses and waits for his target inside the target's office. The target  asks how he got in, and he answers, "I used my imagination." After the murder with a guitar string, he rides back to Madrid, where he locks away the suits he has worn throughout the movie and changes back into a sweatsuit bearing the national flag of Cameroon. Before exiting the train station onto a crowded sidewalk he throws away his last matchbox.  The Limits of Control sometimes references other films. For example, when Lone Man meets Blonde she discusses classic Hitchcock and Welles films. His first meeting with the Nude echoes the beginning of Jean-Luc Godard’s Contempt.http://www.theauteurs.com/reviews/18761 Isaach De Bankolé exchanges matchboxes throughout the film with "Le Boxeur"  written on them, the name of his character in the film White Material. When Lone Man sees a poster in Seville for a movie that features Blonde, it is called "Un Lugar Solitario", the Spanish title of the Humphrey Bogart film "In a Lonely Place".