Nights and Days is a family saga of Barbara Ostrzenska-Niechcic,  and Bogumil Niechcic,  against the backdrop of the January Uprising of 1863 and World War I. The film is a rather straightforward and faithful adaptation of a novel by Maria Dabrowska with the same title. The plot is woven around the changing fortunes of a noble  Niechcic family in the pre-WWI Poland. There are two main crossing threads: a social history one and an existential one. The cinematographic version is a condensation of the 12 part award winning TV serial of the same title and using the same cast and producers.http://www.filmpolski.pl/fp/index.php/124203  Barbara Ostrzenska marries former landowner Bogumil Niechcic out of respect for his heroic past contributions to the 1863 January Uprising rather than love for him as she is secretly in love with the handsome Mr. Toliboski. Their task of forging a new life together begins at a small estate, Krempa.  Barbara suffers the loss of her first child, a four year old boy named Peter, and decides to leave her home at Krempa to start a new life at the run down land property of Serbinow. Barbara's beloved sister Teresa dies.  Bogumil is successful as the manager of the estate at Serbinow. Financial security, the birth of their three children  signal better times at last. Barbara's sick mother moves in with them only to die.  Bogumil's dedication to his work is praised by the landowner of 'Serbinow', but Barbara has trouble with Tommy , who is lying and stealing. They employ a governess for their three children. Barbara and Bogumil become more distant with each other as Barbara dreams of moving to the nearby city of Kaliniec.  Barbara's uncle dies, bequeathing her 6,000 roubles. Bogumil advises her to invest in Serbinow, but her preference is a building property in Kaliniec. Meanwhile, Danielecki, owner of Serbinow, arrives and anxious not to lose Bogumil improves his contract.  Mrs Hlasko, an experienced teacher arrives, so Barbara has no need to move to the town of Kaliniec with her children. There is an outbreak of typhoid and the family do what they can to help the sick. Eventually Barbara moves to Kaliniec with her children. Bogumil stays home alone at Serbinow and finds himself a young lover.  Fifteen years have passed since Bogumil and Barbara settled in Serbinow. During a celebration party, two gold coins go missing and their son Tommy  is suspected. Meanwhile the 1905 Russian Revolution encourages farmhands to riot. When Barbara unexpectedly leaves her home in Kaliniec to visit Serbinow she finds Bogumil in the arms of another woman. Barbara is devastated.  The revolutionary movement expands, involving Barbara's daughter, Agnieszka, who returns from the university full of life and eager to love. In the meantime their old governess, Ms. Celina, commits suicide when her lover abandons her.  Bogumil realizes that he is losing his daughter, Agnieszka, who decides to live with her husband in Brussels rather than staying at Serbinow with her family. Tommy continues to lie and steal, causing his parents much pain and suffering.  Despite worries about the children, Barbara and Bogumil feel secure and content. Bogumil orders drainage equipment for Serbinow without the owners' permission, using Barbara's money as a deposit. Soon news arrives from Paris that Serbinow has been sold. Bogumil and Barbara must move out and leave their home at Serbinow.  After more than twenty years at Serbinow, Bogumil and Barbara buy a small estate at Pamietow. Bogumil feels lost and tired. He becomes sick and dies asking his children to be honest and kind. Without Bogumil Barbara feels as if her world is completely destroyed. Meanwhile, Poland's struggle for independence continues.  Barbara moves permanently to Kalinec. As World War I breaks out and the Germans invade, Barbara hopes her children will come to her. When the Prussian army captures Kalinec, the people are glad to be free of the Russians. Barbara leaves Kaliniec in search of her children.