The film begins with a happy couple of two young people Helen and Peter the Luna Park of Athens celebrating their love. Much time later Eleni leaves Petros after a beautiful day and goes to her secret work world:The Red Lanterns. There Eleni and many other girls work as prostitutes. They look outsider of the God's Road but they are sensitive and have great souls. Every one has and her own story:Helen, the main protagonist is from Romania and travelled to Greece for a better life but because of her choices she is now the most famous of the prostitutes, Anna, she is a young woman in love with Captain Nicholas, she has a child with him without his knowledge, Mary, she is the eldest of them, a young customer named Angelus falls in love with her and quickly they begin a passionate love affair and Marina a girl from a village far away from Athens and also she is madly in love with Dorys her manager. All of them work to the home of Madam Pari a proffesional in this and former to this work. Catherine is the poor servant there and also wife of an old man closed in an asylum Michael is the manager of Helen and also in love with her and she hates him. Quickly another woman joins to their home 16-years-old Myrsine after a cop hunting becomes one of them and near by Madam Pari becomes a proffesional.Michael tries unfortunately ties to seduce her.`Anna after Captain Nicholas' left tells to Helen she has a child with him and none knows it. After that Anna tells to her son Alex the truth for his father and waits for his return. During the Christmas Eve Angekus tells to Mary marry him but she laughily refuses. Dorys leaves Marina behind him crying and screaming because she told him if he leaves her she will kill her self. During the Christmas party Helen arrives after a romantic dinner with Peter. Peter follows her and discover her secret he hits them and cry she tries to explain everything to him but he comletely sad leaves crying. After these events the Red Lanterns are closed. Anna goes to take a letter of Captain Nicholas but she discover that him and the eternal ship crew died in a storm. Mary and Marina follows Myrsine in the try to find a place of their own for their job after they brokeup with their lovers. Michael tries again to seduce Helen but sadly he watches Helen leave with Peter reunited and more happy than everytime. Katherine the servant there leaves with her husband the Red Lanterns poor but happy forever. The film finishes with their lines. Katherine's husband says Life is beautiful and she answers It is fine.