The Indian army are working on Project Milaap - a project designed to end the long-lasting conflict between India and Pakistan. The project is simple - Indian prisoners will be released from Pakistan and Pakistani prisoners will be released from India. General Amar Singh Bakshi  and Brigadier Shekhar Sharma  both wish to see Project milaap turn into a reality. However, dreaded terrorist Raghavan, ex-army Major  will do anything to stop this project - he has a grudge against Pakistanis ever since his son was murdered by them. During a television show about the project, Raghavan and his men attack the General. However, they are soon stopped by Major Ram Prasad Sharma  the son of Brigader Sharma. However, Shekhar is shot when he tries to stop Raghavan from killing the General. As Shekhar is on his death bed, he tells Ram that he also has another son named Lakshman  and a wife Madhu , both of whom left him when he committed adultery 20 years ago. Shekhar's last wish is for Ram, Lakshman and Madhu to bury his ashes. General Bakshi learns that Raghavan is targeting his daughter Sanjana . He tells Ram to go to her college in Darjeeling to protect his daughter - although, Ram has to pose as a student who is returning to complete his unfinished education. Ram agrees to go, especially when he learns that Madhu and Lakshman live in that town and that Lakshman is also a student at the college. At the college, Lakshaman is better known as Lucky, he is some what of an inspiration because he has failed his last year exams three times. He is also best friends with Sanjana, who is in love with him. Ram meets them both, he does not realise that Lucky is in fact his brother. At first, the two do not like him and go out of their way to make his life hell. Ram soons learns that Lucky is his brother - when Ram saves Lucky, he earns both his and Sanjana's friendship. Ram also becomes smitten with the Chemistry teacher Chandini . Meanwhile, Raghavan has arrived in Darjeeling and sends one of his men, Khan to shoot Sanjana's friend Percy - he wants the General to know that if he can kill one of Sanjana's friends, he can easily kill Sanjana too. When Khan goes to do this, Ram is able to stop him and has him arrested. Raghavan learns about this and is enraged - not only that Khan has been arrested but that Ram is at the college. It is revealed that Raghavan was once an army officer  who killed innocent Pakistanis and as a result, lost his place in the army. Ram is soon invited to stay at Lucky's house - he shares a special bond with Madhu - Ram manages to hide his true identity. At the college, Ram constantly flirts with Chandini - she gets irritated but at the same time, seems to have feelings for him. Lucky and Sanjana also start to fall in love, once Sanjana changes her tomboy image. Raghavan sends his men to kidnap the Physics teacher Mr. Rasai  so he can replace him. He arrives in college, Ram does not recognise him as his father's murderer. On prom night, Chandini finally admits she has fallen in love with Ram. She is soon abducted by one of Raghavan's men but Ram saves her. Sanjana and Ram arrive at her hostel and find General Bakshi there. Later, Madhu and Lucky learn about Ram's true identity and throw him out of the house - just as he leaves, he tells them about Shekhar's death. Ram leaves the college but rushes back when he hears that Raghavan has taken everyone hostage until Project milaap ends. Ram is forced to release Khan and come to the college in handcuffs. At college, Ram confronts Raghavan - Khan shoots Ram and everybody believes Ram is now dead. However, it turns out that Ram was wearing a bulletproof vest. Khan realises that Ram was right all along - he frees him and encourages him to save everyone and bids him goodbye. Ram manages to kill all of Raghavan's men and releases everyone. Raghavan kills Khan when he learns of his betrayal. Ram and Raghavan soon fight one another in a deserted place. Whilst they are fighting, Project milaap takes place. Soon, Ram and Raghavan are on the roof and Raghavan attempts to shoot Ram. Lucky arrives in a helicopter to save his brother. Ram reveals that he has taken the pin out of one of Raghavan's grenades. As Ram escapes, Raghavan dies in the explosion. Later, Ram and Lucky both throw their father's ashes into the river with their mother watching sadly. Lucky finally graduates. The end titles come up with a music video set during the graduation carnival.