Trudie is an aspiring painter stuck working as a restaurant waitress. With the pressure to please her parents building, a job interview that goes poorly and getting dumped by her boyfriend, she has a nervous breakdown. Stressed about going home for the holidays alone, she kidnaps David Martin, a random customer at the restaurant in which she works and introduces him to her parents as her boyfriend, Nick. Trudie's family is vacationing at a very isolated house miles away from anything, so David is unable to escape . He finally decides to play along until the police come, but he ultimately falls in love with Trudie and understands why she felt forced to kidnap him in the first place. But this Christmas holiday comes to an abrupt end when her brother announces that he is gay and her sister says that she has disenrolled in Law School and with the tuition her dad has been sending her bought a pilates studio and then police show up and arrest the family during dinner. Before he was kidnapped, David had a successful job and a beautiful, rich girlfriend. During his time with Trudie and her family, he realizes his life has developed into something he did not intend. After the police show up at Christmas dinner and arrest the family, he decides not to press charges. Trudie does not see or hear from David for a few months, but sees his engagement announcement in the newspaper. Trudie is invited to show her art at a local art gallery and is stunned to see one of her pieces is sold during the show. As she is leaving the show, she is kidnapped and taken to a nearby building. Her kidnapper turns out to be David. He tells her he bought this building and is making it into an architecture/art studio. He decided to turn his life around and do something he really loves...architecture. He also wanted an art studio and shows her his first art piece he just purchased, and it turns out to be hers. David admits his love for Trudie and Trudie admits her feelings towards him as well. They share a kiss as the credits start to roll.