Celebrity Jake Tanner  travels to a small town to film a reality TV-show about the towns hockey team. However, town local Jaynie  is soon murdered, being decapitated by a piece of wire hung up between two trees, but the murder is passed off as an accident. Jake meets with the shows producers, Lee  who now want to investigate the murder. As Jake goes to the local high school, he meets Keir , part of the shows crew, who believes Jaynie was murdered and suspects the hockey teams coach, Coach Carhartt . Jake meets the rest of the crew, including Mike , Daphne , Luke ([[Al Santos  and Greg  while also meeting the team captain, Vance  and head cheerleader Erin . Meanwhile, cheerleading coach Mrs Falls  is murdered by a masked killer, who drags her into a circular saw. The crew interview Vance, who swears he will get vengeance on whoever murdered Jaynie. Controversial celebrity Blanca Champion  soon arrives with her assistant Nik  to work on the show. The crew travel to meet Jaynie's father, Coach Hansen , who recently was released from prison for the murder of his wife. Hansen becomes angered however, and forces the crew to leave. While back at the school, Connor  tells Jake that Jaynie's death was not an accident. That night, the crew go to a bar, and discover of Mrs Falls death, but again the locals pass the death off as an accident, before Coach Hansen turns up and warns the crew away from the town. The next day, Lee fall out as Lee is changing the show to center around the deaths of the locals. Nick is sent to Coach Hansen's house to retrieve equipment that was left there previously. On arrival, Nick finds Coach Hansen dead, before the killer butchers Nick with a pickaxe. After Erin and Blanca have an argument, Blanca attempts to leave the town but realizes there is no signal for mobile phones in the town. After the crew film a hockey match, the crew go to the bar, but Luke remains behind to work out. He is attacked by the killer, who chops off his hand before finally stabbing him to death. Daphne decides to leave the bar, but while on her way home she discovers Greg's car. She stops and investigates, only to find Greg's throat slit. The killer then turns up and kidnaps her. The next day, the remaining crew discover of their missing co-workers, causing arguments between the survivors. Lee goes down to the boiler room where she finds the killer is filming the murders using the aid of a lipstick camera. Before she can warn the others though, the killer hangs her. After more filming, Jake, Blanca and Keir go back to a cabin to find the others. However, they find footage of Daphne being captured. They go back to the school and drop Blanca off so she can contact help on a Cb radio, while Jake and Keir go to where Daphne was captured. Meanwhile, Phoebe is in a local shop when she is attacked by the killer. She hides until Coach Carhart arrives and the pair flee to the coaches car. As they are about to leave, the killer slices open the coaches neck, while Phoebe runs to the school. The killer catches up with her though and strangles her to death. Jake and Keir discover the killers lair in the forest, but as they are about to leave Jake steps on a bear trap, so Keir leaves for help. Back at the school, Blanca fails to get help from the radio but finds Connor down in the boiler room, who shows Blanca a video the killer has made devoted to her. As the pair are leaving the school, they discover Daphne's dead body. Blanca soon becomes locked in a room, but Connor escapes. Keir arrives, but the killer quickly knocks her out, before finding Blanca. She escapes the room through the vents, but is confronted by the killer who is revealed to be an obsessed Mike, who murdered everyone to be close to her. Keir attempts to save Blanca, but Mike stabs her, however Jake, Vance and Connor arrive and shoot Mike. The next morning, the police arrive and put Mikes body in a body bag. Jake finds out Keir survived being stabbed, however soon discovers Mike was wearing a bullet proof vest and has escaped.