In the year 1202 A.D., an army led by three vampire elders (Markus, Viktor, and [[Amelia  arrives at a Lycan ravaged village. After killing several werewolves, Viktor and Amelia capture their target: Markus's brother, William Corvinus, the first and most powerful werewolf. Despite Markus's defiance, Viktor orders that William be imprisoned in a secret location forever. In the present day (just after the events of the [[Underworld , Selene takes Michael to a safe house so that she can return to the mansion to confront Kraven. She knows Kraven intends to kill Markus and plans to stop him. However, Singe's blood has already awakened Markus before Kraven arrives. Markus wipes out Kraven and his men, and destroys the mansion. Lorenz Macaro, an elderly and imposing man, sends in a team of "cleaners" to investigate the aftermath from the battle in the Lycans' lair. When Macaro examines Viktor's body he finds a metal disk inside his ribcage which is the match to Sonja's pendant. The other half of the pendant is in the possession of Selene and Michael. Markus learns of Selene and Michael's location from camera surveillance of various safe houses and leaves to track them down. He attacks Selene and Michael, who evade him and hide in a warehouse. While inside, Selene and Michael share their feelings and have intercourse. Now knowing that the pendant is of some importance to Markus, Michael and Selene set out to solve its mystery. Selene recalls that she'd seen it as a child, but doesn't know its significance. To find answers, they travel to the hideout of the exiled vampire historian, Andreas Tanis. Selene and Michael confront Tanis, who reveals that Markus, not Viktor, was the first vampire; one of the three sons of Alexander Corvinus, the first immortal. Markus was bitten by a bat and became a vampire; his twin brother, William, was bitten by a wolf and became a werewolf. The third son remained human his entire life and gave rise to a line of descendants including Michael, who became the first Lycan-Vampire Hybrid. The first werewolves created by William were entirely animal and unable to take human form again. Due to William's destructiveness, Markus approached Viktor, a warlord dying of old age, and offered to turn him and his army into immortal vampires in exchange for tracking down and stopping William, and in destroying those he had infected. Markus intended to capture his brother and tame him, but Viktor ordered that William be locked away forever, far away from Markus. Viktor did not kill the brothers because he believed that doing so would result in the immediate extinction of all other vampires and his Lycan slaves . Tanis also reveals that Selene's father was the architect who built William's prison and that the pendant is a key. After Lucian's escape, Viktor killed Selene's family as they knew of the prison's location, but turned Selene into a vampire. Tanis then refers Selene and Michael to Lorenz Macaro for help. Shortly after they leave, Markus arrives and questions Tanis, who lies desperately and tries to evade telling Markus he told Selene the family secrets. Tired of hearing Tanis' lies, Markus learns the truth by drinking his blood, leaving Tanis dead. Selene and Michael go to see Lorenz Macaro, who is actually Alexander Corvinus. Alexander reveals that he has devoted his life to containing the Vampire-Lycan War from the mortal world, however, he refuses to help kill his sons. When Markus arrives, he impales Michael on a small pole and learns the location of William's hidden prison by drinking Selene's blood. He then attacks and mortally wounds his father and obtains the other half of the pendant, after deriding his father's refusal to help William and revealing he and William intend to rule the world as god-like masters of a race of hybrids. On Alexander's bidding, Selene drinks his blood, enhancing her physical strength and healing abilities to a level equivalent to that of a Hybrid such as Michael and Markus themselves.{{citation needed}} When Selene asked what she would become, Alexander simply stated "the future". Afterwards, Alexander blows up his ship, killing himself. Selene, aboard Corvinus' helicopter, leads the cleaners to the prison to confront and destroy Markus, but he has already freed William. A battle ensues in which William bites the cleaners and begins turning them into werewolves. Michael, presumed to be dead inside his body-bag aboard the helicopter, suddenly regenerates and joins the fight in his Hybrid form. He ultimately kills William by tearing his head apart. Selene is then stabbed in the abdomen by Markus, but it doesn't kill her and she pushes him into the crashed helicopter's spinning blades, killing him. After the battle, Selene suddenly notices that her hand is fully bathed in sunlight coming from the roof above, and she remains unharmed. Selene narrates that she fears the days ahead, as the death of the Elders will cause nothing but chaos, but she is nevertheless hopeful.