The film begins in Belsen where Victoria Kowelska reflects on the destruction of her house and family by the Nazis. Her best friend Karin tells her of her son in America and her life there. Karin dies shortly before liberation and Victoria decides to take her identity . The major interviewing her is at first suspicious, but clearly he is attracted to her. He does not know they will later meet... Having found her way to New York she tracks down her family ties to a house in the rich area of San Francisco known as Telegraph Hill. On discussing her background with the family lawyer, Alan Spender, he is at first suspicious but then accepts her as Karin. He proceeds to wine and dine her... then marry her. Her son has been looked after by Margaret, who clearly also has a thing for Spender but is allowed to stay. The four of them live together in the house. Victoria  bumps into the major who is a friend of her new husband, at a party at their house and befriends him. He is clearly in love with her too. Tensions grow between Karin and Margaret and Margaret is dismissed after an argument. However, it then becomes clearer that it is Alan Spender who seeks to get rid of Karin, not Margaret. The car's brakes fail, almost killing Karin. At first Margaret is suspected, but this changes when it becomes clear that Karin's son was also meant to be in the car. Motives become clearer, and Karin reports various findings to the major. Margaret is forgiven and readmitted to the house. One night Karin is sure her orange juice has been poisoned. Alan has indeed poisoned it, and has fixed the phones so calls cannot be made. He returns to the bedroom and drinks his own glass of orange juice. He then explains his plot. Karin, who clearly still has feelings for him, tells him he has poisoned himself because she switched the glasses. She tries to telephone a doctor but can't get through. Alan explains how to fix the phones and it is left to Margaret to call. However, Margaret decides not to call. Alan dies. The police accept the sequence of events, but Margaret is taken away to be potentially charged for not calling a doctor. Karin, having by now revealed her true identity to the major, declares her love for him and he declares his for her. But they can no longer live in the house on Telegraph Hill.