In Corsica, the entire Franchi clan gather in anticipation of the birth of the child of Count and Countess Franchi . Dr. Enrico Paoli  informs the count that his wife has given birth to Siamese twins. Count Franchi insists he try to separate them surgically, even after Paoli tells him that it would be a miracle if the babies survived. Before he can begin, however, the Franchis' bitter rivals the Colonnas launch a surprise attack, led by Baron Colonna . All of the Franchis are killed except the babies, who are carried to safety by Paoli and faithful family retainer Lorenzo . Later, Paoli successfully separates the boys, but wonders if he has done the right thing. Since Colonna has found out that twins were born, Paoli agrees to let Count Franchi's good friends, Monsieur and Madame Dupre , take Mario Franchi to Paris raise as their own son, while Lorenzo hides in the hills with Lucien Franchi. Twenty years pass. Lucien, now a bandit leader in Corsica, has a strange bond with his brother. More and more frequently, Lucien experiences what Mario does, though he has not been told about his twin. Lorenzo dismisses it as just dreams. At a Paris theatre, Mario saves Countess Isabelle Gravini  from being annoyed by a marquis. When Mario is stabbed in the back by the marquis after a duel, Lucien also feels the pain. Finally, when the twins are twenty-one years old, Paoli reunites them. They both swear to avenge their parents by killing Colonna, now the tyrannical ruler of Corsica. In addition, Lucien confirms that what he experienced actually occurred to Mario. They begin slaying Colonna's relatives, one by one, pretending to be the same person, leaving Colonna wondering how the bandit chief could be in two widely separated places in such a short time. Meanwhile, Colonna decides to marry Isabelle. When her father ([[Pedro de Cordoba  refuses to consider the union, he is poisoned. Mario tells Isabelle of Colonna's intentions and hand in her father's death; she flees with Mario to the bandit camp. There they fall in love. A confused Lucien consults Dr. Paoli, unsure whether his own love for Isabelle is real or just a reflection of his brother's feelings. When Paoli is unable to answer, Lucien decides he must kill Mario in order to be truly free to live his own life. After Lucien confesses his love to Isabelle and embraces her against her will, Mario finds out and confronts him. Lucien tries to kill his hated brother; Lorenzo breaks up the knife fight. Unaware of this development, Isabelle decides to return to Paris to avoid creating a rift between the brothers. On the way, however, she is spotted and taken to Colonna. Colonna's trusted adviser, Tomasso ([[John Emery , finally figures out that the Franchi twins are behind everything. They set a trap, using Isabelle as the bait. When Lucien refuses to risk his men, Mario pretends to be a French jeweler to try to rescue Isabelle. Maria , Colonna's mistress, helps him, but he is recognized and captured. He is whipped to try to extract Lucien's hiding place. Colonna forces Paoli to attend. When Mario faints, Paoli administers a drug that makes it appear as if Mario has died. Later, he manages to revive the young man. Lucien, no longer sensing his bond to Mario, believes his brother is dead. He takes his band to deal with Colonna. He catches Colonna unarmed, but is fatally shot in the back by Tomasso. He manages to kill Tomasso before collapsing. Then Mario appears. In a sword fight, the last Franchi slays the last Colonna. Before Lucien dies, he reconciles with his brother.