Set in modern times, the film takes place within the dreams of Rosaleen , a young girl. Rosaleen dreams that she lives in a fairytale forest with her parents (Tusse Silberg and [[David Warner  and sister , but one day her sister is killed by wolves. While her parents are mourning, Rosaleen goes to live with her grandmother , who knits a bright red shawl for her granddaughter to wear. The superstitious old woman gives Rosaleen an ominous warning, to beware men whose eyebrows meet. Rosaleen returns to her village, but finds that she must deal with the advances of an amorous boy . Rosaleen and the boy take a walk through the forest, but the boy discovers that the village's cattle have come under attack from a wolf. The villagers set out to hunt the wolf, but once caught and killed, the wolf's corpse transforms into that of a human being. Rosaleen later takes a basket of goods through the woods to her grandmother's cottage, but on her way she encounters an attractive huntsman , whose eyebrows meet. He challenges her, saying that he can find his way to her grandmother's house before she can, and the pair set off. The hunter arrives at Rosaleen's grandmother's house first, where he reveals his bestial nature and eats her. Rosaleen arrives later and discovers the carnage, but her need to avenge her grandmother is complicated by her desire for the hunter. In the ensuing scuffle, Rosaleen succeeds in shooting the huntsman with his own rifle. But instead of dying, the hunter contorts in pain and transforms into his wolf shape. Rosaleen takes pity on the wounded beast, noting that his pack is leaving him behind. She sits down, and begins petting the wolf kindly and tenderly. Ultimately the villagers arrive at the house, looking for a werewolf within. Instead, they discover that Rosaleen herself has become a wolf. She and the huntsman escape to the forest, joined by a growing pack. It is strongly suggested that the couple have chosen each other as mates. Back in the present day, Rosaleen awakes with a scream, wolves apparently breaking through the window of her bedroom. Perrault's moral from Le Petit Chaperon Rouge is then read over the beginning of the credits. The moral warns girls to beware of charming strangers. Throughout the course of the film, a number of stories are interspersed into the main narrative as tales told by several of the characters: *Granny's tale to Rosaleen: A young groom  is about to bed his new bride  when a 'call of nature' summons him outside. He disappears and his bride is terrified to see wolves howling outside. A search the following day yields a wolf paw print only. Years later, she remarries and has children, only to have her original husband finally return. Angered at her having had children with a new husband, the groom transforms into his werewolf form, but is slain when the new husband ([[Jim Carter  returns. *Granny's second tale to Rosaleen: A young man is walking through the enchanted forest when he encounters the Devil (Terence Stamp; anachronistically arriving in a chauffeured [[Rolls-Royce , who offers the boy a transformative potion, which ultimately monstrously transforms him against his will. *Rosaleen's story to her mother: A woman  'done a terrible wrong' by a rich, young nobleman  turns up at his wedding party, where she magically transforms the groom, the bride and the guests into wolves. They flee into the forest, but the sorceress commands that the wolves 'serenade' her and her child each night. *Rosaleen's story to the huntsman/wolf: A she-wolf from the world beneath arrives at a village. Despite meaning no harm, she is shot by a villager. She reveals herself in her human form  to an old priest , who bandages her wound. Ultimately she returns to her world through the village well.