Ben Garvey is a reformed criminal on parole and he lives with his wife and fathers his young daughter. One day, he unexpectedly loses his job because of his criminal records, and he turns to his ex-con brother which subsequently leads to a laboratory robbery of gold dust gone horribly wrong, and his brother killed. Ben, with his long record of robberies, is sentenced to death. He says goodbye to his wife and daughter and goes to the execution chamber. After the sentence, he wakes up from his lethal injection near a psychiatric hospital in a small Oregon town, where he is told that he has been given a second chance from God and to begin work as a groundskeeper at the local mental hospital to live on. As time goes on, and with a wife and daughter he left behind, he wonders whether he has truly cheated death or if he has become part of a far more sinister plan for him. He meets two patients, a schizophrenic named Robbie and a murderer named William. William is very unstable and attacks Ben several times. Ben notices a tattoo on William's forearm. While Ben is in his cabin, he encounters a dog. Ben takes the dog in and names him Dog . Meanwhile, a skin irritation starts to develop on Ben's own forearm. He also meets a psychiatrist named Julie with whom he starts developing a relationship. Ben wants to leave the town to go back to his wife and daughter, despite warnings from Avery, who Ben thinks is the Angel that gave him the second chance. Avery states that if Ben leaves town he will immediately die. Ben attempts to leave on a bus, despite seeing a demon but he gets off at the last stop before the town exit. The next day he sees in a newspaper that the bus crashed and everybody onboard the bus died. One night, William escapes confinement and commits suicide in front of Ben, saying that "they can't follow him in heaven". Ben starts looking through things he finds in his cabin as to the origins of William's tattoo. Similar to Robbie, he starts getting paranoid that he is being watched. One night he sees a demon and starts running through the woods. He falls and loses consciousness. When he awakens, Ezra  tells Ben that Ben is in fact a patient at the hospital. He states that Ben burned down his house by falling asleep while smoking, resulting in the deaths of his wife and daughter and driving Ben insane. Ben reacts violently but comes to accept that many of the things, including the dog, the cabin, Avery, and his relationship with Julie are just hallucinations. He manages to get back his permissions to be a groundskeeper at the hospital with Robbie. One day, he finds a frisbee in a tree which makes him suspicious because he got the frisbee stuck in a tree while playing with the seemingly hallucinated Dog. He visits the animal shelter in town and finds Dog there, who was picked up a week ago . He looks through Ezra's computer and looks at the patient files. He finds that both he and William had an implant in their forearm  that causes hallucinations. He removes his own implant and copies the harddrive to a flash drive. Ben goes to his cabin and finds that it is wired with a security camera. He then goes down to the basement and finds a door which he was afraid to enter before. He finds Avery at several monitors that display feeds from security cameras. He beats Avery up for making him think that he was crazy. As he is about to kill Avery with an axe he is stopped by Ezra who explains that he is running a project that is designed to change people who were on death row for the better. Ben is still angry and declares the program a failure, citing William as an example. He then simply walks away because he sent Ezra's harddrive to his wife and if he doesn't stop her then she will view the contents and release them to the press. Ezra is powerless to do anything. The movie ends with Ben going home with the Dog and meeting his wife who is overjoyed that he is still alive because she thought he was dead, and they share an embrace.{{cite news}} Reuters