In 1939, Captain Daniel McCormick  is a reckless test pilot. After a successful run in a prototype North American B-25 Mitchell bomber, McCormick is greeted by his longtime friend, Harry Finley , who confides that his latest experiment, "Project B", has succeeded in doing the impossible. The machine, built by Finley and his team of scientists, is a prototype chamber for cryonic freezing. When McCormick's girlfriend, Helen  goes into a coma from an accident and the doctors doubt she will ever recover, McCormick insists he be put in suspended animation for one year, so he will not have to watch Helen die. Fifty-three years later, two boys playing inside an abandoned military storage warehouse stumble onto the chamber . Twisting the dials, they accidentally activate the reversal process. During the confusion, McCormick's sleeping form reflexively grabs one boy's coat. They flee in terror, and shortly after, McCormick awakens in 1992. After appropriating shorts and a shirt from a clothesline, he first approaches the military about his experiences. When they dismiss him as crazed, McCormick becomes more determined to learn what happened to Finley, Helen, and the world that has seemingly evolved overnight around him. His search leads him to Nat Cooper , one of the two boys who opened the chamber, and owner of the aforementioned jacket. Though the boys are initially terrified, McCormick is able to calm Cooper and his friend with the truth of his story. After he is hidden in Nat's treehouse with a secret stash of junk food , he notices Clare  being beaten by an abusive man, an alcoholic ex-boyfriend. After McCormick receives a gash in the fight, Claire  fixes it up and a bond develops between her and McCormick. This bond is strengthened when she offers McCormick a place to stay, until he can discover what to do with his search. Nonetheless, McCormick's time is running out, as his body starts to age rapidly, due to the years he spent in stasis. When another "aging attack" practically cripples McCormick, Claire is told the amazing truth. Susan, Finley's daughter, informs him that her father died many years earlier . Susan also gives McCormick her father's journals, hoping he can use them to reverse his own condition . Before leaving, Susan gives McCormick one further revelation: Helen is alive. The government is also after McCormick, but in the end, Claire hands over the crucial information on "Project B", and no one is arrested as the government investigates what went wrong. McCormick's final task is to find Helen in the present day. Nat stows away on board a B-25 bomber, taken from an airshow, which he helps McCormick land when another attack nearly kills him. His true age having finally caught up with him, the now-elderly McCormick asks Helen to marry him, and she accepts.