In 1792 during the Reign of Terror of the French Revolution, a mysterious English nobleman known only as The Scarlet Pimpernel  snatches French aristocrats from the jaws of the guillotine while posing as the wealthy but foppish and seemingly empty-headed Sir Percival Blakeney. After rescuing the Count de Beaulieu and his family, Percy becomes introduced to the beautiful French actress Marguerite St. Just through her brother, Armand, whom he rescued from an attack. Marguerite however is in a relationship with Paul Chauvelin, an agent of Maximilien Robespierre. Due to the Scarlet Pimpernel's past successes, Chauvelin is assigned to discover his identity and capture him. Percy and his associates smuggle another aristocrat out of the city while picnicking with Marguerite. Meanwhile, Chauvelin deduces that the Scarlet Pimpernel must be an English nobleman, and tries to coerce the Count de Tournay to spy on the English court for the Republic. Later, Marguerite and Chauvelin have an argument over the executions and and he angrily departs. Percy reveals his identity to Armand and convinces him to use his connections to Chauvelin to investigate the French prison holding the Dauphin, son of the former King of France. The Scarlet Pimpernel and his associates rescue de Tournay's family. Percy marries Marguerite, but soon discovers that she seemingly signed the death warrant of the Marquis de St. Cyr and his family, the man responsible for the previous attack on Armand. Believing that she was seeking revenge and is still in league with Chauvelin, Percy becomes distrustful of his new wife. Unaware that he thinks she signed the death warrant, Marguerite unhappily notices his rising disdain for her. Armand advises Percy to tell Marguerite about his suspicions so that she may defend herself; Percy refuses, but still notes that he will love her until the day he dies. Chauvelin discovers that Armand is in league with the Scarlet Pimpernel, and summons him back to Paris. Blackmailing Marguerite into saving her brother's life, Chauvelin coerces her into discovering the vigilante's identity. After finding that the Scarlet Pimpernel is to rendezvous at midnight, Marguerite tells Chauvelin. However, she immediately warns the Scarlet Pimpernel  and adds that Chauvelin betrayed her trust and faked her signature. Having been thwarted from encountering them, Chauvelin angrily leaves for Paris. Percy and his associates also depart for France to save Armand and the Dauphin. Marguerite notices that Percy's family crest bears a scarlet pimpernel, and quickly deduces his identity. After Armand arranges the firing of the gaolers in charge of the Dauphin's care, Percy and his associates use the removal of their belongings to smuggle the Dauphin out of the city. The boy is taken to a castle on the French coast, while Percy is captured while trying to save Armand. Marguerite visits her husband in prison, where he tells her to arrange for the Baron de Batz  to smuggle the boy out of France the following night. At the same time, Percy agrees to personally bring Chauvelin to the Dauphin. Chauvelin and Percy  arrive at the castle, but the Dauphin has already been removed. An upset Chauvelin orders Percy's execution, but the league of the Scarlet Pimpernel allows for his rescue. Percy returns to duel with Chauvelin, and is victorious. Percy decides to leave Chauvelin's fate to Robespierre. Impersonating Chauvelin to ensure their escape, Armand departs from the castle along with the French troops that Chauvelin had stationed there. Percy and Marguerite sail away, happily in love.