{{Plot}} Aircraft factory worker Barry Kane  is wrongly accused of starting a fire at a Glendale, California airplane plant during World War II, an act of fifth columnist sabotage that killed his friend Mason. Kane believes that the real culprit is a man named Fry  who had handed him a fire extinguisher filled with gasoline, at the plant when the fire broke out, causing Mason's death. When the investigators find no one named “Fry” on the list of plant workers, they assume Kane is the real saboteur. They visit the home of Mason's mother, to ask if she knows where Kane is, but he has gone to get her some brandy, in an attempt to ease her suffering from the loss of her son. They come back as he returns, but she tells him to leave, breaking down in tears. Kane and Mason had seen Fry's name on an envelope the saboteur had dropped before the fire, so Kane heads to the address, a ranch in the High Desert, catching a ride from a garrulous truck driver. The ranch owner, Charles Tobin , appears to be a well-respected citizen, playing in the pool with his granddaughter, although it is later revealed that he is secretly in league with the saboteurs. The granddaughter hands some mail to Kane, when Tobin goes indoors to call the sheriff to arrest Kane. He returns to gloat, seeing Kane returning the letters, but Kane escapes on horseback, although he doesn't make it very far. In handcuffs, on the way to town, Kane manages to escape from the police, at a bridge blocked by the same truckdriver's vehicle. Kane escapes by jumping off the bridge, and manages to tumble one of the searching sheriff's officers into the river. The helpful truck driver misdirects the searchers, then watches as Kane climbs out of the river below on the other side of the bridge. Kane takes refuge with a kind blind man whose visiting niece is a billboard model, Patricia "Pat" Martin . Although her uncle asks her to take Kane to the local blacksmith shop to have his handcuffs removed, she instead attempts to take him to the police, believing it is the right thing to do. Despite her attempt to control Kane by wrapping his handcuffed arms around the steering wheel, Kane manages to turn the tables and kidnaps Martin, protesting his innocence to her. When she stops the car, and gets out, threatening to stop the first car that comes by, he uses the fan-belt pulley of her car's generator to cut off his handcuffs, causing the car to overheat shortly after. They arrive in the abandoned Soda City and stumble into an abandoned mine building, which turns out to be a staging area for the saboteurs' plan to blow up Boulder Dam. Kane is discovered by the saboteurs, but he manages to conceal Martin, and he convinces them the newspaper and radio accounts are true, that he is, in fact, a saboteur in league with them. After finding their plans to destroy the dam foiled, although the storyline does not explain why, Kane convinces the saboteurs to take him with them to New York City. He learns of their plans to sabotage the launching of a new U.S. Navy ship {{USS}} at the Brooklyn shipyard. Kane's performance has fooled Martin as well; she flees and contacts the authorities, hoping to get to New York in time to foil their plans for the next bit of sabotage. The saboteurs arrive in New York City, only to find the phone at their office disconnected, a sign the police are on to them. They drive to a Cut Rate Drugs drugstore, the site of Hitchcock's cameo appearance, where they walk through to a door, into a back room, then into a kitchen and out, into a ballroom, into the mansion of a New York dowager. When they walk into the library, to meet the dowager and other conspirators, Kane finds the captured Martin, who had gone to the police but was betrayed by a corrupt sheriff, part of the conspiracy. As Kane attempts to signal her that she should escape, Tobin arrives, immediately recognizing Kane and denouncing him as a foe of the conspiracy. He sneers at Kane's patriotism, causing Kane to question why someone who has benefited most from living in a free country would work to bring it down. Tobin ridicules Kane's simple-minded belief in good and evil, and claims he is in it for the "power". The saboteurs lock Kane in the cellar and Martin in an office at Rockefeller Center. Martin drops a note from her window, alerting cabbies on the street to "watch for the flickering lights above". They notify the FBI who rescue her. Meanwhile, desperate to escape, Kane triggers a fire alarm at the mansion and escapes in the pandemonium. Across the street, watching all the servants fleeing the mansion, Kane asks a man on the street if he knows whose place it is. The man answers that it is the "Sutton mansion", home of a well-known philanthropic older woman. Kane races to the shipyard, abandoning his taxi when it becomes stalled in traffic, because time is running out. At the gate to the Navy Yard, he is stopped by the guard, who turns him over to a Sergeant-of-the-Guard. He then eludes the MP Sergeant taking him to his superior. Desperate to warn someone of the impending sabotage, Kane runs into the Yard, then stumbles onto Fry, at the controls inside a fake newsreel truck. They struggle long enough for Kane to prevent Fry from pushing the bomb's detonator. The ship is safely out of the dock before Fry can detonate the bomb. Coming up with a pistol, Fry holds Kane prisoner, and has his accomplice drive them to Rockefeller Center. When they arrive, they find the police and FBI waiting to arrest them. Fry's flight from the officers takes him into a movie theatre, where he shoots a spectator to cause confusion to allow him to escape in the crowd. As he exits, Kane and Martin are exiting the building, Kane in the custody of an FBI agent. Seeing Fry getting into a taxi, Kane tells her to follow the spy wherever he goes. In a taxi herself, she follows Fry to Battery Park, as he smugly notes a capsized ship in the river while traveling by. At the Battery, she sees him get on a boat to Liberty Island. Martin follows him onto the boat, attracting his attention, then sees him walk into the pedestal. She calls the FBI office, then goes into the Statue herself, climbing to the top of the Statue of Liberty, where she strikes up a conversation with Fry, to stall the spy until Kane and the FBI arrive. An aggressive agent in the FBI office insists on taking Kane with him to the island, where Kane escapes his escort, racing into the pedestal. Martin calls down to Kane that Fry is getting away, so Kane, brought along to identify the spy, follows Fry up the narrow tunnel, onto the torch viewing platform. When Kane emerges from the tunnel, he confronts Fry, who backs up against the railing and loses his balance. Fry falls over the torch's railing, but manages to grab hold of the statue's hand. Kane climbs down in an attempt to rescue Fry. The police and FBI agent finally arrive at the torch, looking over the railing. When Fry's grip slips, Kane quickly grabs the sleeve of Fry's jacket. The camera focuses on the stitching of Fry's jacket sleeve as it parts, opening a tear and eventually giving way, as Fry tumbles to his death, with a loud, dramatic cry, leaving Kane holding the empty sleeve. Kane climbs carefully back up the thumb to the torch railing to embrace the waiting Martin.