 Two years ago, Tim Thomas , sending a text message while driving, caused a car crash in which seven people died: six strangers and his fiancee, Sarah Jenson . In a bid for redemption, Tim sets out to save the lives of seven good people, although this goal only becomes clear near the end of the film, or earlier for those viewers who are able to piece together the clues offered in flashbacks throughout the film.{{cite web}} A year after the crash, having quit his job as an aeronautical engineer, Tim donates a lung lobe to his brother, Ben , an IRS employee. Six months later he donates part of his liver to a social services worker named Holly . After that, he begins searching for more candidates to receive donations. He finds George , a junior hockey coach, and donates a kidney to him, and donates bone marrow to a young boy named Nicholas . Two weeks before he dies, he contacts Holly and asks if she knows anyone who deserves help. She suggests Connie Tepos , who lives with an abusive boyfriend. Tim moves out of his house and into a local motel, taking with him his pet box jellyfish. One night, after being beaten, Connie contacts Tim and he gives her the keys and deed to his beach house. She takes her two children and they move into their new home. Having stolen his brother's credentials, and making himself known by his brother's name Ben, he checks out candidates for his two final donations. The first is Ezra Turner , a blind meat salesman who plays the piano. Tim calls Ezra Turner and harasses him at work to check if he is quick to anger. Ezra remains calm and Tim decides he is worthy. He then contacts Emily Posa , a self-employed greeting card printer who has a heart condition and a rare blood type. He spends time with her, weeding her garden and fixing her rare Heidelberg Windmill press. He begins to fall in love with her and decides that, as her condition has worsened, he needs to make his donation. Tim's brother Ben tracks him down at Emily's house, demanding that Tim return Ben's IRS credentials. After an interlude with Emily, Tim leaves her sleeping and returns to the motel. He fills the bathtub with ice water to preserve his vital organs, climbs in, and commits suicide by pulling his box jellyfish into the water with him. His friend Dan  acts as executor to ensure that his organs are donated to Emily and Ezra. Ezra Turner receives his corneas and Emily receives his heart. Afterward, Emily meets Ezra at his concert at a park, and they begin to talk.