In 1952 Czechoslovakia, circus man Karel Cernik  struggles to keep together his beloved Cirkus Cernik, which belonged to his family before being nationalized by the Communist government. The government allows Cernik to manage the circus, but he grapples with deteriorating conditions in the circus, loss of his workers to the state, and tension with his willful daughter Tereza ([[Terry Moore  and his young second wife Zama , whom everyone suspects of being unfaithful. Cernik wants to end a budding romance between Tereza and roustabout Joe Vosdek ([[Cameron Mitchell , who has been with the circus for only a year. Cernik is interrogated at the headquarters of the S.N.B. state security in Pilzen on why he is not performing the Marxist propaganda acts dictated by the government. Cernik explains that the skits were not funny, and that audiences prefer his usual act. The S.N.B. chief  orders him to resume the required act, and to dismiss a longtime trouper who calls herself "The Duchess." Propaganda minister Fesker  casually asks him about a radio in his trailer, alerting Cernik to a spy in his midst. Cernik is fined and released, although Fesker believes that he is a threat to the state. Cernik, inspired by a recent spate of escapes from behind the Iron Curtain, has decided to escape over the border to Bavaria. Cernik suspects that Joe is the spy, but unknown to him, Tereza has learned that Joe is actually a deserter from the American Army who is planning an escape attempt of his own. Cernik's longtime rival Barovik visits and reveals that he knows of the escape plan. Barovik assures Cernik that because they are both circus men, that he will not betray him. Cernik agrees to leave behind most of his equipment for Barovik. Realizing that he must act swiftly, Cernik discovers that Krofta , who has worked for Cernik for twenty years, is actually the spy. Cernik ties up Krofta but is confronted by Fesker about a travel permit, which he issues to catch Cernik in the act of trying to escape. Fesker is about to pursue the circus when he is arrested by a commissar sergeant for issuing the travel permit. Joe reveals himself to Cernik, who incorporates him into the plan. At the border crossing, Krofta escapes, but is stopped by Cernik from warning the border guards. In the fracas Krofta mortally wounds him. Using an audacious and violent dash across the only bridge, most of the circus safely escape only to be told that Cernik has paid with his life. Obeying his dying wish, Zama orders the troupe to march on to their next performance.