After a high-speed freeway police chase, , puts Mabel "Madea" Simmons  in front of Judge Mablean, her trial is short-lived because the police officers did not mirandize Madea causing the judge to place Madea in an anger management course. After the trial, Brian  drives Madea, Mr. Brown ([[David Mann , and Madea's daughter Cora  back home from the court. After returning home, Madea finds a party taking place in her house by her brother, Joe . Madea uses a machine gun to scare the party goers away. Meanwhile, assistant district attorney Joshua Hardaway  is on the fast track to career success. But, Hardaway lands a case too personal to handle: prosecuting a young prostitute and drug addict, Candace Washington , with whom he is already acquainted. Hardaway asks his fiancée and fellow ADA Linda Davis  to fill in on his behalf. But when Josh takes Candy out to eat and gives her his card in case she needed any help, Linda fears Josh may be cheating on her. Linda does not want Josh spending time with Candy, threatening to leave Josh and telling him he shouldn't be helping people like Candace. Linda believes Josh should only socialize with a higher class of people. In the car, Cora, who is driving, told Madea about her anger management resolutions. During the middle of the conversation, a Cadillac CTS cuts ahead of them. After both of vehicles cross the intersection, Madea smashes her daughter's Chevrolet Uplander into the car ahead, causing it to deviate sharply to the right into a church site. At Dr. Phil's office, Madea consults with him for anger management course, but the consultation came to a bad ending when Madea answered a question with a same question he asked. Back in Madea's house, Madea called Cora to talk about sitting in the beauty salon for over 5 hours. While on the phone, Cora asks for some time with herself, causing Madea to get angrier than before. After Madea hangs up the phone, Joe warns her that she will get into trouble if she goes to the store, but Madea ignores him and goes anyway. At the Kmart store, Madea uses the forklift truck to remove a Pontiac Solstice out of a parking space, then she ecaped from the scene, which leads to her arrest by the SWAT team. Madea goes to the court again, where Judge Mathis sentences her to prison for 5 to 10 years for such dangerous behaviors. Outside the court house, Ellen  asks Joshua how he knows Candace. He tells Ellen that they were close friends from childhood through college, until one night when he took her to a party. He ended up leaving Candace behind at the party, where a group of his friends gang raped her, for which Joshua continues to harbor deep-seated guilt. Joshua asks Ellen to help Candace, Ellen gets her a job interview, but it results in sexual harassment by the interviewer, whom Candace kicks in the groin before ending it. At the district attorney's office, Joshua's friend, Chuck , another lawyer, runs into Linda, whom he discovers is falsifying Candace's file to deliberately get her sent to prison, a practice in which she has been engaged with other defendants as well, including Madea and Candace's friend Donna. Linda tells him to keep his mouth shut or she'll tell the head ADA that Chuck cheated on his bar exam to get his job. Candace runs away from Josh's apartment and is back on the streets working as a prostitute until she gets picked up by an undercover cop. When Candace ends up in prison, she discovers Donna  and Madea are there as well. While in prison, Madea befriends Candace, protecting her in a "motherly" way, and fights with Big Sal  who always flirting with and sexually harassing Candace. Candace, Madea, T.T., and Donna all attend a class taught by Ellen at the prison, mostly to get time off of their sentences. On Joshua's wedding day, Chuck, who is Joshua's best man at the wedding, tells Joshua that Linda had falsified Candace's file to get her sent to prison and away from Joshua. During the wedding ceremony, Joshua tells the entire congregation with their boss in attendance what Linda did. Josh leaves Linda at the altar while still in his wedding tuxedo. He then rushes to the prison where he kisses Candace and admits that he loves her. Because of the now-revealed news of Linda's tampering with client files, there is a public outcry and a protest movement gains momentum to set Madea, Candace, and the others free. Candace, Madea, and some other women that Linda prosecuted have their convictions overturned and are released, and it is revealed that Linda will go to prison for her crimes. Madea goes home with Mr. Brown, Cora, and Brian along with Candace going home with Joshua.