Lizzie Morrison  and nine-year-old deaf son Frankie  frequently relocate to keep one step ahead of her abusive ex-husband and his family. They are accompanied by her opinionated, chain-smoking mother Nell. Newly relocated in the Scottish town of Greenock, Lizzie accepts a job at the local fish and chips shop owned by a friendly woman named Marie, and enrolls Frankie in school. Through a Glasgow post office box, Frankie maintains a regular correspondence with someone he believes to be his father, Davey, who allegedly is a merchant seaman working on the HMS Accra. In reality, the letters he receives are written by his mother, who prefers maintaining this charade to telling her son the reason she fled her marriage. When the Accra docks at Greenock port, Lizzie in a panic concocts a scheme to hire a man to impersonate Davey, the abusive father. When her effort to find someone at the local pub fails, she enlists Marie's assistance. Marie arranges for her to meet an acquaintance who coincidentally is passing through town at the same time the Accra will be in port. When Lizzie and the stranger  meet, he doesn't tell her his name. He agrees to spend a day with Frankie in exchange for the meager payment Lizzie can offer him. When the stranger arrives at their home to pick up the boy, he brings him a book about marine life, one of Frankie's passions, and a bond is forged immediately. The two spend a day collecting on Frankie's bet at a soccer match from a school mate, ordering chips, and later in the evening setting up another half day visit. The second day is magical, with a wonderful stay at a dance, a walk to get around the "no past" ground rules, and the truth about Frankie's deafness—a "gift from his daddy." Lizzie relates that she left her husband and has been hiding and writing the letters to Frankie. The stranger says she is a great mom for protecting Frankie. They kiss goodbye. After the stranger leaves, she discovers he has returned her payments. Lizzie reluctantly visits the hospital without Frankie and experiences her husband's violent fury. Later when she tells Frankie that his dad is really sick, he writes a letter and draws a picture for his father. On a second visit, Lizzie brings the picture and a snapshot of Frankie. The chaos of the death scene is beautifully transformed by the exchange of gifts with a compassionate nurse as messenger. His death brings peace for them all. Later, when Lizzie asks Marie about the stranger, she learns that he is in fact Marie's brother. Frankie's last letter shows that he realizes the truth—that the stranger was not his real dad. Frankie carries on with his life, telling about his real dad passing, his friends and their gold stars in school, and football. Frankie hopes to see the stranger again. Frankie and his two friends toss the special skipping stone into the bay. Frankie and Lizzie sit in silence on a dock looking out to sea.