Stan and Ollie, after consorting with Seymore "Sy" Roberts, an old prospector, have been entrusted to deliver the deed to a gold mine the prospector discovered to the man's daughter, Mary Roberts , a poor young woman living in Brushwood Gulch who is consistently victimized by her cruel guardians, saloon owner Mickey Finn ([[James Finlayson , and his equally-cruel saloon-singer wife, Lola Marcel . Traveling by stage coach, they attempt to flirt with the woman  who is riding with them. She rebuffs the pair, and upon arriving in Brushwood Gulch, she complains to her husband, the town's sheriff . The angry sheriff orders the pair to leave on the next coach out of town, or else they'll be "riding out of here in a hearse". Stan and Ollie promise to do so once they have completed their mission. After dancing to "At the Ball, That's All" by The Avalon Boys, Stan and Ollie arrive at Mickey Finn's saloon. When Mickey Finn learns why they're here, he has Lola play Mary in order to hijack the deed from them. Stan and Ollie have never seen Mary before, and are duped by their charade. However, before leaving town, they encounter the real Mary Roberts and immediately try to get the deed back. The evil Finns will not surrender the deed, however, and a major struggle ensues as Stan and Ollie attempt to reclaim the deed. Stan manages to grab it, but Lola traps him in the bedroom and wrests the deed from him by tickling him into hysterics. After further chasing, Mickey and Lola manage to seal the deed into their safe. Ollie calls for the police, but the police turn out to be the angry sheriff, who chases Stan and Ollie out of town. Outside the town, Stan and Ollie plan to sneak back into Brushwood Gulch at night to reclaim the deed. They arrive at the saloon and, after a series of mishaps, manage to make it inside. They are met by Mary, who helps them open the safe, grab the deed and escape before Mickey Finn can intervene. Outside the town again, and accompanied by Mary, the happy trio sing "We're Going to See My Home in Dixie" as they head off into the sunset with Ollie yet again falling into the hole in the pond. Unlike most of Laurel and Hardy's films and shorts, the story ends has a happy ending as opposed to the usual 'unfortunate ending'.