Artemy , professor of Scientific Atheism at the Leningrad State University, is visiting his brother in a small neighboring town Leninsk. There he meets Valery , a young man who is dating his niece and has come to take her to a party. On the way back from Leninsk to Leningrad Artemy's car breaks down and he goes into an isolated farmhouse to get help. Artemy gets to talking with the farmhouse owner, Alexey ([[Aleksei Serebryakov . The two drink together homemade alcohol and argue about faith in God and retribution from sins, the professor defending the Soviet atheist worldview. Artemy also encounters Alexey's wife, Antonina , as well as Sunka , a Vietnamese worker working at the farm, who seems to be practically a personal slave of Alexey's, and a third stranger who is not explained at the time. Sunka worker finally fixes Artemy's car and the professor drives on. Meanwhile, Valery goes to a party by himself, since his girlfriend  needs to study. At the concert Valery meets another female student friend of his named Angelika , the daughter of a high-ranking Communist Party official, and they drink together. After the party, in search of more alcohol, Valery drives with her to a farm of moonshiners, which turns out to be the same farm Artemy had visited earlier. Valery tells Angelika to stay in the car while he gets the alcohol. However, instead of returning directly to the car, he gets drunk senseless with the moonshiner, Alexey. Angelika, waiting in the car, notices that she is being watched by a strange man. She gets scared, and tries to get help from Antonina, who gives the girl a shotgun and hides her in a barn. The stranger, who turns out to be a police officer Captain Zhurov , enters the barn and takes away the gun. When Sunka tries to defend the girl, Zhurov murders him, then rapes the girl with a bottle . In the morning he handcuffs her, taking her to his flat in Leninsk, and keeps the girl handcuffed to a bedframe in his bedroom, watched over by his deranged alcoholic mother, while he brings local small time criminals in to rape her, killing one after he fails to "please" the girl. The girl threatens that her fiancé, who is an army paratrooper, will save her. Captain Zhurov finds out, however, that her fiance had just been killed in Afghanistan. He arranges to have the zinc-lined coffin shipped to his apartment where he opens it and throws the corpse on the bed next to the screaming girl. Alexey the moonshiner is arrested for the killing of his Sunka. Captain Zhurov visits Alexey in his cell and convinces him to take the blame for the crime. Alexey gets a visit from his wife Antonina and explains to her why he has to agree to confess for earlier favors from the captain. Antonina meets Artemy, the professor whose testimony might exonerate her husband, but Artemy refuses to testify since that would jeopardize his academic career. Alexey is convicted, sentenced to the death penalty, and summarily executed. Antonina takes a shotgun and goes to Zhurov's apartment, where she encounters screaming Angelica still chained to the bed next to the rotting corpses. She shoots and kills Zhurov, then walks out without attempting to help the girl. Meanwhile, Artemy enters a church and asks to be baptized. In the last scenes Valery , is shown discussing business propositions with a friend of his . The two are excited about the amount of money that can be made in the disintegrating country.