Davey Graham  arrives at an upper class party to sell drugs to a woman named Stella. As he leaves, Stella's date watches him and makes a call on his cell phone. Outside the party, three men are waiting for Davey in a black Range Rover, including a car dealer named Boad . The men follow Davey around London, finally attacking him just as he's headed home. Two of the men drag Davey off the street and into a garage, where they hold him down as Boad rapes him. At dawn, Davey emerges from the garage and stumbles home, where he draws a bath for himself and gets in fully clothed. Several hours later, his friend Mickser  arrives to pick up Davey. He discovers Davey dead in the bathtub, with his throat slashed. Mickser visits Helen  and asks her how to get in touch with Davey's brother Will . She says that she has stopped receiving letters from Will, who left London three years earlier. Will has been working as a logger in the country. He's unshaven with long hair, and he lives out of a van. After he's fired from his job for having no papers, he heads to the sea to take a ferry out of England when he sees Davey in the terminal. After realizing it was a hallucination, he begins calling Davey's flat. Receiving no answer, he returns to London, where he learns that Davey is dead. His return to London stirs up the anxiety of crime boss Frank Turner , who sends word to Will that he should leave town after he buries his brother. Will's old cohorts urge him to return for good, saying that Turner could be overtaken easily. Will makes it clear that he is not interested in returning to his old life. He visits Helen and apologizes for leaving her. He explains that he has been grieving for 'a life wasted', lamenting the fact that Davey also wasted his. Will orders a second post-mortem to try and determine why Davey would kill himself. It reveals that he was raped the night before he died, in addition to the fact that Davey ejaculated during the rape. The coroner explains that it was a result of the anal stimulation, surmising that Davey probably killed himself over the shame he felt after involuntarily ejaculating during the rape. He refers Will to a psychologist who can explain the phenomenon more eloquently. As Will listens to the psychologist explain the mindset of the rapist and the mental damage of a rape victim, he takes his first drink in three years. Mickser visits the woman who hosted the party where Davey made his sale. The hostess remembers seeing the man make a phone call as Davey left, and she tracks down his identity. Will and Mickser visit the man who leads them to Boad. During a dinner party at Boad's house, Will cases the grounds and leaves. Meanwhile, Will's cohorts pull a prank at Turner's house, hogtying one of his bodyguards in a bra and panties. Irate, Turner hires an Irish hitman to retaliate. Will visits a garage and uncovers a vintage Jaguar. He retrieves a suitcase from the trunk and checks into a hotel. The suitcase is full of money and clothes, in addition to a gun. Will has a suit pressed and orders a barber to cut off his long hair and beard. Clean cut and in his suit, he has the Jaguar washed and heads to Boad's house. On his way, he calls Helen and tells her to pack a bag. Turner's hitman is waiting outside her house, though. At Boad's, Will trips the alarm on a car in the garage, drawing Boad out of the house. Will kills his dog and then points his gun at Boad, asking him why he raped Davey. Boad explains that he'd been following Davey for six weeks, fascinated by how fake he was. He hated the way that Davey waltzed through life, conning everyone with good looks and charm. Boad says that he wanted to make Davey realize that he was worthless. Will tells Boad that he will kill him later, because killing him at that moment would be too easy. As he's walking away from the house, he pauses and then returns to the garage and kills Boad. Helen is shown being held hostage by the hitman who is waiting for Will to pick her up. The film ends on an ambiguous note as Will watches a man hitting golf balls into the ocean. It is the same shot and voiceover which open the film. Will speaks about how most thoughts are just memories, and after someone is gone, the memories of him are all that's left. He gets into his car and drives off.