The film is a series of vignettes presented as the broadcast of the first animal Olympic Games through the fictional ZOO television network. Because of the combination of the two short cartoons, the Games combine both summer and winter Olympic events. Many of the characters presented, both ZOO crewmembers and Olympic participants, are celebrity caricatures. Unlike the real Olympics, continents are represented rather than countries. The continents featured are North America, South America, Eurasia, Europe, Africa, Australia, and Asia. Eurasia represented Eastern Europe , reflecting the Summer Olympics scheduled to be held in Moscow, whereas Europe represented Western and Central Europe. South America is only briefly represented in soccer. Australia is represented briefly by a bobsled team. The only mention of areas other than continents are the New York Rats soccer team, Dean Wilson being from California, a Central American marathon runner named Pepe Repanosa and an Acapulco cliff diver, marathon runner Terry Hornsby being from Boulder, Colorado, René Fromage being from France, and Kurt Wüfner appearing at the downhill event right before a Scandinavian is given a gold medal. Although many of the segments could easily stand alone, there are a number of recurring events and important characters. The largest such story is the coverage of the marathon, where competitors René Fromage  and Kit Mambo  are the favorites to win. Both determined to win &mdash; Fromage having devoted his entire life to the marathon, Mambo determined to make a name for herself &mdash; they find themselves surprised when their minds wander to thoughts of mutual admiration and then to love, culminating in the pair holding hands for the rest of the race and crossing the finish line together. Another important story is that of Kurt Wuffner, German dachshund skier, and his disappearance to Dogra-la  during a mountain climbing expedition shortly after the slalom event. In various parts of the film, references to past medalists and athletics are indicated. Because it is clearly stated that it is the first Animalympics, the highlights of other events must be from other events such as world championships. In fact, figure skater Dorrie Turnell is indicated as having won the Junior World Championship. Some events are only referenced rather than being covered. In the song "We've Made It to the Top", various events are shown that are otherwise not covered: *Hammer Throw *Shotput *Javelin *Cycling *Relay Racing Also referenced but not covered: *Boxing- only a highlight reel is provided after the match, despite being previewed as "coming up after the basketball game" *Speed Skating- previewed, but not actually shown *Water Polo- mentioned as happening earlier in the week