A very large female anaconda captured from the Amazon River basin and another larger and smarter male anaconda are being held in a scientific lab owned Wexel Hall for experimentation. The research project is led by Dr Amanda Hayes  and funded by Murdoch , a well-known industrialist. While visiting the facility, Murdoch agitates the male anaconda with a large flashlight, and he is gassed to calm him down. However, as Murdoch, his assistant Pinkus , and a scientist leave, the anaconda breaks through his enclosure's wall. As it escapes, it kills many of the people working in the lab,Cupboard escapes the destruction. In looking through the facility, Amanda and another researcher realize that the second  anaconda has also escaped. Murdoch calls in a team of animal hunters, led by Hammett , to capture both snakes. Amanda and Pinkus go with them. At a small farm in the middle of the woods, the owner is eaten alive by one of the snakes. The hunting party arrives later and begin formulating a plan of attack. During the first confrontation with the snake, two of the party are killed: Captain Gronzy is stabbed by the genetically altered Anaconda's very sharp knifed-tail and Dragosh loses his head. Hammett arrives and gives the team a lecture on how to kill the snake. As the group splits up, Amanda heads into a car with two other team members: Victor  and Sofia . During the next confrontation with the snake, a car crash results, the Anaconda spat Victor burning his face very hot, injuring Sofia with a cracked leg and leaving Amanda in the car. As Amanda is about to help her. the snake reappears and crunches Sofia. Amanda is rescued by Hammett and both of them escape. As they regroup, Amanda reluctantly reveals that the queen snake is pregnant and will give birth to more genetically "special" offspring in less than 24 hours. The teams wants to call in the military, but Hammett forbids it and threatens Amanda with jail time for her role in creating it. In the morning, the party begins searching for the snake, but Pinkus has lost his hand then later killed. While Hammett searches for it on foot, Amanda and two of the three remaining hunters: Nick  and Amanda search in the jeep. They spot the snakes going into an old factory, and follow them in to plant explosives around the building. Before they can finish, the black male attacks. Nick helps Amanda escape but is captured himself. Before the snake stabs him, he is able to discharge a grenade, stabbing himself with a knife tail and the snake. Hammett and his last remaining hunter: Andrei  arrive and hear the grenade go off. As the two of them meet Amanda inside the factory, Andrei moves to set the charges, so Hammett kills him, causing Amanda and to realize that Hammett is working for a party wanting a live baby anaconda . Inside the building, the queen gives birth. After wounding Hammett, Amanda sets the timer on the explosives and escapes from the building, leaving Hammett to be attacked by the baby snakes while he tries to reach the bomb. Once she is at a safe distance, the explosives detonate. As she sits by a roadside burning all of her documentation on the snake research, one of Murdoch's men drives by, heading from the factory where he found one baby snake still alive, to deliver the snake to Murdoch.