The film's primary protagonists are Roy Knable , a couch potato, struggling Seattle plumbing salesman and former fencing athlete, and his neglected wife Helen , a senior vitamin product manager. After a fight , Mr. Spike  appears at the couples' door, offering him a new high tech satellite dish system filled with 666 channels of programs one cannot view on the four big networks . What Roy doesn't know is that Spike  is an emissary from hell who wants to boost the influx of souls by arranging for TV junkies to be killed in the most gruesome and ironic situations imaginable. The 'candidates' are sucked into a hellish television world, called Hell Vision, and put through a gauntlet where they must survive a number of satirical versions of sitcoms and movies. If they can survive for 24 hours they are free to go but if they get killed then their souls will go to Satan. The dish eventually sucks Roy and Helen into this warped world. They are pursued by Spike, who enters some shows along with the Knables in order to halt their advance. Roy and Spike continue to fight throughout several shows, even in a cloak-and-dagger scenario where Roy displays his long-buried talent as a fencer. Through tenacity and sheer luck, the Knables keep surviving, and their young son Darryl , who sees and recognizes his parents fighting for their lives on the TV set. He and his older sister Diane  are able to provide important assistance from the real world. This infuriates Spike to the point that he makes good on Roy's contract, releasing him but not Helen as she was not in the system under contract. Roy re-enters the system to save Helen, bringing his own remote control with him, allowing them to control their journey. Roy confronts Spike in a Salt-N-Pepa music video, manages to get a hold of Spike's remote and uses it to save Helen from being run over by a train in a western movie. By pressing the "off" button on the remote, they are evicted from the TV set moments before it sucks their neighbor's Rottweiler into the TV and it destroys itself. In the end, Spike gets eliminated by the Rottweiler on the command of Crowley , a vengeful employee he banished to the system earlier and is then succeeded in his executive position by Pierce , a younger upstart employee. Roy, who has learned a valuable lesson after his adventure, has dramatically cut back on his TV viewing and taken a new job as a fencing teacher.