Lucy opens in 1960, at the filming of the final Lucille Ball - Desi Arnaz Show . It is evident that all is not well between television's most famous couple, who send scathing messages to each other through a nervous pageboy. Co-stars Vivian Vance and William Frawley  comment on the tense situation backstage. However, all performers put on their best front as Desi introduces the cast for the last time, with Lucille  gratefully accepting the audience's welcome. The story then flashes back to 1925, when young Lucy  was living in Celeron, New York. Her desire to perform leads her to an acting school in New York, where she encounters an icy and condescending pupil named Bette Davis  and an unreceptive instructor, who deems her no good and sends her home. Her grandfather is sued for all he's worth after a tragic shotgun incident involving a child. The injured child is left permanently paralyzed and the court leaves them penniless; declaring them bankrupt. Lucy does not give up, and spends the 1930s working as a model and cigarette girl in New York City before landing a job as a Goldwyn Girl and beginning her Hollywood career. After going through a few studios without achieving star recognition, she befriends Carole Lombard  and brings her family out west to live with her. After hiring a maid called Harriet , she meets a fellow contract player Desi Arnaz , who is co-starring with her in her latest film. Lucy and Desi begin their relationship together. After recovering from Lombard's death in 1943, she moves to Metro Goldwyn Mayer and becomes a red-head for her new picture DuBarry Was a Lady, with fellow comedian Red Skelton . All is not well on the home-front, however, what with Desi away in the service and persistent rumors of his infidelity. The death of her grandfather, Fred Hunt, and a devastating miscarriage only makes matters worse. After being released from MGM, silent movie legend Buster Keaton  takes Lucy under his wing, convinced of her talent as a clown. Her comedic skills further gestate on her new radio program, My Favorite Husband. Lucy not only becomes more convinced of her comedic abilities, but of her desire to work with Desi to keep them together. Gathering the radio team together, the idea for I Love Lucy is formed and pitched to CBS. Although skeptical of the public's readiness to buy Arnaz as Ball's husband, the couple set out to prove them wrong by performing musical and comedy routines on the road, and the network gives way, convinced the show will flop. It proves a huge success, however, and remains a favorite for the next six years, overcoming a communist scare and even incorporating Lucille's real-life second pregnancy into the show, forever changing the shape of television. By 1958, their company, Desilu had bought the former RKO studio where Lucille had once worked, and continued to expand as a television empire. Lucy and Desi's relationship problems increase, however, with Desi's worsening alcoholism and Lucille's fierce commitment to her craft making her more and more difficult to work with. By 1960, it was obvious they could not go on, and prepared to end their show along with their marriage. The film concludes after the taping has ended, with Lucy and Desi walking out of the studio, hand in hand, no longer a couple but still friends, bonded for life by what they had accomplished.