 Oskar, a meek 12-year-old boy, resides with his single mother Yvonne in the western Stockholm suburb of Blackeberg in 1981 and occasionally visits his father Erik in the countryside. Oskar's classmates regularly bully him, and he spends his evenings imagining revenge. One night, he meets Eli, who appears to be a pale girl of his age. Eli has recently moved into the next-door apartment to Oskar with an older man, Håkan. Eli initially informs Oskar that they cannot be friends. However, over time, they begin to form a close relationship, with Oskar lending his Rubik's Cube to Eli, and the two exchanging Morse code messages through their adjoining wall. Håkan requests that Eli stop seeing Oskar. After questioning Oskar about a cut on his cheek, Eli learns from Oskar about his being bullied by schoolmates and encourages him to stand up for himself. This inspires Oskar to enroll for weight-training classes after school. Meanwhile, Håkan has killed a local resident to provide blood for Eli, but fails to return with it. Eli subsequently waylays and kills a local resident named Jocke making his way home from a bar. Håkan attempts to hide the body in a lake and later makes another effort to obtain blood for Eli by trapping a student in a changing room after school. Håkan is discovered, but before he is apprehended, he pours concentrated hydrochloric acid onto his face, disfiguring it to prevent the authorities from identifying him and tracing Eli. Eli learns that Håkan has been taken to the hospital and scales the building to access his restricted room. Håkan opens the window for Eli and offers his neck to Eli for feeding. After Eli has fed, Håkan falls out the window. He lays on the snow supposedly breathing his last breaths. Now alone, Eli goes to Oskar's apartment and spends the night with him, during which time they agree to "go steady". While Eli states, "I'm not a girl", Oskar ignores this. During an ice skating field trip at a pond, some of Oskar's fellow students discover Jocke's body, hidden by Håkan. At the same time, Oskar finally stands up to his tormentors, who had threatened to throw him into the icy water. He strikes the leader of the bullies, Conny, on the side of the head with a pole, splitting his ear. Some time later, Oskar shows Eli a private place he knows. Unaware that Eli is a vampire, Oskar suggests that they form a blood bond, and cuts his hand, asking Eli to do the same. Eli, thirsting for blood but not wanting to harm Oskar, laps up his spilt blood before running away. Soon after, Eli attacks Virginia , a local woman who had stormed out of a drinking session with Jocke's old friends. Her boyfriend, Lacke, who was also Jocke's best friend, turns up in time to interrupt the attack. Virginia survives, but she soon discovers that she has become painfully sensitive to sunlight. Thirsting for blood, she pays a visit to her friend, the eccentric Gösta. Gösta's many cats attack her fiercely. In the hospital, Virginia, who has realized what she has become, asks an orderly to open the blinds in her room. When the sunlight streams in, she bursts into flames. Upon the realization of Eli's true nature, Oskar confronts Eli, who admits to being a vampire. Their trust for each other grows and Eli appears in front of his apartment. When Oskar questions the consequences of Eli entering without his expressed verbal invitation, Eli passes the threshold to his apartment and begins to profusely bleed until Oskar panics and cries out a verbal invitation. After their embrace, Oskar is initially upset by Eli's need to kill people for survival. However, Eli insists their bloodthirsty natures are alike, wherein Oskar wants to kill and Eli needs to kill, and encourages Oskar to "be me, for a little while." Afterwards, Eli changes out of bloody clothes and Oskar, deciding to sneak a peek, is horrified when he sees a scar where Eli's genitalia should be. Eli quickly leaves his apartment through his window when his mother returns home. Lacke, who has lost everything because of Eli, seeks out Håkan and Eli's apartment. He is suspicious of the apartment unit with the makeshift covered up windows. Breaking in, he discovers Eli asleep in the bathtub. Lacke holds a knife to Eli's neck while Eli is still sleeping. Oskar, who was hiding inside the apartment, sees what Lacke is doing and takes out his own knife. When Lacke finds it hard to see and lets sunlight into the room, Oskar shouts and Eli wakes up. A startled Lacke turns and throws his knife away when he sees Oskar. Eli immediately jumps on Lacke and kills him, feeding on his blood. Eli thanks Oskar and kisses him in gratitude. However, an upstairs neighbour is angrily knocking on the ceiling due to the disturbance the fight has caused. Eli realises that it is no longer safe to stay and leaves the same night. The next morning, Oskar receives a phone call from Conny's friend, Martin, who lures Oskar out to resume the afterschool fitness program at the local swimming pool. The bullies, led by Conny and his sadistic older brother Jimmy, start a fire to draw Mr. Ávila, the teacher in charge, outside. While Ávila is distracted, they storm the pool and order the other children to clear out, which leaves Oskar trapped alone in the pool. Jimmy forces Oskar under the water, threatening to stab his eye out if he does not hold his breath for three minutes. While Oskar is underwater, however, there is commotion above the surface. Soon Jimmy's severed head drops into the pool, followed shortly by the arm which had held Oskar down. Eli then pulls Oskar out of the water. Three dismembered bodies lie around the pool, while Andreas, the reluctant fourth bully, sobs on a bench. Later, Oskar is traveling on a train with Eli in a box beside him, safe from sunlight. From inside, Eli taps the word "kiss" to Oskar in Morse code, to which he taps back "puss" .