In 1947 New Mexico, a radio operator receives a bizarre signal, coming from Roswell. He decides to investigate the signal's origin and goes out to follow it, to never be seen again. Present day and the same signal is received from the South Pole and then retransmitted from the Falkland Islands to the United States. A satellite image captures an unknown object sitting on the Antarctic snow. Cryptologist Julien Rome , a teacher at Berkeley University, is invited to investigate the mystery and he is sent to an Antarctic research base, which includes a huge greenhouse of genetically modified plants being studied by the scientists. They found what appears to be an alien vehicle frozen in a huge block of ice. The unknown object is shaped like a shell or pod and is emitting the mysterious encrypted signal. Once it is freed of the ice Julien discovers that it has a powerful static electric charge on its surface and painfully shocks anyone who touches it. While Julien is trying to decrypt the signal, another team works to open the alien shell. They succeed in cutting the lid off which allows an viscous alien liquid to pour out. An alien also escapes and at the same time as an airborne virus sealed in the shell kills four members of the scientific team by melting them from within. The virus also kills all the plants, making them wilt and turn brown. The virus has an unusually high speed of transmission and extreme virulence. It kills anyone within a few minutes of exposure. The government is aware of the alien virus and the global risk that it poses. They ask a Russian nuclear submarine to fire a nuclear missile at the base before the threat can spread. As the submarine nears its firing position, Julien manages to communicate with the alien before it is unfortunately killed by one of the survivors. Julien realises that if any of the survivors leave the base alive, the lethal alien virus will cause a pandemic destroying all life on earth. He and three others, Shelly, Kate, and Dr. Straub, are rescued from the base by an alien spacecraft  just a few seconds before the missile hits. In the aftermath, the government mounts a cover-up campaign by claiming that an experimental nuclear reactor at the base went into melt-down, destroying all of the facilities and killing everyone. The film ends with the alien spacecraft, still carrying the human survivors, leaving the solar system.