The story is based on the life of three brothers &mdash; Chandrasekaran , Gnanasekaran  and Gunasekaran  &mdash; who settle down in Burma during the Second World War. The youngest, Gunasekaran, gets the opportunity to visit India for the marriage of their younger sister Kalyani  but, as fate would have it, he gets stranded at sea due to intense Japanese bombardment of Burmese ports.  As the Japanese shelling of Burma intensifies, Chandrasekaran and Gnanasekaran pack their belongings and cross over to India. But Gnanasekaran is lost and is presumed killed in the bombardment. Meanwhile, Kalyani delivers a boy after her marriage. Soon after the birth of the child, her husband and her father die, leaving her destitute. Gunasekaran manages to reach India but is robbed of his belongings. He begins to beg people to give him food and shelter, but they refuse. Because of their aggressive nature, he understands that being a good and innocent person cannot fetch him his wants and needs. So he turns into a robber and causes all sorts of havoc around the town to live better. Later, Gnanasekaran is revealed to be alive, although he loses a leg and walks on crutches, having no clue where his family is. Gunasakeran manages to find out where Kalyani lives and meets her many times; he hides the fact that he is her brother. He meanwhile falls for Vimala . Kalyani becomes the target of anti-social elements. A number of people, including a rich man and a temple priest, make sexual advances at her. In the meantime, she tosses her baby boy into the river because of no way to feed him or make him live properly, thus leading her to face the high court. Gunasekaran attacks the temple priest who tortured Kalyani for his misdemeanor and lands up in the same court as Kalyani. Gunasekaran fights an epic battle in the court explaining the misfortunes which had befallen him and justifying his actions. Eventually, the baby tossed by Kalyani is revealed to be alive as it was caught by Vimala before it touched the water. But the judge at the court  realizes that he was dealing with his own sister whom he was unable to recognize and falls into a coma out of sadness. Through a sequence of events, Gunasekaran, Gnanasekaran and Kalyani finally find their elder brother Chandrasekaran and reunite with him, thus returning to their rich life. Vimala also joins them and decides to get married to Gunasekaran. The film ends with C.N. Annadurai, M. Karunanidhi and several other famous people attending a stage drama conducted by Gnanasekaran.