With slow deliberation, a girl lays her head down on railroad tracks as an oncoming train plows forward. Two years later, Carlos, a well-do-do family man and publisher of pulp horror novels receives an anonymous yellow package containing a severed human hand. He buries it in a nearby park. The next yellow package he receives is left unopened on a bench in the city. However, when he arrives home, the package is awaiting him. This one contains a torn up dress and a photograph of a girl. His beautiful wife reads him a telegram asking if he would like a forearm. He feebly attempts to lie about the contents with a work-related explanation to his wife. Now suspicious, Carlos’s wife follows her husband and spots a mysterious woman in black following him as well. Without a word, Carlos enters the car of the mysterious woman. She drives him to her remote home, where she feeds him lysergic acid embedded in red blotting paper. Suddenly, he is ambling down a long corridor drawn towards a woman's voice lamenting her lost love. He reaches the end of the hallway to discover the voice emanating from a tape recorder. He finds a woman's body in a refrigerator curled up, pale, but immaculate. When he awakens from the drugged stupor the editor is back at home, his body covered in a jaundiced yellow. His wife explains to him that she received a call from Parker, the mysterious woman, and she went to her house to fetch him. The wife neither believes the explanation given by her husband nor the one she receives from Parker about what have happened. Trying to come clean with his wife, the editor tells her how two years ago he met the young woman of the refrigerator. Her name was Esther. In a flash back, Esther is in a coffee shop fiddling with some pills. She appears bored, yet eager to flirt with the older publisher. Shortly after they became lovers. In another fragment of the past, the newly formed couple of Carlos and Esther is out near the sea. As she edges toward the cliff, she says, "I'd die so that my love for you will last. So that indifference will not kill it". Calmly the editor's wife confesses that she knew some of it all along. She had hired a detective to spy on her husband. In fact it was the detective who saved Esther when she put her head on the train track. Through the collective memories of the publisher, his wife, and Parker, the corrosion of the romance is recounted. Sick and heartbroken after she was rebuffed by the editor, Esther fell under the spell of a scheming doctor claiming to cure leukemia. While still under his influence Esther met Parker in a hotel in Paris. In love with her, Parker rescued Esther from the false healer. However, Esther never fully recovered from her ill fated affair with the editor. After some suicide attempts one day Parker found Esther dead with an empty bottle in her hand. It is then when Parker planned to avenge her deceased lover. She started to send the macabre yellow packages. The last of which contains Esther's decapitated head. The editor then call the police, but when they arrive to Parker's house to investigate she has left with her driver heading back to Paris. Seduced by Parker, the editor’s wife goes inside Parker's car and leaves with her.