The members of Super-GUTS  track a monster to the moon, where it battles Ultraman Dyna. This creature proves resilient to Dyna's usual finishing moves . The next round of fight is very short because the monster abruptly vaporized in large yellow beam that unleashed from mysterious space-battleship. Upon returning to Earth, the Super-GUTS team goes to a secret island base. Here they discover that TPC , the organization they work for, is also responsible for building the space-battleship. The ship known as Prometheus, and its devastating main weapon is the Neo-Maxima Cannon. The project leader, Dr. Kisaragi, explains that Super-GUTS has been summoned so that their brainwaves can be used to program the battle computer of Prometheus, making it an even more effective weapon. The cocky young Asuka  doubts that Prometheus can ever be as effective as Dyna at defending the Earth. He accepts the challenge, and his thoughts are fed into the ship's computer. When Asuka regains consciousness, the base is attacked! Asuka transforms into Ultraman Dyna to face the alien UFO. Prometheus is also launched, but to destroy Dyna, not assist him. Dr. Kisaragi announces that both she and Prometheus are under the control of the alien race known as the Monera. Prometheus, Mollusionized into Deathfacer, is able to anticipate and counter all of Dyna's moves due its programing based on Asuka's brain scan result. The one-sided battle ends when the Neo-Maxima Cannon devastates the island. Dyna disappears and is presumed dead. While Super-GUTS regroups , the Monera announce that they will begin exterminating humanity at noon the next day. After talking with the original GUTS leader, Captain Iruma, Asuka regains his confidence & becomes Dyna-Strong type. This time, Dyna is ready for Deathfacer and shows the robot some devastating new tricks, as he defeats Deathfacer by driving his fist through Neo-Maxima Cannon when it does 'pre-shoot charging sequence'. Dyna then throws unstable Deathfacer into the air, before it explodes. However, the Monera commit Harmonosion to form the gigantic Queen Monera which captures Dyna and instantly devastates the city. Dyna tries to escape, and SuperGUTS, as well as Captain Iruma, try to aid, but Dyna's energy is drained completely and his timer runs out, "dying" immediately. With Dyna defeated, the Earth may be finished. But, a young boy with a Tiga figure is able to get everyone to believe in the light, as light itself came from the Tiga figure. This causes everyone to lend their light & brings back Ultraman Tiga, who frees & revives Dyna. Ultraman Tiga and Dyna then proceed to fight together & defeat Queen Monera. Afterwards, Tiga & Dyna's light combine together and they disappear. The entire SuperGUTS reunite to celebrate their victory, as Iruma soon receives a visit later that day from the former GUTS members. At the end, Mai recovers from the previous attack of the Deathfacer and flies to the moon with Asuka as a passenger. During the credits, Munakata gives Iruma some roses, as the film comes to an end.