Bernard Berkman  is an arrogant once-great novelist whose career has gone into a slow decline as he spends more time teaching and less time writing. His wife, Joan , has recently begun publishing her own work to widespread acclaim, which only increases the growing tension between them. One day, Bernard and Joan's two sons, 16-year-old Walt  and 12-year-old Frank , are told that their parents are separating, with Bernard renting a house on the other side of Prospect Park from their home in Park Slope, Brooklyn. As the parents set up a schedule for spending time with their children, Walt and Frank can hardly imagine that things could get more combative between their parents. They do, however, as Joan begins dating Ivan , Frank's tennis instructor, and Bernard starts sharing his new house with Lili , one of his students. Meanwhile, the two boys begin taking sides in the battle between their parents, with Walt taking after his father and Frank siding with his mother. Along with the trouble both boys exhibit verbally with their parents, they also show internal struggles and very different ways of handling the stress of their parents' divorce. Walt's most obvious cry for help is when he performs and claims to have written "Hey You" by Pink Floyd at his school's talent show. After Walt wins first place and receives praise from his family and friends, his school realizes that he did not write the song. At this point, the school calls Bernard and Joan in to discuss Walt's issues, which are mainly fabricating his accomplishments. It is decided that Walt should meet with a school psychologist. Meanwhile, Frank exhibits his own internal confusion by repeatedly masturbating at school and then wiping his semen onto library books and hallway lockers. He also begins to frequently drink beer. It is during the meeting with the psychologist that Walt finally starts to see things more objectively, without the taint of his father's opinions. The psychologist asks Walt about his childhood memories and it becomes clear to Walt that his father was never really present, and that his mother was the one whom he remembers caring for him. His fondest childhood memory is when his mother would take him to see the Squid and the Whale exhibit at the American Museum of Natural History; the exhibit scared him as a small child so he would often close his eyes whenever they went by the exhibit at the museum. After a heated argument between Bernard and Joan over custody, Bernard collapses on the street outside their home and is taken to the hospital. Bernard asks for Walt to stay by his side, but Walt instead runs to visit the squid and the whale exhibit. The film concludes with him pondering over the exhibit and his past.