On the island of Tutuila , a smoking, drinking, jazz listening, young prostitute named Sadie Thompson  arrives, claiming she is waiting for employment upon a ship. At the same time, 'moralists' arrive, including Mr. Davidson  and Mrs. Davidson . The characters all end up staying in the same hotel, where the Davidsons plot to teach the natives about sin and Sadie entertains a bunch of marines. Sadie begins to fall in love with Sergeant Timothy O'Hara , who isn’t fazed by her past. He tells her that he has a best friend who married a former prostitute and the couple now lives happily in Australia. Davidson sets about trying to 'redeem' Sadie, much to her disgust. She doesn't see why she should have to answer to him above anyone else; finding himself self-important. Davidson tricks her into telling him about her past in San Francisco and, once she refuses to repent, he declares that he will go to the Governor and have her deported. Sadie is terrified of the idea but O'Hara assures her that it won't happen. He tells her he wishes she would go to Australia and wait for his term of service to finish, after which they'll marry. This they both agree upon. Davidson gets his way, however, and Sadie is livid. She and O'Hara go to plead with the Governor, begging him to let her go to Australia instead of back to San Francisco. Once we find Davidson has also managed to get O'Hara punished for being immoral, we're told that Sadie will be able to go to Australia instead, but only if Davidson okays it. Davidson refuses and Sadie pleads, but to no avail. She eventually confesses that, if she goes back to San Francisco, there is 'a man there who won't let her go straight', which is what she wants to do. Davidson figures out this means that there is a warrant for her arrest back in San Francisco. Sadie claims that she was framed and is innocent, but it won't matter since, if she ends up in San Francisco, she'll have to go to prison nonetheless. Davidson still refuses, saying she must atone for her past. Sadie pleads and pleads and eventually offers to repent. Davidson, however, says that her offer of repentance doesn’t matter and that the only way to fully repent is for her to go to prison. Sadie runs to her room, crying out for Davidson. Davidson returns and Sadie confesses she is afraid. Davidson then tells her that, if she repents, there will be nothing to fear and he begins to pray with her. Sadie converts to Christianity. Three days later, we're told that Sadie has been praying the entire time. She has put away her old things and has become a modest woman. O'Hara returns and finds Davidson is gone, apparently 'trying to stop the locals from dancing on the beach'. O'Hara tells Sadie that he has a fishing boat waiting to take her and her things to a ship, that will then take her to Australia, where they can marry and be free. Sadie is extremely afraid and refuses to go, saying that 'old Sadie is dead' and she must go to San Francisco and prison, to repent. She fully relies and believes in Davidson now. O'Hara does everything he can, including forcibly taking her from the room, but Davidson is waiting outside. O'Hara tries to attack him but Sadie asks him not to, so he doesn’t. O'Hara, extremely upset, leaves and Sadie pleads with Davidson not to get him in trouble, for 'it was all her fault'. She has become childlike and dependent on Davidson. Later that night, Sadie is asleep and everyone else is heading to bed. Davidson can not sleep and goes out for a walk in the rain.  His wife says he can’t sleep for 'the unpleasant dreams he’s been having about Miss Thompson'. A fellow boarder suspects they aren’t 'all that unpleasant'. Outside, Davidson is struggling with himself and realizes that he is sexually attracted to Sadie and unable to handle it. He looks into her window and eventually is able to return inside to his room. Sadie, frightened because she heard noises, is waiting in Davidson's room. Davidson is shocked and sends her back to her room. Here the last reel is missing but the rest of the film apparently included Davidson jumping into the ocean and killing himself, unable to handle his conflicted passions. A fisherman finds his body. Sadie and O'Hara reconcile and head for Australia.