The quiet coastal town of Midwich, California, is invaded by an unseen force which leaves ten women mysteriously pregnant. Nine months later, the babies are born simultaneously on one night, except for one which is stillborn. At first, they all appear to be normal, but it does not take the parents long to realize that their children are anything but normal. As they grow older, the children are shown to have pale skin, white hair, fierce intellect and steely, cobalt eyes. The emotionless children display eerie psychic abilities and remarkable powers, which they use with deadly consequences, unleashing a reign of terror. When they actively use their mind-control powers, their irises or their entire eyes glow in different colours, mostly reddish-orange, but also green, yellow, violet, blue or pure white. The children soon "pair off," but one of the boys, David, loses his partner after she dies at birth. As a result, he shows human compassion while still resembling the other children and retaining some degree of psychic powers. This leads to David not fitting in well with the rest of the alien offspring. Their leader, Mara , considers him less important due to his expression of emotions. Because of his childhood loss, he understands what the other children do not: pain. He and his mother Jill McGowan  share a brief conversation about this, with David understanding that if he feels pain, he can understand others' pain also. When the other children experience pain, they simply use their powers to inflict the same pain on the adult responsible for the pain. Soon it is revealed that there are other colonies of psychic children in foreign countries, but they were quickly eliminated because their "parents" realised that they were evil. The scientific team at Midwich quickly flees the town to escape the chaos. However, the lead government scientist, Dr. Susan Verner, is killed by the children after being forced to show them the preserved stillborn corpse who was intended to be David's partner. Susan has secretly kept it so that she could perform an autopsy and study it. A mob of angry townspeople attempt to stop the children, but the latter use their powers to kill the leader of the mob, causing the other townspeople to flee quickly. The State Police and the National Guard are then sent out to kill the children, who instead hypnotize them into shooting each other in a chaotic gun battle. In order to rid the town of the children, Alan devises a plan: to detonate a briefcase of explosives inside the children's classroom. By thinking of a brick wall, he is able to create a mental barrier and keep the presence of the bomb a secret from the children. Jill begs him to save David , and Alan agrees. He attempts to do this by asking David to leave the classroom to get his notebook from his car. Finally, Jill shows up, but the children stop her. David, angered by this, rushes to her defense and knocks Mara over. The children turn on David, but Jill rushes him from the building. At last, within a few seconds of the end of the bomb countdown, the children break through Alan's defenses, the explosives detonate, destroying the barn and killing everyone, including Alan. Jill and David survive the massacre; she says that they will both move to a place where nobody knows them. David, riding in his mother's car, looks off into the distance as they drive away.