Henry Chinaski  is an alcoholic who lives in a rundown apartment and works menial jobs when he can find them. An intelligent man and keenly aware of his circumstance, he finds solace in expressing his feelings and perceptions of the world through writing poetry and short stories. At night, he frequents a local establishment where he drinks, hangs out with other down and out alcoholics and gets into altercations with patrons and a tough guy bartender he hates, named Eddie . One night, Henry comes into the bar very drunk and he begins to drink uncontrollably out of other customers glasses, and is promptly thrown out into the street by Eddie. Henry then staggers on to another establishment where he meets Wanda  a fellow alcoholic and a kept woman, who, lonely in her own right, invites Henry to drink with her, with booze she buys on her lover's account at the liquor store. She invites Henry to her shabby apartment to drink whiskey, and he quickly takes up residence with her, where they share a bed and drink to excess, on the tab of Wanda's older lover. During routine evening stops at the local bar, Henry constantly challenges Eddie, in a quest to prove to himself and others that he could beat the sober and tough talking Eddie. His regular fights with Eddie in the back alley behind the bar attracts other bar goers who cheer for their favorite and place wagers on the fight. Things become very acrimonious between Henry and Eddie when he finds out that Wanda has slept with Eddie. Nevertheless, he stays with Wanda and continues to drink his nights away with her by his side, writing during the day, and submitting his work to magazines. In the meantime, Henry is tracked down by a wealthy female book publisher, Tully Sorenson, who has been impressed with his writing and is interested in publishing his work. She found him through a private investigator she had hired, who had broken into Henry's apartment one afternoon, and took pictures of some of his writing. Knowing he is destitute, Tully pays him an "advance" of five hundred dollars and takes Henry back to her home where after pouring some drinks for the two of them, the two sleep together. At first, Henry is impressed with the promise of wealth and security, including an endless supply of booze that working for Tully could provide. However, he begins to realize that he is uncomfortable being involved with Tully, romantically or professionally, because of class differences, telling her that she is "trapped in a cage with golden bars." After he leaves Tully's house, he returns to his usual bar and to Wanda. Tully finds him at the bar and a jealous Wanda proceeds to beat her up. When Henry doesn't intercede, Tully realizes that Henry does not care about her and doesn't want her help. So she leaves the bar and gives up on publishing his work. The film ends with Henry buying drinks for all of his "friends" at the bar. Eddie suspects Henry has no money and says he owes him forty dollars for the drinks. Henry pays and leaves a tip for Eddie saying, "Buy a drink on me." Then Henry and Eddie go out behind the bar for another fight. As Henry and the other barflies follow Eddie out the door, the camera pans out to the front of the bar to the sound of punches and the crowd cheering the two men on.