A young mild-mannered American couple, Cliff  and Cydney  are celebrating their honeymoon by hiking to a remote beach in Hawaii. The couple comes across Nick  a solo hiker, who saves Cydney's life when she slips crossing a narrow ledge. The trio approach a group of frightened female hikers discussing a double murder in Honolulu of another newlywed couple on the island, with the victims having their teeth pulled out and fingertips removed, Cydney and Cliff discuss whether they should turn back. The couple decide to continue hiking with Nick, who claims to be an Iraq War veteran and subsequently meet up with his girlfriend, Gina . Cliff suspects that the couple of hitchhikers that he and Cydney had earlier turned down for a ride Cleo  and Kale  and run into on the trail might be dangerous. He checks their bags after discovering that his and Cydney's permits are gone. Then, he, Cydney, Nick and Gina leave together, but Cliff suspects that Kale and Cleo are following them. Nick and Cliff split up to search for Kale and Cleo. Cliff runs into a guide he and Cydney had met before setting off on the hike, who gives him the permits they had left behind. He and Nick return to the campsite, with Nick bringing a goat he had killed. Gina proceeds to expertly gut and butcher the goat, saying she learned how by working in the meat department of a grocery store. The following day, Kale and Cleo are arrested by the police. A container full of pulled teeth is found in their bag. Cliff, Cydney, Nick and Gina head to the beach, where Nick and Cliff decide to go see a marine cave via kayaks. As Gina idly looks through the photos on Cydney and Cliff's video camera, she is horrified to realize that they are not who they say they are. Gina sets off after Nick and Cliff with Cydney chasing after Gina. Flashbacks then reveal that Cliff  and Cydney are a drug addicted sociopath couple who murdered the newlyweds in Honolulu. They kill people and take their identities in order to, as Rocky  puts it, live a hundred different lives and achieve a kind of immortality. It is also revealed that "Cliff" planted the teeth in Kale and Cleo's bag to frame them. In the cave, Rocky shoots Nick just as Gina arrives, having run along the cliffs. Rocky shoots at her, but misses. Cydney sneaks up on Gina and attacks her. Gina is stabbed in the leg but manages to push Cydney off the ledge into the water. Gina fortuitously receives a call on her cell phone from a phone company representative. She begs him to call the police. She then spots Cydney below in the kayak just as Rocky pops up over the cliff ledge to grab her feet. Gina stabs him in the hand with Cydney's knife and flees. While Rocky chases her and Cydney kayaks ashore to intercept the police, Nick, saved by the titanium plate in his head, wakes up. Gina, in turn, runs into a group of men searching for their stolen kayaks, who tell her she is safe now. Rocky tries to convince the men that Gina is whacked out on drugs, but when one of them, who happens to be an EMT , notices his enlarged pupils, he ends up killing all of them as Gina runs toward the beach. At this point, Nick arrives and fights with Rocky, eventually getting the upper hand. At that point, the police arrive by helicopter with a rifle aimed at Nick. They ask for confirmation from Cydney, accompanying them in the helicopter, that Nick is the killer, and she pauses. Gina pulls Nick away from Rocky just in time to save him from the police sharpshooter. Cydney then tells the police that Rocky is the killer. Rocky is shot dead as he reaches for his gun. Later, a medical helicopter comes and takes Nick and Gina. Nick proposes to her on the helicopter and admits that he had bought the ring on eBay. She happily accepts and they agree: "No honeymoon."