Shy, introverted, and kind-hearted Surinder "Suri" Sahni  is an office employee for Punjab Power. He meets the daughter of his former professor , beautiful and vivacious Taani Gupta , during the preparations for her wedding. A short while later, the shocking news arrives that her fiancé and his wedding entourage were killed in a road accident. Taani's father suffers a heart attack at the news. Fearing that Taani will be alone in the world, the professor on his deathbed, requests Suri to marry her. Suri silently concedes as he likes her anyway; Taani tearfully agrees for her father's sake. After an impromptu wedding, Suri takes Taani to his ancestral home in Amritsar. While his good nature leads Suri to treat her with exceptional care, by letting her have his bedroom all to herself, and patience, he is too frightened to profess his love for her. Besides which, Taani tells him that while she will try to be a good wife and thus respect her role in his life, she can never love him due to having no love left within her. Suri, least bothered and grateful for the increasing acts of wifely affection she does show, proceeds to indulge her wishes. These include regular evening trips to the cinema to see song and dance films which appeal to Taani's fantasies about romance and her passion for dancing. She soon asks for Suri's permission, which he grants, to take an expensive dance class with a Bombay company, Dancing Jodi, to unwind from her mundane life at home. During those evenings spent at the movies, Suri realizes the strong, masculine images that Taani admires and later asks his long-time chum Balwinder "Bobby" Khosla , a hair-salon owner, for grooming advice so as to win her love. Bobby gives him a complete makeover &mdash; shaving off his mustache , modding his hairstyle, fitting him out in funky Western-style clothing including aviator-style shades with oversize pastel lenses. Suri is thus transformed into "Raj Kapoor", a name he borrows from the hero of the movie that Taani had admired. He joins the dance class to be near her. By chance &mdash; or, as he puts it, by divine choice &mdash; he becomes Taani's partner in the competition. Despite Raj's initial over-the-top attempts to emulate the "cool" images from movies, he and Taani become friends as they work together on their dance routine. Suri feels encouraged when Taani does not tie a rakhi  on "Raj's" wrist during the festival of Raksha Bandhan . Thus, after some time, Raj declares his love for her.  Taani is shocked, to say the least, and enters into a period of internal conflict. Suri also faces a dilemma: Taani's misery as his wife in contrast to her delight with his fabricated alter ego, Raj. He thus attempts to win Taani's love as Suri, an act which only alienates her further. She eventually runs away to find Raj to tell him the predicament she is in, hoping he will help her. He offers to elope with her, which she agrees to, tearfully. They set the date for their elopement to the next night, the night of the competition. Later that night, Suri tells Bobby that he will end the charade in his own way, i.e., sacrifice his cravings for her love, leave her his property and transfer himself to Delhi. On the day of the competition, Suri takes Taani to the Golden Temple to gain God's blessings for her performance that night and, internally, also for her life with Raj. While there, Taani has a realization in which she believes God has shown her a sign that her marriage to Suri is divinely inspired. For the first time she reflects on her husband and becomes aware of the strength and integrity of Suri's character, something she can grow to love. Taani thus tells Raj that she cannot choose him over her newly discovered life-partner. She leaves him in what appears to be a state of shock with tears in his eyes. When the time comes for their performance Taani is stunned to see Suri instead of Raj joining her on stage. While dancing Taani puts two and two together and through a series of flashbacks awakens to the fact that Suri is Raj. Backstage she confronts Suri and when he confesses his love for her, she tearfully admits that she returns his feelings. The two, having won the competition, head off on a honeymoon to Japan.