Disillusioned knight Antonius Block  and his squire Jöns  return after fighting in the Crusades and find Denmark being ravaged by the plague. On the beach immediately after their arrival, Block encounters Death , personified as a pale, black-cowled figure resembling a monk. Block, in the middle of a chess game he has been playing alone, challenges Death to a chess match, believing that he can forestall his demise as long as the game continues. Death agrees, and they start a new game. The other characters in the story do not see Death, and when the chess board comes out at various times in the story, they believe Block is continuing his habit of playing alone.  Block and Jöns head for Block's castle. Along the way, they pass some actors, Jof and his wife Mia, with their baby son, Mikael, and their actor-manager, Skat. Jof has visions, but Mia is skeptical. The knight and the squire enter a church where a fresco of the Dance of Death is being painted. Jöns draws a small figure representing himself. "This is squire Jöns. He grins at Death; his world is a Jöns-world, believable only to himself, ridiculous to all including himself, meaningless to Heaven and of no interest to Hell."{{cite book| title Ingmar Bergman | publisher 1960 | pages "Bergman, 1960 p. 147">Bergman, 1960 p. 147. After giving away his strategy in the chess game, Block discovers that his listener is Death. Leaving the church, Block speaks with a young woman who has been condemned to be burnt alive for supposedly consorting with the Devil. Shortly thereafter, Jöns searches an abandoned village for water. He saves a servant girl  from being raped by a man robbing a corpse. He recognises the man as Raval, a theologian, who ten years ago had convinced Antonius to leave his wife and join a crusade to the Holy Land. Jöns promises to brand Raval on the face if they meet again. The girl joins Jöns. The trio ride into town, where the little acting troupe is performing. Skat introduces Jof and Mia to the crowd, then is enticed by Lisa, the blacksmith's wife, away for a tryst. They run off together. Jof and Mia's performance is interrupted by the arrival of a procession of flagellants. At a public house, Jof comes across Raval. Raval forces Jof to dance on the tables like a bear. Jöns appears and, true to his word, slices Raval's face.Bergman, 1960 p. 164-165 Block enjoys a country picnic of milk and wild strawberries gathered by Mia. Block says: "I'll carry this memory between my hands as if it were bowl filled to the brim with fresh milk...And it will be an adequate sign – it will be enough for me."Bergman, 1960 p. 195. Meanwhile, the little family sits out a storm, which Jof interprets to be "the Angel of Death and he's very big." The next morning, Jof, with his second sight, sees the knight and his followers being led away over the hills in a solemn dance of death. "They bear away from their light, while their strict lord Death bids them to dance... and the rain washes, and cleanses the salt of their tears from their cheeks."Bergman, 1960 p. 197 Mia chides him. "You with your visions and dreams."