Karan  and Bhavesh  are close friends living in Cape Town, South Africa. Karan is in a comfortable relationship with his beautiful yet childish and pampered girlfriend Sanjana , who changes her profession every six months, e.g. singing to painting. Her dad  always tries to keep her happy and supports her in whatever she does. Bhavesh wishes for an arranged marriage and keeps a diary of all the beautiful things he will do to his wife after marriage. His father  is a strict autocrat, patriarch and a tough follower of the Hindustani, especially Gujarati, principles in a foreign land. Jeet ([[Govinda  does not believe in marriage or love. He flirts with every woman he meets and encourages married women into divorcing their spouses so that his living as a divorce lawyer is uncompromised. Bhavesh's father treats Bhavesh as young and incapable of marriage, but on his wife's  wish, he travels with family and Karan and Sanjana to Gujarat to find Bhavesh a bride. In Gujarat, they stay at the palatial home of a friend of Bhavesh's father . Bhavesh meets some girls, who are all unsuitable, and then falls for Prachi  when she comments Bhavesh's ideals - not drinking, virginity - as good. He confesses his love for her and they get married. During the wedding rituals, Sanjana says "Yes" to Karan's long-asked question  and they get married the same night. The movie then switches to present time, where both couples are at court. The judge declares the divorce between Karan and Sanjana and between Bhavesh and Prachi. Outside the court, where they wait for the final papers to arrive, the story again goes back 6 months earlier, showing what led to the divorces after the weddings, when they come back to Cape Town. After marriage, Karan and Sanjana's family life deteriorates badly, with Karan wanting domestic stability and Sanjana being a horrible home maker. Bhavesh is happy with Prachi but Prachi is stifled at the old fashioned ideals and many rules of Bhavesh's father. Sanjana, having no experience in housework, messes up while turning off a washing machine, which results in the house catching fire. Prachi, without her father-in-law's knowledge, applies for a job - the very idea of which angers him. Bhavesh, taking sides with his father, slaps her at the same time Prachi's father arrives. These situations conclude in divorce. Meanwhile, Jeet changes his lifestyle when he meets Anjali , who turns out to be different than all the other girls he had ever met. He decides to get married to her. At the wedding ceremony, Jeet and Sanjana plot a plan that reunites and reconciles everyone with each other, thus ending all the problems that were pulling them apart. Bhavesh's father changes parts of his strict ideals and Jeet changes from a divorce lawyer to a marriage counsellor, now reuniting his former clients, while Karan teaches Sanjana to cook.