{{Plot}} 23 men are chosen to participate in a psychological study led by Dr. Archaleta. In the experiment, some participants will be designated as guards, while the rest will be inmates. Among the participants are Travis and Michael Barris. Travis has just lost his part-time job, whereas Barris is a 42-year-old living alone with a domineering mother. Archaleta conducts some interviews to camera and exposes volunteers to various scenes of violence whilst connected to an EEG. The remaining group is driven to an isolated building that has been set up as a prison. Archaleta splits the group into 7 guards and 16 prisoners, with Travis assigned to the prisoners and Barris  assigned to the guards. They are given some basic rules: prisoners must eat 3 meals a day and it must be consumed, there will be 30 minutes of rec daily, prisoners are only allowed in prisoner-designated areas. The guards in turn must ensure that the prisoners obey the rules, and deal with any transgressions commensurately within a 30-minute period. Archaleta also claims that the experiment will end immediately at the first sign of violence. Travis shares his cell with a graphic novelist named Benjy and a member of the Aryan Brotherhood named Nix. Barris, initially concerned that some of the guards, particularly Chase, may be capable of violence, tries to dissuade them from aggressive behavior. As a result, the guards become more forceful in order to make the prisoners follow the rules. Barris becomes more and more sadistic. Despite increasing pressure from Barris and the other guards, Travis continues to respond defiantly to the guards' abuse. Realizing that Travis is the unofficial leader of the prisoners' dissent, Barris declares that Travis needs to be humiliated as no physical retribution can be doled out. Following Barris's lead, the guards take Travis, shave his head, then urinate on him. When the red light does not come on, Barris takes this as a sign that his punishment was "commensurate" and reassures the other guards that they are behaving appropriately. When a guard named Bosch dissents, Barris pressures him by suggesting that acting unilaterally and quitting early will cost the guards $14,000 each. Meanwhile, Travis discovers that Benjy has diabetes, a fact that he concealed from the experimenters, insisting that he could manage the condition himself if he were allowed some sugar. When Travis pleads for Bosche to intervene, Bosche tries to help Benjy by locating his insulin, but he is seen on the cameras. Barris surprises Travis by giving Benjy his insulin, but later takes revenge by arranging the other guards to give Bosche a severe beating, and adding him to the prison population. Barris also orders Travis to clean the prison toilets, as punishment for both his defiant attitude and his attempt to help Benjy. He then taunts Barris by saying that he should use his $14,000 for psychological treatment. The guards respond by shoving Travis's head into the toilet, nearly drowning him. One morning during a humiliating role call, Travis takes his prisoner shirt off as a sign that the experiment should end, and is followed by the other prisoners. Travis jumps up to one of the cameras and demands that the group be let go, but is dragged to the floor by the guards, who choke him with their sticks. When Benjy tries to defend Travis, Barris hits Benjy hard on the head with his nightstick, leaving him twitching on the floor. The guards throw Travis into an old boiler pipe overnight, while the guards attack the other prisoners and chain them up across the compound. While locked in the blackened-out boiler, Travis realizes that there is a hidden infrared camera watching him, even in there, and as his despondence turns to anger he manages to get out. He interrupts the rape of a prisoner by Chase, and sets the other prisoners free. When he finds that Benjy has been chained up and left to die rather than be given medical treatment, he leads an assault against the guard's room, and the prisoners chase them through the building. Even as the rest of the guards try to lift the shutters and escape, Barris tries to keep them in for the sake of the $14,000 fee. A vicious brawl ensues between prisoners and guards, and drags on until a siren finally blares, the doors open, and the red light comes on to reveal the end of the experiment. As the shutter doors open, the group emerges to the sunshine and sits in stunned silence on the grass, awaiting the arrival of the experimenters. A bus arrives and they are taken away. The group is later seen being driven home on the bus, clean and dressed, with their checks for the full $14,000 for participation in the experiment. Travis and Barris share a silent glance as Barris stares down at his check. Nix asks Travis if he still believes humans are higher in the chain of evolution than monkeys, to which Travis responds that people have the ability to change. Audio news snippets suggest that Archaleta is being tried for manslaughter. Travis meets his girlfriend in India. She notices that Travis's knuckles are bruised from his brawl with the guards, in contrast to the beginning of the film, when she noted that his knuckles are pristine, an indication that he was, at the time, incapable of violence.