{{Review}} The action phase of the most sought after actor of Kannada cinema Golden star Ganesh has surfaced in Bombaat. The Chocó boy chatter box, fun loving guy on Kannada screen from Chellata to Aramane has now opened up for action with a tinge of intelligence. Ganesh has flexible muscles; he is quick in his moves and ease in doing action scenes. For the innumerable fan following he has given a new pep. Idhu Ganeshana ‘Aata’ a very cleverly coined catch line below the title. It is Ganesh throughout who gathers the attention and even an artist like Ramya goes dull in front of Ganesh. Ramya has nothing to perform in this film and her judgment in picking this film is wrong. She is a wonderful performer besides a charmer. It appears she is locked of her potentiality literally because she is isolated in a room. Why we should catch up with Bombaat that is running 300 shows a day in 75 theatres and also in countries like Saudi Arabia, America, Canada, England, Australia, New Zealand countries is because of its well thought subject and well driven screenplayBombaat breaking records. The first half has the routine introduction of characters and some useful work from the hero Anand. In fact he is not according to his name in the film. He is given the responsibility of looking after Shalini for one month with a strong opponent – Gajendra, Dasa and Adhi. More than using his muscle power Anand uses his mind power. He works like a trouble shooter for all the three hooligans. They use the guns and he uses his brain. At the first place Anand uses the British system of divide and rule. He divides the brothers and takes the help of police commissioner as his daughter is in his house to destroy the opponent gangs. The master plans he sketches almost finish of the lieutenants of the two warring gangs.  We have the good deeds he has to fulfill for his mother who is in isolation for 14 years. All she wants is to see his son as a cop and Anand has earned such a position to wear the uniform. Ganesh has worked very hard in action scenes. As usual he has the agile looks and smartness to capture the hearts. The strawberry cheeks actress Ramya has nothing much to do. She has wonderful costumes. Looks good but has nothing to deliver. Avinash, Mukesh Rishi, Rahul Roy, Vinaya prasad are convincing. Three songs of Mano Murthy will haunt. No problem whether he catches up with his own Moggina Manasu tunes. What we want is melody and meaning. The lines like Mathinalli Helalarenu Rekheyalli Geechalarenu, hombelakina nava nilanjana, kanasalli dhayamadi paalu kelabedi, naanu prema rogi dhayamadi vaasi madabedi are nicely written. Shekar Chandru gives another boost to the cinema. He has kept the camera angles beautifully and it is a very bright work from him. ‘Bombaat’ is like having a delicious MTR full meal. Every area has been taken care by reputed director D.Rajendra Babu that is supported well by producer Rockline Venkatesh. The movie was declared a flop after poor show.