Hui Kei  is the struggling proprietor of a BBQ duck restaurant in Hong Kong. At the beginning of the film, Hui is visited by a health inspector, who found a cockroach in his soup and other unsanitary conditions, and threatens to sue the restaurant. Unfortunately, Hui's staff stops him from leaving with the soup sample after a slipup from the inspector. While the restaurant is typically operated on ground floor, Hui lives upstairs and awaits a visit from his aristocratic mother-in-law , who is convinced that her daughter, Ah Kuen , has married a good-for-nothing husband who cares for no one. Later, Hui unknowingly faces new trouble when a genius businessman, Danny Poon  opens what is to be the first of a chain of Danny's Chicken fast food fried chicken restaurants across the street from him. Not long after, Danny's Chicken becomes the talk across Hong Kong, attracting young customers and families and causing Hui's business to plummet. When Hui has a frank discussion meeting with his fellow staff, in regards to his business and its working conditions, one of his employees, Cuttlefish  gets fed up with Hui's abuse and guilt-tripping about his dead father and struggling mother, and plans to work for Danny's Chicken. However, Cuttlefish discovers while being trained over at Danny's Chicken that Poon's regimen was insane, strict, and humiliating, where much of his job involves appearing in a chicken suit on the street, much to Hui's disgust. Hui's mother-in-law offers to invest in Hui's dwindling business, to which Hui vehemently rejects. After his son tells him that his best friend, Judy , likes its food and its atmosphere, Hui disguises himself as an Indian woman to infiltrate his rival's restaurant and tries Danny's Chicken. Hui is convinced that it is only the packaging that people like, but his disguise is quickly undone by Poon himself. Hui transforms his new restaurant to match Danny's Chicken's "packaging" atmosphere, from tabletops to nightclub singing, with little success. Hui also begins parading the street in a makeshift duck costume, leading to a physical fight with Cuttlefish in his chicken suit that nearly gets Hui and Cuttlefish arrested. Hui's business was attracting no customers at this point, and even his most regular of customers, a Buddhist nun who frequently orders vegetarian noodles with no lard and finds Danny's Chicken accommodating to her needs. After a series of rat infestations, Cuttlefish's reluctant return, notices of closure, and an attempted buyout from Poon, Hui resorted to his mother-in-law's help to renovate his restaurant completely before she leaves. Business finally began to boom for Hui once again, while Danny's Chicken slowly dwindles to the point of a disastrous attempt to market BBQ ducks. In a final act of desperation, Poon resorts to arson to end the competition, nearly killing himself before Hui and his family and staff eventually rescues Poon and sends Poon to the hospital for his oxygen surgery. Several times throughout the film, Hui talks about getting AIDS through sharing food.