At the Vatican, Father Cobb  from the Blessed Edith Semple School in Glasgow, offers evidence to promote Blessed Edith's elevation to sainthood. Downplaying the idea of miracles, a Vatican official sends the "little father" back to Scotland. Undeterred, Father Cobb continues to lead the school in prayer, invoking Blessed Edith's intercession to heal the sick, including little Alice McKenzie who is crippled. Remedial teacher, Vic Mathews , is not a believer in miracles, placing his faith instead in his students and in their ability to learn. He is attracted to the new music teacher, Ruth Chancellor , who appears unimpressed with his awkward advances. After fainting at a bus stop, Vic is rushed to the hospital, where tests reveal the presence of a fatal brain tumor. The doctor sees little benefit in telling Vic about his condition. Meanwhile, the Headmaster  complains to the teacher's union representative, Jeff Jeffries , about Vic writing letters to the school board to keep a failed student, Stevie Deans , from being sent to a special school. Convinced he can reach the withdrawn student, Vic refuses to accept the Headmaster's judgement. At a friendly card game at Vic's apartment later that night, Jeff convinces Vic after a few drinks to back off on his letter-writing campaign. After everyone leaves, a drunken Vic witnesses a strange event: his stereo plays without being turned on. The next day, Vic discovers he is able to teach basic math concepts more effectively by using examples from the gambling world. Even Stevie Deans responds to this new approach, showing he's clearly not daft. When Vic reports his progress, however, the Headmaster is more excited about the apparent healing of little Alice McKenzie. That night at a pub, a drunken Vic dismisses the newspaper reports of Alice's miraculous recovery, and just before the conversation turns ugly, Vic faints again. Ruth offers to drive him home, and the next day in church, she prays for Vic, whose tireless teaching efforts soon lead to yet another breakthrough with another "special" student. Later, Vic is summoned to the roof to rescue a student trapped on an adjacent roof. When he sees the boy slipping, Vic jumps across to the opposite roof, but is unable to prevent the boy from falling 40 feet through a tree that fortunately breaks his fall. Vic also loses his hold and falls from the roof. The student ends up with two broken legs, but Vic escapes with only minor scratches. When Father Cobb calls it a miracle, Vic dismisses the idea, but at the hospital, new x-rays reveal that his brain tumor is gone. The doctor has no explanation and never mentions the tumor to Vic. The hospital administrator orders the x-rays destroyed, but the radiologist holds onto them. Soon the newspapers report Vic's survived fall and the "miraculous academic improvement" of Stevie Deans. The bishop arrives and is annoyed by all the miracle stories, and Stevie is rushed out of town to a retreat, away from news reporters. School officials announce that there were no miracles involved with the student—just marked improvement based on good teaching. Vic is also trying to convince himself that his survived fall was no miracle. Ruth even takes him to a newspaper office showing him numerous stories of unfounded miracles. Meanwhile, after seeing Vic dismissing the idea of miracles in a television interview, the radiologist delivers the x-rays to Father Cobb as "definitive proof" that a miracle actually happened—the complete healing of an inoperable brain tumor. Father Cobb considers the legal implications for the radiologist, and then burns the x-rays saying, "We don't need proof—we believe." The story of Vic's miraculous recovery is soon reported on the news. Confused by what's happened, and told he is "special", Vic goes to the hospital to heal the student's broken legs, but soon realizes his folly. Back at school, Robbie complains to Vic that he wants to be a "special" student too. They go back to the roof where he and Jeff try to explain how Vic was able to make the 17-foot leap. To prove it was not a miracle, Vic makes the jump again. Afterwards, Jeff reveals Stevie Deans' whereabouts, and Vic heads to the train station to bring Stevie back. Ruth asks Robbie to help her find Vic, and the two rush off to the train station, where Ruth and Vic unite in a loving embrace. Robbie stumbles into a crowd and is forced onto a red carpet just as Princess Diana approaches. A photographer hands Robbie some flowers and he offers them to the princess as the worldwide press photographers capture the moment. Vic and Ruth leave by train to bring another "special" student back to school.<ref nameCharles Gormley  |titleVHS |publisher1987 |url=http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0089221/ }}