The movie begins with an older man's dream. In this dream, Unni  is roused from his house in haste and told to come along to see his father  and upon reaching the destination, he is greeted by a crowd of people who begin to make fun of him and Unni wakes up. He consults an astrologer who interprets the dream as a harbinger of Easwara Pillai's  death and advices Unni to do the last rites for his dead father. During the rituals, Unni finds it difficult to go through the rituals as he doesn't believe that his father is dead and he walks away declaring that his father is not dead. The story flashes back to Unni's youth when he was living in his ancestral home with his parents. He is courting Meera, a beautiful woman with a penchant for books and stories. Unni and Meera appear all set to be married soon and Meera's father wants Unni to take an MBA in UK to eventually take over the company responsibilities. But Unni makes it clear that he has no interest in pursuing such a career and his dreams are very simple. Unni has a brother Ramakrishnan  who is a doctor living in the city with his wife. Devaki  wants to have a grandchild and she is concerned as Ramakrishnan has been married a few years without children. In her desire to become a grandmother she visits many temples and holy functions to pray for a grandchild. But in a twist of fate an amorous relation takes a second bud between Devaki and her husband Easwarapilla and she becomes pregnant. The parents are ashamed at the first signs of the pregnancy and worry about how their grown children will react to this news. But they are surprised by the enthusiasm of Unni and the mature and supportive attitude of Ramakrishnan. Devaki gives birth to a girl but dies during childbirth. Ramakrishnan's wife doesn't seem to be interested in children much less in one she considers to be a source of shame. In the absence of anyone to take care of the child Unni steps in to take care of the child. Soon after in a heated moment, Unni scolds his father and Easwarapilla leaves town as he is devastated by the recent happenings. This leaves Unni with the double responsibility of being a brother as well as father to Meenakshi. Unni breaks off his relationship with Meera upon Meera's dad's request as he feels the child will always be a source for problems in their relationship. Unni goes ahead with it as he feels Meenakshi needs him and there's no one else to take that role. The story now comes back to the present as Meenakshi is a grown girl preparing for her 10 std exams. Unni has regressed to a village life after he chose to play Meenakshi's brother/father. Over the years Unni has become possessive of Meenakshi as she has been the center of his existence. When it comes time for Meenakshi to go to the city and stay in a hostel to continue her studies, Unni goes through a trying period before finally coming to terms with the inevitable. In the city, Meenakshi is exposed to a new culture and fashions that she wasn't aware of growing up in the village and she becomes enamored in it. The rest of the story is of Meenakshi finding a new identity as she experiences and experiments with college life and Unni's struggle to come to terms with the changes his sister is going through. Unni having regressed to a village culture cannot understand Meenakshi's change in attitude and fashion and Meenakshi is swept away by peer pressure and the glamorous attractions of life in the city. This results in friction between the two and the alienation of Meenakshi from her brother. Unni realizes that the child who so dearly needed him once has grown up and it's he who needs her instead to give meaning to his life. The movie boils to a climax as Unni goes to see his sister and witnesses her getting hurt in an accident and the effect this has on Unni is heart breaking.