The film starts with R.K. Nair M.G. Soman, a Kollam based businessman taking the No. 20 Madras Mail train to Madras with his wife  and daughter Devi ([[Suchitra . Tony Kurushingal , along with his friends Hitchcock Kanjikuzhi  and Kumbalam Hari  boards the same train. Tony is the son of a wealthy businessman, Kurishinkal Kariyachan , Kanjikuzhi is a detective novelist and Hari is an young politician. The three of them are going to Madras for seeing a cricket match and to make attempts to make Kanjikuzhi's novel Vaazhikuzhiyile Kolapathakam a film. All the three are drunken heavily while boarding the train from Kottayam. After entering the train and seeing Devi, Tony and friends make several attempts in getting a seat for Tony in the same coupe of Devi with the help of TTE officer Nadar (Innocent, but everything fails. While doing this Tony gets into heated arguments with RK Nair and Sunil , who has a reserved seat in the same coach with R.K. Nair. Mammootty boards the train along the way from Thrissur and gets into the next of Tony's. Nadaar leaves the train and the new TTE Chokalingam  enters the train. Tony and his friends visits Mammootty in his coupe and soon become friends with him. Meanwhile Tony tries to flirt with Devi while she returns from toilet, which causes Tony to land in trouble with R.K Nair which Mammootty helps to resolve. All goes to sleep late night. In the morning, as the train reaches Madras, Devi is found murdered in the toilet. Suspicion lands on Tony and friends and they run away from the scene in fear. The investigation is carried out by the Police led by DySP Murthy who comes to know that Mammootty has taken photos of the suspects while in the train. He visits Mammooty and gets the photos and asks him to not try to save them. Tony and friends seek Mammootty's help and he helps them to return to Kerala secretly. Back in Kerala, they are confronted by Sunil, who was actually the lover of Devi. From Sunil, they learn about Sr. Gloria  who tells that Devi gave her diary before leaving for Madras. After acquiring the diary from the convent they come to know that R.K Nair is not Devi's father and that he is the one who killed her father in her childhood. On learning that RK Nair might be the possible murderer, Tony calls RK Nair by phone impersonating Mammootty's voice and says that he has got the diary with him and blackmails him to give Rs 20 lakh in return for the diary. Tonny tells this to Mammooty and convinces him to proceed with the play. Mammootty and RK Nair meets and agrees to fix the deal on the same No 20. Madras Mail on December 21st. Mammootty boards the train on which RK Nair has already booked an entire bogie. Mammootty says that the diary is not present with him and he would hand it over at Salem when Tony joins the train. Nair leaves the train and goes to Salem station via taxi to find Tony but Tony enters the train in between and with Mammootty's help they power down RK Nair's henchmen. Meanwhile Nair renters the train and finds that Tony has already entered. Mammootty and Tony attacks Nair and make him confess the truth. The next morning, when the train arrives Madras, DySP Murthy arrests RK Nair who was already been informed of everything by Hari and Kanjikuzhi. On January 1st while boarding the No 19 Mail to return home, they find Mammootty again in the same train. Mammootty tries to leave the train in disguise only to be stopped by Tony and friends who promises a happy and safe journey back home.