The story follows three men on a underwater treasure hunt. In Bahamas, Aarav  runs a successful fishing company under the title of Blue. He works with Sagar  who works as a diver for Aarav's fishing company. Sagar is in a relationship with Mona and about to propose her . Aarav is rich, wealthy and has lots of fame, while on the other hand, Sagar is under a financial crisis. To help him, Aarav advises Sagar to retrieve the lost treasure of a sunken ship called Lady in Blue. However, Sagar refuses to go to the ship as he has a haunted past with the ship. Meanwhile, Sagar's younger brother Sam  is in Bangkok. Sam is a bike rider, and meets with Nicki  who works for an underworld gangster named Gulshan . Sam is challenged by Gulshan on a bike race, and after Sam wins, Gulshan hires Sam to work for him. Sam is setup by Gulshan in failing in deliver a package costing Gulshan $50 million. Sam must either pay his money back or die. Sam does not have the money so explains to Nicki, with whom he now loves, that he is going on holiday to Bahamas to visit his brother Sagar and doesn't think Gulshan will find him there. Sam arrives at Aarav's company and he welcomes him happily. In Bahamas, Sam receives a call from Gulshan on Nicki's phone. When Sam asks where Nicki is Gulshan says she is a place that Sam will soon be in. While on the phone Sam is surrounded by Gulshan and his gang, who have now found him. Sam is rescued by Aarav, who enters on a bike and finishes all the goons off. Sam tells Aarav what he did wrong, and Aarav decides he needs to tell Sagar. When Sagar learns how much Sam is in, Sam tries to convince Sagar to retrieve the treasure from Lady in Blue. Sagar refuses. The next day Gulshan bombs Sagar's home, and kidnaps Mona and $50 million or Sam for her return. When Sagar tells Sam and Aarav, Sam decides that they need to go an resuce Mona as they already killed Nicki and will kill Mona too. But Aarav speaks up and says they don't know how far Gulshan is connected and they may all die, meaning the only option is to find the treasure, pay off Gulshan and use the rest of the money to live comfortably. Sagar is still hesitant and it is revealed that Sagar has a haunted and shocking past with Lady in Blue. In a flashback, it is shown that when Sagar was a young boy, his father took him diving underwater, where they stumbled on the ship Lady in Blue. His father located a ring underneath it, and picked it up and gifted it to Sagar. But while looking through the ship, Sagar gets excited and knocks over an iron bar, but his father pushes him out of the way only to get trapped himself. Unable to free him, his father forces Sagar to go back up and never mention the Lady in Blue to anyone. Since then Sagar blames himself for his father's death. Sagar decides to go underwater to find the treasure with Sam and Aarav. When they find and come back to their ship, Gulshan and his gang are already there with Mona in hostage. The two sides have a fight, and Sagar rescues Mona. Just when they think everything is okay, Gulshan shows up on Sagar's ship revealing that he is partners with Aarav. It was Aarav's idea to force Sam to flee Bangkok and come to Sagar for assistance thus forcing Sagar to look for the treasure. Aarav at this point comes back to the ship and denies what Gulshan said, but Sagar does not believe him. A fight ensues and Aarav fights with Sagar while Sam fights with Gulshan. Aarav shoots Gulshan when he sees Sam losing and then tells Sagar if he ever lost, he would give up his life. Aarav then jumps on a motorcycle and rides off the ship into the ocean. Sagar, Sam and Mona return home when they realize that Aarav could not have survived his jump and given that a storm is coming, they could not stay behind to look for him either. A few months later Sagar receives a call from the supposed dead Aarav who reveals he is alive and has the treasure and is married to Nicki. He tells Sam he had sent her to Bangkok to convince Sam to come back to Bahamas. Aarav's grandfather Jagat Malhotra  was the Captain of Lady in Blue and was accused of sinking the ship on purpose and was embarrassed in court, leading to him committing suicide. Aarav explains the only reason he planned the whole treasure hunt, is because he wanted to clear his family's name. In the end, Sam forgives Nicki and forgets about her. Aarav deposits 20% of his treasure into an account in the name of Sagar as his reward for helping him find the treasure, so all three can now live comfortably.