Peter Mandrake , an American photographer in Brazil, is preparing an in loco essay for his new book, about the "Train Surfers"  in the city of Rio de Janeiro. A local call girl he is friends with is murdered, and when the police can make no progress Mandrake decides to investigate himself. Subsequently, two hired thugs break into his apartment demanding a disk, and when he doesn't produce it  they rape his girlfriend and stab him, leaving him to die. Vowing revenge, Mandrake enlists the help of Hermes , a professional knife fighter who owes Mandrake a debt, to teach him the art of knife fighting. The obsession this develops into causes Mandrake's girlfriend to leave him, wanting the whole thing to simply go away, but Mandrake refuses to let go. The thugs are discovered to be working for an undisclosed Brazilian criminal organization closely tied with the Bolivian cocaine cartel. The head of the organization is attempting to uncover a traitor in his organization, who apparently stole a floppy disk containing important information. Mandrake allies himself with some of the organization's rivals to help them find the disk, in return for discovering who killed the call girl. The disk is ultimately found and Mandrake learns that the organization head murdered the call girl himself, slashing her face in an act of arrogance. Hermes appears suddenly and the head orders him to kill Mandrake, but Hermes tells him to do it himself before leaving. They fight and Mandrake manages to stab his opponent to death. However, the fulfillment of his revenge quest leaves Mandrake feeling empty and without purpose. He wanders for a while before, on a whim, taking a picture of a couple kissing in a window. This reinvigorates his passion for photography, and whereas he previously took pictures of violent and dangerous situations, now his work has a theme of love and simple pleasures. He heads out to the plains to see his girlfriend, who is an archaeologist working on-site. After showing her the pictures he tells her he's been assigned to Africa, but promises to return someday.