Luck follows the story of kingpin Karim Musa , who is a very lucky person seeing the story of his life. He remained the sole survivor when a mosque collapsed in Maharashtra when he was just a child of nine months and was amongst very few survivors of another incident at the age of 12. When he was 14, he challenged three friends to jump from a four-storied building and remained alive, though with some injuries, and won. He started gambling at 19 and since then tried out his luck in different places of the world and became known as Musa Bhai. To him gambling and drug smuggling have become old ways to get money, his latest interest is investment on people's luck. A very lucky young man, Ram Mehra ([[Imran Khan , is abducted by Lakhan Tamang , but instead of taking, he gives Ram 1 lakh rupees and explains that Ram is very lucky as Tamang bought lottery tickets for two years without any success until he took tickets from Ram both of which won him 2 lakh rupees. He then offers Ram 20 lakh rupees for which Ram has to gamble with him for 20 days. After Ram agrees, Musa Bhai and Tamang create a game, getting lots of lucky people to play, and the luckiest ones win them money. Later, along with Ram, Tamang hires another lucky man, Major Jawan Pratap Singh , who is a soldier and a lucky one as he fought in many battles and faced numerous bullets none that could kill him. He is in need of money for the operation of his wife, Sheela . Tamang visits Pakistan where he sees Shortcut , a 16 year old girl, who is also known to be lucky as any camel she rides wins the race and observes her winning one despite her camel's half-broken leg. Tamang pays four lakh rupees to "export" her to South Africa. Tamang then invites the sole-criminal, Raghav  to the game. Raghav was put in Tihar Jail for raping many women, and also killing them, but when he was hanged, he survived, and since the Indian law doesn't allow one person to be hanged twice, he frees from Tihar Jail. All competitors arrive in Cape Town. There, Ram meets another lucky girl . Her name is revealed to be Ayesha and Tamang says she took part in the game once before. In their first game, all competitors shoot the person to their right at the same time. All the real unlucky ones die, though the real lucky ones survive. Later that night, while everyone is eating at a dining table, Raghav goes to Ayesha's room, and starts flirting with her, though Ayesha pays no attention and leaves. The second game is where all of the lucky ones take parachutes and jump off from a helicopter. Among the unlucky is Ayesha whose parachute doesn't open but she is saved by Ram, who developed a liking towards her, and afterwards, they start getting closer. In the third game, everyone is left in a hollow tank with one of everyone's hand locked with handcuffs and in front of them are 300 keys and one each will open the handcuffs and added to their trouble are the sharks that swim around them as they start opening the handcuffs as the tank sinks. Only one dies, though the most jolly girl, whom everyone loved, Shortcut is attacked by a shark. The shark bites her leg, but since Ram can't bear to see it, he jumps into the water, and saves the harmed Shortcut . Later on, it is revealed that due to her leg, Shortcut will not be taking part in any of the games anymore. Before the third and final game, Raghav tries to rape Ayesha, who then runs away to Musa and Tamang, where it is revealed that Ayesha is really dead and it is Natasha  playing, taking Ayesha's character whilst seeking revenge on Musa, for murdering her sister, though Musa finds out about this, and uses her for the game. In the final game, Ram, on whom the bid is the highest ever, has to save Natasha before the train she's tied to hits an oil tanker while Major Singh will help him and Raghav will shoot at Ram and the other survivors try to stop Ram. On the train, Ram starts to fight Raghav, but once Raghav is knocked out on the floor, Ram goes to save Natasha, but Raghav gets up, then interrupted by Major Singh, who to save Natasha and Ram, jumps onto Raghav. However, Raghav pushes Major Singh down to the back of the train, which later explodes. Raghav then goes to Ram, who is currently untying Natasha's hands, though Raghav attacks Ram from the back, but when the oil tank reaches right in front of the train, Ram and Natasha jump off, and Raghav dies. When Ram and Natasha realize what has happened, before they lose hope, Major Singh is seen on the floor getting up, who explains that he jumped off the train a second before his side of the train exploded. The three survivors are then approached by Musa and Tamang, who claim that they won 20 crore rupees each due to Ram. In the climax, Ram stakes his reward and challenges Musa to a game where two pistols are dug in coal the train's carrying and one has to find one and shoot the other. Mussa finds both but hands one to Ram and both shoot at the same time and hit each other, Ram is shot at the place of his heart and Mussa survives as he is hit at his shoulder. Though, it is shown that Ram's heart is at his right side , very rare for a human, rather than left and eventually wins back his reward. Then, Shortcut's leg is fixed by a prosthesis, Major Singh saves his wife and maintains his title "Lucky Major Jawan Pratap Singh" and Ram and Natasha become life partners.