Woo  is an extroverted woman living in New York City, and she has a notorious knack for turning men into mush. When Woo's psychic friend Celestrial  predicts that the man of her dreams is about to enter her life, Woo doesn't believe it is true. Celestrial, however, is convinced that Woo is destined to meet a tall, debonair Virgo. Woo's cousin Claudette  and Claudette's boyfriend Lenny  plan to spend the night together but find themselves entertaining Woo instead. Lenny begs his best friend Tim Jackson  to take Woo out — even though shy, straight-laced law clerk Tim is the polar opposite of the sassy and brassy Woo. That same night, Lenny and Claudette's night goes wrong when his sick obsession with chicken drives her to be forced to dress up as a sexy but awkward "chicken ho"  but she is allergic to feathers. At first, Woo expresses disinterest in the matchmaking mismatch. But when she's told that Tim is a Virgo, she decides it is fate, jumps at the chance, and immediately heads for Tim's apartment. Meanwhile, Tim, who can't believe his luck, goes next door to his neighbor Darryl  for tips on romancing women. Darryl supplies Tim with incense, edible body oils, and a tape of sexy songs. When Woo arrives, Tim is completely smitten. Woo, however, discovers that Tim is anything but the sexy, spontaneous stud of her dreams. Finding Tim's pseudo-cool act totally transparent, she humiliates and teases him. They are just about to exit Tim's apartment when Tim is visited by three of his pals — Frankie , Hop , and Romaine . The chauvinistic attitude of Tim's friends irritates Woo, so she retaliates and freaks out the trio by acting insane. Finally, the date gets underway. Woo and Tim arrive at a stuffy Italian restaurant, but Woo's behavior gets them thrown out. They go to a dance club, where Tim becomes the victim, punched out by Woo's ex-boyfriend. Woo likes a good laugh, and when Tim discovers the theft of his flashy new car, she finds this hilarious. And so it goes, straight on till morning.  *Tim's friends: Frankie, Hop and Romaine have their own night of fun, gradually going to the same places Woo and Tim go. Unfortunately for them, they unwittingly go to a night club with mostly drag queens, but Hop thinks they are really women. Tagline: It's her world.. we're just living in it.