Canadian Arnold Boult and his wife Evelyn are celebrating the first birthday of their son Edward with their friend, physician Larry Woodhope, in their London home shortly after World War I. Arnold is about to embark upon a new career in finance with Harry Simpkin, who has been released from prison after serving time on fraud charges. Five years later, Edward is diagnosed with a serious illness requiring a costly operation abroad. With his retail credit business doing poorly, Boult decides to burn down the building in order to finance the surgery with the insurance money. Despite reservations about his partner's scheme, Harry goes along with the plan. As the years pass, Boult evolves into a wealthy, titled financier who will do anything to protect his son. When Edward is threatened with expulsion from his prep school, Lord Boult assumes its mortgage. Time passes, and Evelyn confides in Larry her concern that Edward drinks too much and appears to have no sense of morality. Larry strongly suggests that something be done to control Edward, but Lord Boult feels the young man can do no wrong. Having served another sentence for fraud, Harry comes to Boult and asks for a job. When he is put off, Harry commits suicide by leaping from the roof of his former partner's office building. When the police investigate, Boult's secretary Eileen Perrin lies that Harry did not come to the office that day. She and Boult become lovers. A year later, during a tryst in Eileen's apartment, the two discover they are being observed by a detective working for Evelyn's attorney. Anxious to avoid scandal, Boult breaks up with Eileen, who later kills herself with an overdose of pills. Boult departs for Switzerland to see his wife and Edward. Evelyn threatens to expose him so their son will see his true nature, but in return Boult promises he will destroy Larry, who loves her, unless she remains silent. Evelyn acquiesces. As the years pass, she becomes increasingly unhappy and begins to drink heavily. Edward also has become an alcoholic and is engaged to socialite Phyllis Mayden, although young Betty Foxley, who is pregnant with Edward's child, believes he will marry her. Boult subtly suggests Larry abort the child, but the doctor refuses and offers Betty medical and financial assistance instead. Edward, serving as a Royal Air Force pilot during World War II, crashes his plane while stunting and is killed along with his crew. Lord Boult, now a widower, beseeches Larry to tell him the whereabouts of Betty and her child. Larry refuses, leaving his obsessed old friend determined to do whatever is necessary to find his grandchild.