Star professional quarterback Pete Wilson  thinks nothing of his future after football, not even after longtime teammate Bill "Holly" Holloran ([[Gordon Jones  is released by the team. Pete gets advance after advance on his salary from Anne , the secretary of team owner and coach Lenahan . One day, however, he goes secretly to see a doctor  about various symptoms he has been experiencing and learns that he has a heart condition due to a childhood bout of rheumatic fever, one that could kill him if he continues playing football. He starts to tell his wife Liza , but changes his mind when she is cool to Holly, whom she describes as a has-been after he is gone. Liza is struggling to make her own interior design business a success, and drags Pete to a fancy party to try to land Gilbert Vollmer as a client. Gilbert knows she has no talent, but is interested in her for other reasons. So is his father, Howard ([[Art Baker . The older man is looking to replace his young girlfriend, Billy Duane, and dangles before Liza the prospect of redecorating his apartment. Knowing what he is after, Liza is willing to do whatever it takes to further her ambitions. Meanwhile, Pete is bitterly disappointed when his friend, retiring college head coach Virgil Ryan , informs him that he cannot recommend him as his replacement because Liza is unsuitable for the duties of a coach's wife. Instead, the job is given to Pete's teammate and friend, Tim "Pappy" McCarr . Tim offers Pete the position of his assistant, but Pete turns it down. Afraid of physical contact, Pete turns in a very poor performance and loses the next game. Lenahan cannot afford another loss if he wants to make the playoffs , so he benches Pete in favor of Tim. Tim plays well, and they win their next game. When Pete proposes taking the assistant coaching position, Liza breaks up with him. However, when she gets dumped by Howard, she tries unsuccessfully to get Pete back. Pete is given another chance at glory when Tim is injured, but ultimately tells his teammates about his condition and walks away from the game. Though Anne has made it clear that she loves him, Pete decides to take Liza back, making it clear, however, that it will be on his terms.