A conservative Beijing graduate student name Wu Fang  goes on a series of blind dates. Sensitive to slights and the advances of the men, she often becomes offended and leaves halfway through the dates, though sometimes it is the men who leave first, annoyed by her behavior. On one date she meets Chen Minglian , whose fiancee had recently left him after having an affair with another man. Their initial date is an unmitigated disaster. Mingliang discusses her fortune-telling friend who Mingliang scoffs at, and Wu Fang walks out when Mingliang asks her how many previous boyfriends she has had. When he chases after her suggesting that they get a room in the local hotel, she slaps him and takes a taxi to get away from him. However, Mingliang pursues Fang who, while initially resistant, agrees to go on additional dates with Mingliang. During these dates, Fang begins to relate the tale of her friend's parents. The mother was a cosmetic artist for the dead in a funeral home, a fact that she had kept secret from her husband. When the father finally discovered the truth, he went nearly mad and descended into alcoholism. According to Fang, the father would drink to excess and beat both his wife and his daughter, often claiming that the wife's hands  had destroyed his life. Over the course of several of their dates, Fang tells Mingliang that the mother eventually killed the father accidentally while resisting one of his attacks and was imprisoned for ten years. At times Fang suggests that she has made the story up, though Mingliang seems to remain entranced by the tale. At the same time, Mingliang's artist friend Jun has been trying to set him up with a sultry lounge singer in a club. The singer, named Lang Lang  bears a striking resemblance to Wu Fang but dresses far more provocatively and has no trouble with men. Mingliang tries to get Lang Lang to admit she is Fang, but eventually settles into the idea that she is a different woman. The two share several conversations where they discuss life and love, though Mingliang remains enraptured by the graduate student rather than the lounge singer. Finally Wu Fang agrees to become Mingliang's girlfriend. But when Jun has a dinner party planned, Wu Fang is nowhere to be found. Mingliang asks Lang Lang to pose as his girlfriend for just the night. During dinner, Lang Lang reads the fortune of Jun's girlfriend, revealing her to be shallow and manipulative. When the girlfriend gets too drunk, Jun slaps her. Lang Lang walks up to Jun and slaps him in return, telling him she hates men who strike women . The film ends ambiguously. Laughing, Mingliang takes Lang Lang and they get a hotel room. At the same time, a conversation where Mingliang explains why he likes Fang is replayed on the soundtrack.