Daffy Duck is cast as Stupor Duck and his alter ego, Cluck Trent. The cartoon begins as a parody of the opening to The Adventures of Superman, which shows Stupor Duck being: *"Faster than a bullet"  *"More powerful than a speeding locomotive"  *"Able to leap the tallest building"  After the parodied introduction, the film proceeds to the story: Mild-mannered newspaper reporter Cluck Trent, taking a break from writing, overhears a conversation coming from his editor's office. The one-sided conversation is from a villain on a "corny soap opera" the editor is watching on TV. The unseen soap's villain calls himself "Aardvark Ratnik," a Russian-accented terrorist hell-bent on world domination. Ratnik supposedly threatens widespread destruction ; his first line, after a maniacal laugh, is "You cannot stop me, Mr. Newspaper Editor!", which leads Cluck to the erroneous conclusion that Ratnik actually exists, his threats are serious, and that stopping him is a job for Stupor Duck. Cluck runs to the broom closet to change into his alter-ego  and begins his search for the non-existent antagonist. One by one, Stupor Duck spots "examples" of "Aardvark's" supposed work, screaming out before tackling each one "THIS is a job for STU-U-U-POR Duck!". His search includes: *A building being destroyed. Stupor Duck pushes the building back upright, only to be punched out by the site foreman; the building was to be demolished and replaced with a new City Hall. *A sinking ship, which was actually a submarine conducting war games. Stupor Duck pulls the sub back to the surface and is promptly blown up by one of its torpedoes. *A dynamite charge at the base of a railroad trestle as a train runs over it. It turned out to be a Warner Brothers location shoot. Stupor Duck grabs the dynamite and heads skyward, blown up by the unknowing explosives expert, who is abruptly showered with black feathers and the "S" shield from Stupor Duck's costume. *Lastly, as Stupor Duck hears a siren while unknowingly flying over government testing grounds, he spots what he thinks is an armed warhead, but is actually a government moon rocket. Right after Stupor Duck lands on the nose cone to try to stop it, the rocket launches into space, leaving behind Stupor Duck's costume in its wake. As the rocket hurtles skyward, two rock climbers see it and shout "Up there in the sky! It's a bird! It's a plane! It's STU-U-UPOR Duck!" The final shot is of Daffy screaming, still clinging to the rocket for dear life at it streaks toward the moon.