A failed space defense system caused millions to die in a nuclear disaster. In the subsequent chaos, the wealthy started cities run by brutal military fascists, whereas the poor roamed the radioactive deserts formed by the nuclear bombs. The radioactive damage caused many people to turn into violent bandits. A group of mutant nomads called the Muties were the victims of murder, torture, and slavery by the bandits. In the year 2058, in Kansas, City , Rudolph Kenner is in a hotel/casino/strip bar when he receives a message from his superior notifying him of the loss of a zirconium mine on Mars to rebel forces. He is reminded to complete his mission and to take care of his mentee, Phil, the son of a zirconium business leader. The next morning, Kenner, Phil, and Phil’s new girlfriend, Sheila, head east to Oblivion, a desolate area that was once was the Atlantic seaboard. Kenner finds a Mutie stuck in a trap and returns her to a Mutie colony. However, a band of bandits attacks the colony, kills Phil, and captures Kenner and Sheila. Kenner is taken to a bandit base called Colosseum. There he encounters the Bishop, the leader of the bandits, who knows Kenner’s intentions and plans to have him die in a gladiator battle. However, Kenner manages to escape the base with a group of Muties in one of the bandits’ car. Later, Kenner explains to Grace, one of the escaped Muties, about his mission. He was hired to take radioactivity readings to determine the feasibility of extracting zirconium from Oblivion. Apparently, this precious mineral is important in a fight against a group of aliens from a parallel universe who transforms planets into stars. To thwart the aliens, scientists developed a zirconium bomb which they used to destroy an alien starship. Kenner says his mission is to help acquire more zirconium to protect the planet. When Kenner asks about Grace’s family, she explains how her parents were eaten by subterranean, cannibalistic mutants called the “Whities”. Eventually, Kenner and the Muties make their way back to a Mutie camp, which is soon attacked by bandits. However, Kenner designs a plan where he sits in the open and draws the bandits into the Mutie shelter. While this happens, the Muties hijack the bandits’ vehicles, and Kenner escapes. The Muties demolish their shelter, sealing the fate of the remaining bandits below. They capture Elijah, a peculiar stranger who was helping the bandits and who Kenner encountered earlier. The Mutie spiritual leader, Uncle Lazarus, puts Kenner in charge of the Muties and reveals that Kenner is part of an unfolding prophesy. Later, with the help of Grace, Uncle Lazarus privately kills himself. Initially, Kenner is reluctant as his new rule as the Muties’ leader but soon adapts to his new role. The Bishop checks in on the bandit patrol over the radio system of one of the hijacked vehicles. In his response, Kenner pretends he is a bandit and decides to take the hijacked convoy to the Colosseum disguised as the patrol group. He gets insight from Elijah about the dangers ahead. Later, Kenner and Grace talk a bit about the fascist world Kenner comes from, and the two eventually make love. The band of Muties arrive at the Colosseum, but the terrified Elijah runs out of the convoy screaming and is shot by bandits. A firefight ensues between the Muties and the bandits. Kenner discovers Sheila along with other prisoners and goes to find the Bishop. Led by Kenner, the Muties enter an arena where they are ambushed by the bandits. They finally make their way to the Bishop, where it is revealed that he is actually a corrupted Mutie. During this confrontation, the Bishop escapes. At the end, Kenner writes a letter to the president of the company that he found his true self in Oblivion. Kenner admits to Grace he intentionally misstated in his report that the conditions in Oblivion are too radioactive to mine, so they would have to buy zirconium from the resident Muties. Grace tells Kenner she does not feel at home in the city, and Kenner agrees. The film ends with them driving back into Oblivion.