Ruby and Garnet are identical twins, who once lived with their Dad and their Gran. Their mother, Opal died after their birth. They are happy together, but then Dad gets a new girlfriend, Rose. The twins and Gran hate her. Dad decides to make things worse for them when he loses his job. He sends Gran to a Senior Citizens' Home and takes his three girls to the country, to open a bookshop. The bookshop more or less fails. The twins make enemies with an overweight boy they nickname "Blob" and his gang. In the book the twins are brunettes, but in the film they are redheads. Because they totally loathe their new life, they do everything bad at school and then regret it. They apologise to Dad and make him biscuits. Whilst doing this, Ruby comes across a Newspaper Advert for an audition for a Television adaptation of the novel "The Terrible Tempest Twins," which was probably named after Zoe and Chloe. Garnet isn't keen but Ruby insists on asking Dad. He clearly says no, so Ruby steals money from Rose and makes Garnet go to Birmingham with her to the audition. The casting director  is very impressed with Ruby. But then it's Garnet's turn and she goes completely blank. Dad turns up and he is furious. When they are watching the news that night, Ruby appears on TV giving a quick wave to the camera. Then they show the filming location, a boarding school called Marnock Heights. Ruby insists on secretly writing a letter to the headteacher, to try to get Garnet and her a place. They get a reply with a brochure. Then they realise when they show Dad and Rose, that it costs £10,000, unless they get a scholarship. They sit an entrance exam, but only one girl can get the scholarship. Ruby is so confident that it's her, that when Garnet gets the place, she goes on a hateful resentment towards her, desperate to be different. Garnet copies her to be her twin, and then Ruby loses the rag completely and violently chops off her pigtails. She won't talk to Garnet at all and says "they are split for ever and ever" and then the day comes when Garnet is going to Marnock Heights, when Ruby suddenly regrets her actions and apologises. They make up and Garnet later calls her with her new mobile and everything is brilliant, considering she was really nervous beforehand. The film closes with the quote "We'll always be Ruby and Garnet, for ever and ever and ever."