{{plot}} The film begins with a credit sequence showing women being assaulted, before moving to The Girl  waking up inside a coffin in a funeral home. The funeral director  hears this, and exits the room. The Girl manages to knock the coffin over, and crawls out. She crawls to the exit, only to find it locked, but the door to the adjacent room is open, so she goes in there instead. She picks up the phone and dials 911, where she is unable to report what has happened to her due to amnesia. The operator offers to send a police car to her, but she accidentally pulls the phone off the hook before they can find out where she is. She walks over to the door, but Chrome Skull  sees her and rushes to the door. He tries to get it open, but fails, and she sits down on the floor. When he goes away, she throws the phone down, and the funeral director returns to let her in. He puts the keys in the door, only for Chrome Skull to appear behind him. The Girl attempts to warn him, but he tells her no one is there, and Chrome Skull kills him. Chrome Skull tries the door, but The Girl pushes it into his head and knocks him out, before running away. She runs into the street, where she is picked up by Tucker , and she tells him she had been locked in a box. He takes her home, where she meets his wife, Cindy . At first, Cindy is nasty towards her, but after Tucker explains the situation, she calms down, and feels bad about all the things she said about her. She then allows The Girl to take a shower. She tells The Girl that she doesn't have a phone because the phone company cut them off, but her brother Johnny  will be over in the morning, and he can take her into town. The Girl goes to lie down, and gets upset, so Tucker comes in to comfort her. He then offers to give her a name until she can remember her own. She has a childhood memory of a doll named Princess. Tuckers suggests calling her Princess. When he returns to his room, he notices Cindy has disappeared. They go outside to find that Chrome Skull has her. Chrome Skull tries to get Tucker to give "Princess" up in exchange for his wife, but he refuses. Tucker tries to attack Chrome Skull, but Chrome Skull stabs Cindy in the head and pins her to the house. "Princess" drags Tucker away, but Chrome Skull comes forward. Tucker hits him with his walking stick and Chrome Skull falls down some stairs. Tucker and "Princess" get into Tucker's truck and drive away. Meanwhile, Johnny and his girlfriend Jamie  arrive at Cindy's house. Johnny goes to investigate Chrome Skull's car, and then comes back to his own car, where Chrome Skull cuts off his face. Jamie crawls on to the back seat, and reaches for the phone, but Chrome Skull stabs her in the hand. She gets out of the car, and cannot see him, so she runs into the garden, where he cuts her with his knife. She carries on running only to find that he has cut her belly open and her intestines are hanging out. She falls to the ground dead. Tucker and "Princess" arrange to go to the next house, where Steven  answers the door. He invites them in and tells them he can use his computer to contact the police. They tell him that Cindy has died and a man with a shiny face has killed her and wants to kill "Princess" too. While she goes to the bathroom, they report the crime to the police over the computer. They then look for more information on Chrome Skull, and look for missing people that match "Princess's" description. The site tells them that Chrome Skull has killed over 31 girls so far and filmed their deaths. They go to the police station in Steven's car and look for the Sheriff, who radios in a report. Tucker answers it, and reports the crime. The Sheriff tells them he is locked in the supply closet. "Princess" finds a body in a cell with a camera strapped to it, and then they hear someone behind them, and Tucker tells them it isn't the Sheriff. He radios the Sheriff again, who says he is locked in the supply closet. As Steven enters the closet, which is empty, the cell door opens and the camera comes on, just as Chrome Skull appears and dashes towards "Princess". He slices her, but Tucker knocks him over and into the cell. He and "Princess" escape, inadvertently locking Steven in, so "Princess" goes back to get him and Steven stabs Chrome Skull in the leg. They drive to the funeral home, where Tucker dresses "Princess's" wounds, and Steven sees his mother's corpse in a hearse next to his car. Tucker reassures "Princess" that no one is going to kill her, and hugs her. Chrome Skull arrives and takes Steven's mother's corpse into his lair at the side of the funeral home. Tucker goes home to clear up the mess in case Johnny sees it , and "Princess" decides to stop Chrome Skull. She enters his lair and tries to rescue a woman, but he approaches them, so she runs away. He then decapitates the woman. "Princess" hides inside a coffin and he drills a hole in the top before putting a camera on there. Tucker arrives back with a gun and shouts at Steven for not looking after "Princess". They enter Chrome Skull's lair and Tucker shoots him twice. They get "Princess" out of the coffin and steal Chrome Skull's car, where they find a new phone. They go to Steven's house, and "Princess" waits in the car. She watches a video of the funeral director telling Chrome Skull that the Sheriff was on to their plan. Then she inputs the destination of the nearest store into the GPS and sets off towards it. Tucker and Steven find her gone and go after her on foot. Meanwhile, Chrome Skull gets into a hearse and syncs the two GPS machines so he can track his car, before driving off to find it. Tucker and Steven attempt to get a lift from Tommy  and Anthony , who drive away. "Princess" pulls up at the store and tries to get out, but the doors are locked. She tries to get the attention of the Clerk , by beeping the horn, but he can't hear her. When Tommy and Anthony arrive she tries to get their attention too, but they ignore her and enter the store. Chrome Skull arrives next and enters the car. He gives her a message to get some tapes, and sends her into the store. She puts the phone on the counter and asks for the tapes, but he sends her a threatening message, which the Clerk sees. The Clerk goes outside with a rifle and threatens Chrome Skull, but Chrome Skull grabs the gun and points it at his head just as he is about to fire it, causing him to shoot himself in the head. Inside, Anthony manages to call the police and reports the crime, before locking the front door. As Tucker and Steven arrive, Anthony goes to check the back exit, and is decapitated by Chrome Skull. Tommy initially refuses to let them in, but "Princess" says she knows them. She apologizes for driving away, and Tucker hugs her again. Steven then mixes some acid that will cause someone's face to burn, before they get a message on the phone. He goes to answer it, but Chrome Skull sprays tire sealant into his ears, causing his head to explode. Tucker tells Tommy to bring his car to the door and not to leave until "Princess" gets out. Tucker fires at Chrome Skull but runs out of ammo, and tells "Princess" to leave, but she refuses. She tells him Chrome Skull will never stop, but he tells her  that she is somebody great, and not to forget it. He attacks Chrome Skull, but Chrome Skull gets the upper hand and stabs him in the chest. "Princess" climbs into the fridge, and Chrome Skull puts a camera in there. She watches the video and it reveals that she is a call girl that Chrome Skull had lured to his hotel room, where he hit her head with a baseball bat. She smashes the camera and yells at Chrome Skull, saying she does not care anymore. He breaks the glass door to the fridge, but his mask falls off. Chrome Skull then starts to use the acid, thinking it is glue, to glue his mask back on. When he puts it on, his face begins to melt and he falls to the ground. "Princess" climbs out of the freezer and grabs a baseball bat, hitting him in the face and causing his head to smash. She runs over to Tucker and lays her head on his chest and weeps. Tucker looks down at her, but has a vision of his wife telling him she loves him more than anything. Tucker dies. "Princess" then Tommy in his car and they go to Atlanta with her in Anthony's place. During the credits, the police arrive at the store, where they find a note on Tucker's body, telling them the location of the killer's victims, and letting them know to have Steven buried next to his mother.