Phyllis Nefler is a Beverly Hills wife who is separated from her husband Fred, a well-off owner of a chain of auto shops. Fred feels Phyllis is a self-absorbed "shopaholic" who never follows through on her commitments. Phyllis decides to prove him wrong by applying to be the leader of her daughter Hannah's unruly, leaderless local troop of the Wilderness Girls . Phyllis is severely lacking in the skills found in most troop leaders. She resolves to teach the girls how to survive in "the wilds of Beverly Hills, " and to that end customizes new merit badges for her troop. Despite her unorthodox ways, Phyllis demonstrates an unwavering commitment to the girls' well-being, acting as a surrogate mother and friend to many of the girls who are neglected by their own wealthy parents. She is unfailingly nice to everyone and demonstrates that she knows that friendship is far more important than money. Fred, who seems to have moved on and even has a new girlfriend, notices Phyllis' newfound maturity and compliments her on it. Phyllis's unorthodox ways run afoul of another leader, Velda Plendor, a traditionalist who runs her troop, the Culver City "Red Feathers" , like a military unit, and has considerable pull at the regional council level. Velda revokes Phyllis' customized merit badges and sends her assistant troop leader, Annie Herman, to Troop Beverly Hills to infiltrate it. Troop Beverly Hills, which is yet unrecognized by the regional council, can gain recognition by passing a series of tests at an upcoming Jamboree. In order to qualify for the Jamboree, the troop needs to sell cookies. Velda sabotages the cookie sales by having the Red Feathers sell cookies in Troop Beverly Hills' own territory. Seeing this and realizing that the Red Feathers are mean-spirited cheaters who are not above resorting to dirty tricks to win at all costs, Annie Herman betrays Velda and joins Phyllis' troop for real. Phyllis, unfazed, decides to beat Velda at her own game and devises a new plan to sell cookies - a series of star-studded events. It's a success, as the girls sell over 4,000 boxes of cookies, more than enough to qualify for the Jamboree, which is in the rough back country of California. Phyllis is then hit with a one-two punch: although Fred has separated from his new girlfriend, he wants to go ahead with the divorce and wants joint custody of Hannah; and Velda meanly tries to talk her out of attending the Jamboree, warning her that someone might get hurt. She sinks into a deep depression and finally decides to disband the troop, but the girls talk her out of it. During the Jamboree, the Red Feathers try to get ahead of Troop Beverly Hills by misdirecting them into a snake-infested swamp which causes the troop to lose vital radio contact with Annie, but a skunk scares Phyllis and the girls into running fast, indirectly making them first in the qualifying event. Velda takes charge of the Red Feathers herself in the final run by cutting down a rope bridge, but this also fails. However when Velda cheats by going into a restricted area used only for hunting, she wounds herself on a bear trap. The Red Feathers, especially Cleo, leave her behind for the sake of winning. Troop Beverly Hills finds her and reluctantly carries her to the finish, after being reminded by Phyllis about being considerate to all in need, even adversaries. The Red Feathers cross the finish line first, but they are disqualified because they did so without their leader. Although Cleo runs off with the trophy, Troop Beverly Hills is declared the winners of the Jamboree and are validated as true Wilderness Girls. Francis Temple, the regional leader, fires Velda from the Wilderness Girls Organization as Velda hurled insults at the councilwomen for recognizing Troop Beverly Hills. The girls' families show up moments later very proud of them. Fred, impressed by Phyllis' complete turnaround, decides to call off the divorce, and he and Phyllis reconnect. One year later, Troop Beverly Hills is seen as the Poster Troop, while Velda is shown with a very humiliating job at K-Mart announcing a "Blue Light Special" on cookies at Aisle 13.