Like the novel, the story is about artist Thomas Hudson, an American who has left the civilized world for the simple life in the Caribbean. Schaffner tells the tale in four parts: *The Island - Introduces Hudson and the people he knows. The area is The Bahamas, and the time is 1940. While he is glad to see his friends, Tom, as he is called, is concerned about his friend Eddy, who loves to drink and brawl with anyone he finds. Later the residents of the island and Tom celebrate the Queen Mother's Anniversary. *The Boys - Weeks after the celebrations for the Queen Mother, Tom sees his three sons for the first time. It is a bittersweet reunion as he had left them and his wife Audrey many years ago. Later, the four, including the youngest David, go on a challenging fishing trek to catch a Marlin. The segment ends as the boys return to the United States, while oldest son Tom joins the Royal Air Force in time for the Battle of Britain. Their father writes and tells them in a monolog how much he misses them. *The Woman - Tom's wife Audrey is introduced. Hoping she can give him companionship and love, Audrey returns to Tom to try to find what feelings may still exist between them. Tom finds he still loves his wife, but her real motive is revealed as the segment ends: she is there to tell him that young Tom is dead. The passing of their son spoils her attempt at a reconciliation. *The Journey - In an attempt to help others escape the Nazis, Tom decides to go on a search for refugees. He is accompanied by Joseph and Eddy. Leaving the British owned Bahamas for the waters near neutral Cuba, Tom finds the refugees and tries to get them near land so they can go to the port of Havana en route ultimately to the U.S. He comes to a set of conclusions, that he may not be able to trust "rummy" Eddy, the refugees may or may not make it, and this trip may be suicide for all concerned as they will face the Cuban Coast Guard. In the novel's actual climax, Tom battles a U-boat that is off the coast of Bimini.