Ann  is a young girl who has been living in an orphanage since infancy. She is disliked and spurned by the other children, and treated coldly by the orphanage administrators—the reason for this, however, is unclear. She is told by the orphanage cook Black Cindy  during a palm-reading that she will be cursed until she is married. Ann's stay at the orphanage is an endless series of unhappy circumstances; she steals a doll belonging to a popular girl named Goldie , then accidentally breaks the doll, thereby adding to her loneliness and misery. One day, while the children are napping, a fire breaks out in the orphanage and Ann heroically saves Goldie from the flames.Hoodoo Ann at Yahoo! Movies Impressed with Ann's selflessness, a kindly couple, Samuel and Elinor Knapp  take her in and later adopt Ann. Ann immediately becomes smitten with a neighbor boy named Jimmie Vance  and the two youths begin courting. Believing that her "curse" is coming to an end, Ann attends a motion picture with Jimmie. Enthralled by the action-filled western film she had witnessed, the following day Ann is inspired to imitate the film's main character Pansy Thorne while playing with a gun. Unbeknownst to Ann, the gun is loaded and a round goes off and the stray bullet enters a neighbor's house. Ann tentatively peers through the window and is shocked to see her neighbor, Bill Higgins ([[Charles Lee  lying on the floor. Believing she killed Mr. Higgins, Ann is despondent, sure that the curse is still upon her and fearful that Jimmie will never marry her now that she has committed murder.The New York Times Movies: Hoodoo Ann After tearfully confessing to her "crime" and a subsequent investigation into the peculiar disappearance of the body of Mr. Higgins, the town is shocked when Mr. Higgins returns home several days later and reveals that he had simply left town to avoid his wife's incessant nagging. Overjoyed, Jimmie and Ann marry and the "hoodoo" is lifted. But the wedding ceremony is not entirely a happy affair; Ann appears distracted and pensive throughout, leaving the viewer to wonder if she perhaps believes that the curse is still upon her.AFI Catalog: Silent Films