The Gilded Six-Bits opens up with the description of a house, in which it is described as "It was a Negro yard around a Negro house in a Negro settlement. But there was something happy about that place." What is happy about that house are the newlyweds who live in it, Missie May and Joe. The characters are first introduced when Missie May, the wife, awaits her husband, Joe return from work. Every week on Joe's pay day, he comes home and tosses silver dollars through the front door for Missie may to pick up. Like always, she pretends to be mad that he is throwing the money and playfully chases him, then goes through his pockets to find a little present that he has bought her. That night, with the silver dollars placed next to Missie May plate during dinner, Joe tells her that he is going to take her out to a new ice cream parlor opened by a new rich man in town from Chicago, who goes by the name of Otis D. Slemmons. To many people in the community, Slemmons is seen as charismatic and wealthy. Joe discusses his fine clothes, while Missie May seems to be unimpressed, suggesting that he might be lying about his wealth and success, and states that there is no other man that can be better than Joe. Joe still believes that Slemmons is still a great man and decides to take Missie May to the ice cream parlor that he owns so he can show his beautiful wife off and meet him. At the ice cream parlor, Missie May still shows that she is not impressed by the man but shows some keen interest in his wealth. When they return home, Joe tells Missie May that although he may not have money like Slemmons, he'd rather be broke as long as he has her. Every week, they make their visit to the ice cream parlor. It's not until one night that Joe gets off work early the test of love is finally revealed. Joe arrives home to find Slemmons in the bed alongside Missie May. Missie May pleads and apologizes to Joe by revealing that the only reason she slept with Slemmons was to get money from him. Joe shows anger by attacking Slemmons, but after he leaves he shows no more signs of anger. The next morning, Joe treats the day as if it was just an ordinary day and asks Missie May why she is not eating breakfast. Missie May cannot understand why Joe does not leave her, but he continues to torture her by carrying around the golden coin Slemmons left behind to symbolize the affair. Days go by and the couple slowly drifts away until Joe comes home complaining of aches and pains. He asks Missie May to give him a massage and that night they end up sleeping together for the first time in a long time. When Joe gets up that morning, he leaves behind Slemmon's coin, in his attempt to torture her, by paying her for her services. When Missie May examines the coin, she realizes that it is nothing but a gilded half dollar covered in gold. She realizes that Slemmons was not a rich man after all, but a liar and a fake. At that point, Missie May feels ashamed and embarrassed by throwing all of the happiness away for something that seemed too good to be true. A few weeks after this event, Missie may finds out that she is pregnant and Joe is not concerned whether the baby is his or not. Fortunately at the end of the story, the baby is born, and it is indeed Joe's after being convinced by his mother. Joe is truly happy and takes the gilded coin to the candy shop to buy his wife some chocolates. That night when he returns home, he continues the tradition between the two, by tossing the silver half dollars to Missie May to symbolize the happiness that is again within the house, and for the first time in a while, they are finally a happy couple again.{{cite book}}