The British Navy in Port Said is making plans for naval maneuvers with the French fleet. Plans are delayed because the British Secret Service has been warned about possible sabotage. On a ship docking in Port Said is Madame Delacour  the wife of the French naval admiral. Delacour and her daughter Marie  are befriended on board by the charming Eric Norvel , the goofy Rollo Venables , and someone posing as Mr. Moto . Norvel reveals his true nature when the ship docks and he lures Mr. Moto to his death. This “fake” Mr. Moto turns out to be a fellow agent of the real Mr. Moto  who is posing as a curio dealer Mr. Kuroki. Norvel takes Delacour and Venables to a variety show which features Fabian the Great , a ventriloquist. Fabian is the leader of the gang of saboteurs which includes Hakim ([[John Davidson , Captain Hawkins , Danforth , and Norvel. Danforth is actually a British Secret Service agent named Burke. Moto listens in on their conversation and is almost captured, but Burke helps him escape. Norvel is given the task of finding out from Delacour when the French fleet is due at Port Said. Fabian is staying at a bar called “Connie’s Place” run by a British expatriate named Connie Porter . Porter had been smuggled out of Britain by Fabian when she was on the run from the police but she doesn't know Fabian's true occupation. She thinks he is in a smuggling racket. The bar is across the street from Kuroki’s  curio shop where Venables purchases a scarab ring. Venables is then mugged in the street only to be saved by Moto’s judo skills. The suspicious Fabian thinks that Kuroki is actually Moto and so enlists Connie to follow him the next day. She sees Moto visit the Port Commandant's office where he learns about the salvage ship "The Vulcan" which is captained by Hawkins. Fabian also discovers that Danforth is the secret agent, Burke. Fabian lures Burke to "The Vulcan" and reveals his plan to blow up the French fleet and blame it on the British. He then kills Burke by trapping him in a diving bell. Norvel gets the information that is needed and tells Fabian at the theater. Connie overhears the conversation and threatens to call the Port Commandant, but Fabian convinces her to go along with him. Hakim tries to kill Moto with a bomb, but Moto escapes the explosion and follows Hakim to a warehouse. Moto enlists Venables to help but Venables is tricked by Norvel. After a fight, Moto and Venables are tied up in sacks and thrown into the ocean but not before Moto tricks Hawkins and grabs a piece of sharp metal. Connie can't bear to see such violence and goes to call the police. Fabian knocks her out and proceeds with his plans. Moto escapes underwater and frees Venables who goes to inform the police. Norvel dives down to await a signal from Fabian but Moto overpowers him and prematurely detonates the explosives that were meant to destroy the French fleet. Resurfacing, Moto fights with Fabian but Connie shows up and shoots Fabian. Moto discovers the saboteur's plans in Fabian's dummy but never reveals to the audience what country tried to engineer a war between France and England.