During a slow day at school, Alfalfa spends penmanship class writing a note to Spanky, informing his pal that the three "little kids", Buckwheat and Porky, have firecrackers and that Spanky should think of a way to relieve them of their possessions. Alfalfa delivers his note to Spanky via paper airplane, and as soon as recess begins, the two boys stop Buckwheat and Porky at the door and offer to trade a magnifying glass and a water pistol for the firecrackers. When Buckwheat and Porky refuse their offer, Spanky and Alfalfa sneak into the janitor's office and borrow his clothing to disguise themselves as an adult. Spanky sits on Alfalfa's shoulders, and also cuts Alfalfa's cowlick off to use as a mustache . Telling the little kids that he's a G-man, the ersatz Spanky-Alfalfa "adult" succeeds in extracting the firecrackers from Buckwheat. Spanky and Alfafa fail to make an escape, however, without giving away their disguise. Undaunted, Spanky discards the disguise and begins attempting to light the firecrackers with his magnifying glass. Buckwheat gets even with him by sneaking into the classroom and ringing the teacher's bell, bringing recess to an early end. As everyone heads inside, Spanky has Alfalfa stuff the firecrackers in his back pocket, and Porky picks up Spanky's magnifying glass, which he'd left discarded on the ground as he headed back inside. Back in class, Miss Lawrence calls on the children to recite their recitations, but it turns out that Alfalfa is the only one willing to recite. He stands to recite "The Charge of the Light Brigade," revealing the firecrackers in his back pocket. Using the magnifying glass, Porky trains the light on Alfalfa's pocket, setting off the firecrackers so that by the time Alfalfa reaches the "Cannons to the left of me/Cannons to the right of me/Volleyed and thundered" verses of the poem, the poor boy's backside is on fire. Alfalfa runs around the classroom and then outside where he puts his rear out in a washtub full of cold water. With his mouth hanging open and his eyes closed, he dunks his rear end into the cold water over and over again. He does this as the rest of the class looks on and begins to laugh at the situation. At first he does not notice them, but then he looks over as he continues to dunk. When Alfalfa sees the whole class staring at him, he turns red and is VERY embarrassed, but can't stop dunking because it feels so good. Hilarious!