Kevin, Brian, Chris, Darick and Eddie are childhood friends from a working-class neighborhood in Pittsburgh. They are in their 20s and working low paid blue collar jobs and occasional small criminal offenses like selling marijuana or illegally providing liquor for parties. They cook up a scheme to make extra money that involves prostitution. They start with two prostitutes then the business gets bigger with more girls. They find some drug dealer, named Nate, with a low price but as they get richer, Nate gets more expensive. One night Chris and Sienna meet with an old client who likes Sienna. Both smoke crack, and he kills her. The police arrive and arrest him and Chris. He is involved in several crimes that include prostitution, drug-dealing, possession etc. He could face 10 years in maximum state prison. Brian arrives to jail to visit Chris, who tells him that the cops will reduce his sentence to two years minimum, if he tells them where he got the drugs from. Brian tries to convince Chris that if he does this, Nate will hunt him down, but Chris doesn't care. Meanwhile, Brian gets addicted to cocaine. Brian plans to kill Chris with an old man in jail who sticks a knife in his stomach but does not kill him. Chris tells the police of Brian's drug business. His other friends tell him that they are not going to be involved in the business anymore with Chris in jail and Sienna dead, so they go. Darick is killed by the drug-dealer Nate and Brian tries to kill Kevin unsuccessfully. Kevin took a plane out of the country, with his girlfriend catching up with him later, having been shot by Brian in an attempt to kill the couple. She goes to the hospital and catches the next flight. The police then raid Brian's house. Brian burns all of his drug money and tries to flush the drugs down the toilet, but the cops turn off the water supply, knowing Brian is planning on getting rid of the drugs. A helicopter surrounds his house and they order Brian to surrender. Brian grabs his M16 and fires at the helicopter. A shootout with Brian and the cops occurs. Out of bullets, Brian runs to his bedroom to grab his pistol. He calls his mother and apologizes for the lifestyle he chose. She sees him on the news. Brian walks outside, with a gun in his hand. Cops order him to drop the weapon or they will shoot. Brian surrenders, but when he is trying to drop his guns, Nate, with a sniper rifle, shoots and kills him so Brian won't tell the cops who gave him the drugs. The police, amazed, didn't see who kills him. In the end of the movie Brian's mother is shown in the cemetery with Eddie and Chris who is still incarcerated and uses a wheelchair. Kevin and his girlfriend are somewhere away from the US, but still send letters to Eddie. Finally, in Eddie's thoughts, he says that he didn't want to be involved in the beginning of the business because they reached a very high point but finally went to a bridge to nowhere.