Susan Graham  is a discontented heiress whose joint guardians  are both trying to get her married to their odious nephews ([[Peter Hammond . On her nineteenth birthday, the five of them visit a nightclub called the Magnolia Club; also present happens to be radio star Nick Martin , whom Susan detests. When she is inadvertently seated at Martin’s table directly in front of the floor show, she refuses to move, and Martin, despite his radio reputation as a fearless detective, is too intimidated by her hauteur to insist. This, however, proves to be a mixed blessing for Susan; when the evening’s principal performer, a ventriloquist, comes out, she laughs so hard at his routine that she gets a bad case of the hiccups. She attempts to cure them by getting a drink of water, but succeeds only in getting caught in the crossfire of a pie fight. Four days later, Susan’s hiccups still haven’t stopped, and her doctor  recommends that her guardians take her to a certain haunted house for a good fright. On the way, they stop at a pub for directions, and Susan runs into Nick Martin again. At first, she is still chilly towards him, but then the narrator  shoots the two of them with Cupid’s arrow, and they immediately fall in love. Martin’s overbearing mother , however, soon comes to take him away – but not before the two of them have arranged a rendezvous. The plot then proceeds to the haunted house, where Susan’s guardians, not believing in the ghost, have hired an actor to play the part. Susan, however, slips away to her rendezvous before he begins working; consequently, she still has the hiccups when Mrs Martin finds her and Nick trysting together. This fact doesn’t amuse Mrs Martin, who apparently believes that hiccups are contagious; she forbids Susan to see her son again, and suggests that she see a psychiatrist  about her problem. The psychiatrist concludes that, because Susan got the hiccups from laughing, she can rid herself of them if she laughs that hard again. He recommends “a fellow on a BBC show called Jimmy Edwards”; Susan accordingly goes to the BBC studios, where, naturally enough, she meets Nick again. The two of them arrange a date at the Magnolia Club, ostensibly so Susan can cure her hiccups by laughing at the ventriloquist again, but really so they can gaze into each other’s eyes all night. Their reverie is interrupted, however, by Mrs Martin, who shows up at the club and orders her son home. When Nick fails to stand up to her, Susan, disgusted, storms out of the club, inspiring Nick, a little too late, to develop a backbone and tell his mother off. Returning home, Susan writes a letter to Nick breaking off their relationship, but the Martin address turns out to be unlisted. She therefore returns to the BBC and leaves the letter on his microphone; on her way back out, however, she mistakes the door and ends up locking herself in a supply closet. The next morning, she turns up missing; Nick, frantic, sets all of England looking for her, and at first refuses to broadcast until she’s found. Being persuaded, however, that his program is necessary for the social stability of the nation, he returns to the BBC that evening; in the course of the broadcast, the closet door is opened, and Susan tumbles out, unconscious. She is, however, quickly revived – and, what is more, when she sees her guardians’ nephews , she bursts out laughing, thereby finally curing herself of the hiccups. She and Nick fall into each other’s arms, and all ends happily.