{{plot}} After discovering that her boyfriend Garrett  cheated on her, sorority sister Megan , with the help of her sorority friends - Cassidy , Jessica , Ellie , Claire , and Chugs , Garrett's sister, pulls a prank on Garret; she fakes her own death while making out with him. With the help from the sisters, Garrett brings Megan to a steel mill, intent on dumping her body in the lake. After Jessica jokingly mentions they need to release the air out of her lungs so her body will not float to the top, Garrett stabs Megan through the chest with a tire iron, killing her for real. Most of the group decides to dump Megan's body in the mine, along with the tire iron. Eight months later, the girls have grown apart and put the incident behind them, although Cassidy still feels guilty about the incident. After Ellie faints because she thought she saw Megan, Cassidy helps her, the girls all receive a picture sent to their phones: a robed arm holding the bloody lug wrench Garrett used to kill Megan. Suspicion falls on Garrett, but Chugs insists he's changed after the incident. Jessica takes the lead and insists it is merely a sick joke by him and continues with the party. Megan's sister, Maggie , arrives, wanting to honor her sister's memory by attending the party. Later, Chugs leaves the party to go to her therapist appointment. Not knowing that her therapist was killed, she lies down to wait for him, but instead, Chugs is drinking wine and the wine bottle is shoved down her throat by a mysterious killer. At the sorority's shower room, Claire and Jessica discussing about the incident. After they leave, a sorority girl named Joanna , who overheard their conversation, gets stabbed in the mouth by the mysterious killer. During the party, Claire's boyfriend, Mickey , is being rude to her so she breaks up with him. He tries to sell drugs to girls when Ellie sees him, he tries to find Ellie to tell her not to tell Claire, but all he finds is the killer. He is attacked and murdered  when trying to go down a dumbwaiter, with Ellie witnessing it. Ellie screams down the stairs, Jessica forces a frightened Ellie to take her to the scene, and Jessica decides to take Cassidy, as Claire waits with Ellie. Jessica and Cassidy find Mickey's body and all receive a text containing the video of Megan's death and a message telling them to go to the steel mine in twenty minutes or the video will be sent to the police. The girls drive to the mine shaft, and encounter Garrett, who has cut his wrists. Thinking Garrett is the one stalking them, Jessica runs him over with her SUV. However, they discover afterward that Garrett has been receiving the same text messages they have. Ellie suspects that Megan is the killer, believing that she did not actually die and is seeking revenge. To prove that Megan is dead, the girls lower Cassidy down the shaft to check, but instead of finding Megan's body, she finds finds a message written in blood says "Theta Pi must die". Back at the now empty sorority house , the girls receive a text from Chugs' cell phone, telling them that she is going to be late to the party and that shes dead. Afterward, Claire is pulled by a electric cord and dragged down the pavement and she is shot in the mouth with a flare gun and killed. Cassidy runs out trying to find her, and she finds her dead. Searching the house for Jessica's boyfriend, Kyle , Jessica finds out that Kyle slept with Maggie and Jessica fights with Maggie until their house mother, Mrs. Crenshaw , threatens Jessica with her shotgun. After discovering about the incident, Mrs. Crenshaw tells the girls to lock themselves in a bedroom and to call the police  while she searches for the killer, who is in the house. Maggie is shocked and leaves the room to find Megan. After a game of cat and mouse in the kitchen, Mrs. Crenshaw is trying to reload when the killer pushes a table and Mrs. Crenshaw is killed, with the tire iron behind her. The girls hear the shots from Mrs. Crenshaw's gun and believe that she killed Megan. With no cell phones around, Cassidy and Jessica go to Mickey's body, for his cell phone, telling Ellie to run if she gets the chance. Downstairs, the killer confronts Maggie  Maggie steps closer and the killer throws a Molotov cocktail at her, setting the house on fire. Cassidy and Jessica find Kyle, who injures Jessica after getting into a fight with her. Cassidy and Jessica flee to an under-renovation bathroom where they find Megan's decomposing corpse hanging in the shower. Kyle attacks them there and knocks out Jessica. Before he can harm Cassidy, Kyle is killed with an axe in the head by Andy , Cassidy's boyfriend, who reveals himself to be the killer, as he wanted to have a perfect future with Cassidy, but she was always at risk of being found out, so he killed everyone who knew of Megan's murder. Then when Jessica was talking too much he stabs her in the mouth to shut her up and tells Cassidy that he also wants to kill Ellie. Cassidy opposes to this, but Andy says that Ellie is the weakest and she was the one who told him, so she will be likely to tell someone else. Devising a plan, Cassidy plays along and tells Andy that Ellie is in the basement, and while Andy goes to look for her, Cassidy fetches Ellie from upstairs and they try to run but are attacked by Andy, who is hurt that Cassidy would betray him. Urging Ellie to flee, Cassidy hits Andy with a lamp and tries to escape, but stops after she hears Maggie's cries for help, who is trapped in the flames. Cassidy tries to help her out but Andy comes and tries to kill Maggie, but Cassidy stops him. The floor then crumbles underneath Cassidy, and she is left hanging over the burning basement. As Andy is about to finish her off, Ellie appears and shoots him with Mrs. Crenshaw's shotgun. He falls backward onto the burning floor, which collapses under him and he falls to his death into the flames. With Andy dead, Ellie tells Maggie to wrap a curtain around herself and run through the flames, the two then pull Cassidy back up from the hole in the floor. The trio escape from the burning sorority house, just as emergency personnel arrive onscene. Fifteen months later, Theta Pi is being renovated from the fire and Maggie is now a Theta sister. As the girls sing the Theta Pi song, a figure comes into view, holding a garden trowel. The camera pans up to his wrist, revealing scars implying it to be Garrett.