The film opens at a function celebrating the launch of a book by Professor Siddharth Das . The professor explains that the book has nine and a half love stories; the last story is unfinished because the professor was never able to think of an ending. The professor donates a copy of the book to JC College. The college principal removes the book from the library and places it in an abandoned storeroom. A group of close college friends all attend JC College: Manav ; Shanti , his fiancee; Kabir; Akshay ; Nupur; and Talli. Things change however, when Disha  arrives to the college. Disha is a stunning beauty, and catches Manav's eye. Although Manav is engaged to Shanti, he finds himself strangely drawn to Disha. Disha gradually gets close to Manav, which perturbs Shanti. Manav explains that he feels strangely protective of Disha but that his real love is Shanti. Stranges, telekinetic events transpire at Manav and Shanti's engagement, one of which nearly kills Disha. When the group drives Disha home, their car breaks down and they are forced to spend the night at an old halfway house, Krishna Cottage. The peculiar events intensify at Krishna Cottage, and two of the friends are nearly killed. Disha explains that the spirit of her dead boyfriend, Amar Khanna, is the one causing these supernatural occurrences. One day, Talli picks up Professor Siddharth Das's book and gives it to Nupur, who reads it that evening. She discovers that the book exposes something about Amar Khanna, and calls Talli in fright, but is murdered by a mysterious force. Talli overhears a conversation between Professor Siddharth Das and the college principal. The professor explains that the book is jinxed and brings doom. He cautions the principal that it must be destroyed. Talli goes to nupur's house but he couldn't find her then he takes the book and comes back to the home with kabir,he forgets the book in kabir's car but tells kabir to bring the book in campus and not to read the book. But kabir reads the book and comes to campus but is murdered there by someone. Talli finds the book in campus but he couidn't find kabir there. Shanti arrives at Disha's home, wanting to confront her about Manav. She meets Disha's mother and asks for Disha. Disha's mother reveals the twist: Disha has been dead for 22 years. Stunned, Shanti runs away and is pursued by Disha's spirit, finally collapsing on the highway. When she awakens, she finds herself at the home of a noted astrologer and seance medium named Sunita Menon , surrounded by the rest of her friends. First Sunita performs a seance that invokes Amar's spirit but there is no such spirit then she invokes Disha's spirit. The spirit works through Sunita's body and angrily exclaims its quest for the death of the kids. Talli realizes that the secret is in the book, and runs off to retrieve it. He reads the book and learns that this is all about Krishna Cottage.So he goes there is murdered by Disha. The friends then find that the professor Das has burnt the last few pages of the book and has also been killed by the spirit. The friends figure out it has something to do with a place at a nearby hill station. They rush there and Manav discovers a body preserved in ice. The body bears an uncanny similarity to him; this brings back a flood of visions: Manav was in fact, Amar Khanna in his previous birth. He recalls himself and Disha as students of JC College many years ago. Disha was madly in love with him, but he turned her down because he thought of her as a friend. Angry, Disha committed murders and framed Amar for it. However, Amar found the murder weapon in Disha's car. Disha crashed the car into the side of the mountain, instantly killing them both. The professor and the principal were witnesses to Amar and Disha's death. Disha has now returned as a spirit to reclaim her lost love. Sunita suggests the only way to stop Disha: Manav and Shanti must be married , as this bond is too strong for a spirit to break. The wedding ceremony commences that night, and Disha's spirit attacks the ceremony, killing Sunita Menon. Manav then agrees to go with Disha's spirit, but informs it that while the spirit may claim his body and soul, his heart and destiny belong to his wife Shanti. This finally appeases the spirit and liberates it. The film ends with Manav and Shanti happily married.