In World War II, tank corps Sergeant "Boysie" Oakes stumbles and unwittingly shoots and kills two men attempting to assassinate British Intelligence Major Mostyn  in Paris. Mostyn mistakenly believes Oakes was lethal on purpose. Twenty years later, Mostyn  and his boss  are in trouble due to a series of embarrassing security disasters. To save his job, the chief orders Mostyn to hire an assassin to illegally eliminate security leaks without official authorization. Mostyn recruits Boysie into the Secret Service without first telling him what his employment will entail, luring him in with a lavish apartment and a fancy car. After Boysie passes a training course, Mostyn informs him that his code name is "L", and that it stands for liquidator. Unable to resign and not a killer himself, Boysie secretly hires a freelance professional assassin  to do the dirty work. Things go well until Oakes persuades Mostyn's secretary Iris  to spend the weekend with him on the Côte d'Azur, even though Mostyn has warned him that any contact between spies and civilian employees is a serious criminal offence. Boysie is captured by enemy agents led by Sheriek , who firmly believes he is on assignment and wants to know who the target is. However, Sheriek's superior, Chekhov , is coldly furious that he has gone beyond his orders to merely watch Boysie, thus endangering a much more important operation. He has Sheriek arrange for Boysie to escape. Then Quadrant  arrives with a new mission for Boysie. He is to stage a fake assassination attempt on the Duke of Edinburgh when he visits a Royal Air Force base in order to test the security. Boysie has been duped: Quadrant is actually an enemy agent, and the bullets in his sniper rifle are real. Mostyn shows up in the duke's place and is able to locate Boysie, but while they are distracted, Quadrant and a pilot steal the real target: the Vulture, an advanced new stealth aircraft which the duke was to inspect. Boysie manages to shoot Quadrant and board the plane as it is taking off. To his surprise, the pilot is none other than Iris, who informs him that she is the coordinator of the operation. He is able to overpower her and, with radio help, return the aircraft to the base.