Pete Anderson ([[Richard Egan  is chief of police of a small western town, Wellerton. Anderson has a run-in with the son of a council official , who gets him fired. His warnings that the town is vulnerable to a criminal takeover were considered scaremongering. A group of thieves is being anonymously summoned to a ghost town in the desert by a criminal mastermind. Each is promised a minimum of $50,000 for participating in a heist, and each arrives wearing a beard to disguise his appearance. The thieves are assigned a number , and asked to wear gloves for the duration of the exploit, so as not to provide evidence that could lead back to them. They are shown a map of Wellerton and told that they will fleece it. The criminals use the ghost town to train for the heist. Anderson hands off the running of Wellerton's police department to his deputy , and seeks the comfort of his wife Maggie  and young son Will . Disillusioned by events, Anderson takes to drinking. The "wolves" fly to the outskirts of Wellerton, where they overcome a farmer and his wife . They proceed to blow up the bridge that provides access to Wellerton, then cut phone and power to the town. They surprise the new sheriff and his deputies, locking them in the town jail. Maggie Anderson tips off Pete that the town is being invaded by criminals. He drives into town and starts a running gun fight with the wolves, killing wolf #2 ([[Frankie Randall  and wolf number #3 , also injuring wolf #4 . Anderson is superficially wounded in the fight. Wolves numbers #1 , #5 , #6  and #7  escape back to their plane. They take off and parachute to separate locations, shave off their beards and change their clothes, burying the old clothes and parachute. We see wolf #6 buying a Greyhound ticket, and heading off into the night. Back in Wellerton, the region's sheriff  arrives to collect wolf #4 for interrogation. The mayor offers Pete Anderson his old job back, which he refuses. In hospital, injured wolf #4 is pressured by the sheriff and a detective  to give information about the mastermind and accomplices, but all he can tell them is that they had numbers and beards. On the TV, a children's show plays in the background, with a clown amusing the kids. Wolf #4 recognizes the voice of the clown as that of wolf #1. The clown tells the children a story that's an allegory of the heist they just pulled off. Wolf #4 starts laughing uncontrollably as the sheriff and detective look on.