In 1895, during the late Qing Dynasty, Wong Fei-hung travels by train to Guangzhou to attend a seminar on Western and traditional Chinese medicine. He is accompanied by his romantic interest 13th Aunt and student Leung Foon. He gives a lecture on the benefits of acupuncture while a fellow Chinese doctor helps him translate for the predominantly foreign audience. The seminar is disrupted by the fanatical White Lotus Society - an extreme nationalist cult led by the sinister and seemingly-invincible Priest Kung. The sect aims to drive all foreigners out of Canton and has been killing Westerners and destroying everything regarded alien to Chinese culture. Wong later learns that his translator friend Sun Wen is actually the leader of a group of pro-democratic rebels aiming to topple the Qing government and establish a republic in China. Sun and his friend Lu Hao-tung are heading to Hong Kong to continue with their plans for revolution. Wong decides to assist Sun Wen and the rebels but they encounter a Qing official called General Nap-lan, who stands in their way. Chaos ensue when the White Lotus Society attacks a foreign-language school for children. 13th Aunt brings the students to hide in the British consulate. Nap-lan suspects that the rebels are also hiding in the consulate and he orders his men to disguise themselves as cult members and attack the building. Wong defends the consulate while Sun Wen escapes secretly. Nap-lan then enters the consulate under the pretext of protecting the foreigners from the cult, while using the opportunity to search for Lu Hao-tung. Lu disguises himself as Leung Foon and follows Wong out of the consulate safely, while Leung pretends to be Lu and lures Nap-lan away. To put an end to the White Lotus Society's evil activities, Wong and Lu travel to the sect's headquarters to confront Priest Kung. Wong defeats Kung in a fight and the cult disbands. Wong, Lu and Leung proceed to retrieve a hidden list containing the names of the rebels but run into Nap-lan and his soldiers. Lu is shot by Nap-lan's troops, but he manages to burn the name list to prevent the government from taking it. Wong fights Nap-lan while Leung helps Lu burn the list. Leung almost burns a piece of cloth that wrapped the list, but saves it from the fire. Lu tells Leung to hurry and meet Sun at the pier, but then succumbs to his wounds. Wong and Leung try to escape, but are cornered by Nap-lan. Wong engages Nap-lan once more and kills him. As day breaks, Wong arrives at the pier just as Sun's boat is leaving. He hurls something to Sun, who opens it up to reveal Lu's design of a flag for the Republic of China.