The film starts out with a thief stealing jewelry from a millionaire Chin Pai Wen . The family believes it was done by the infamous Flower Kid, who steals from the rich and gives it to the poor. They then hire Sheriff Butcher Wing  to find him. However, Chin's wife  suggests Skinny Gee , a con man who catches crooks, instead. So Butcher Wing tries to get Skinny Gee by framing him for harassing his sister and offers him a deal if he finds the Flower Kid. Gee manages to Flower Kid. Gee then tells Wing a plan to arrest Flower Kid by setting him up. They fail and Wing arrests Gee for fooling him. Flower Kid then arrives, disguised as a woman, to rescue Gee out of jail. It was a set up by Flower Kid and Gee. Later it is revealed that he is not the real Flower Kid. He is a man named Fatso  who idolizes Flower Kid and pretends to be him. Fatso and Gee later finds the real Flower Kid , who is now old and retired. Then it was also revealed who the thief was at the beginning of the film, a lover of Lady Chin. Later, Lady Chin hires an assassin Chung Fat Pak  to kill Flower Kid. The assassin also kills Lady Chin's lover. Fatso and Gee tries to get a bodyguard for Flower Kid. The bodyguard is a knife throwing expert. He engages in a Mexican-standoff against Never Miss  a gun expert. Never Miss kills the bodyguard. Then Fatso and Gee start training Flower Kid to get his confidence and energy back. During this time, Chung kills Chin Pai Wen. Later, Fatso and Gee also hired a family to act as victim of Chung to get Flower Kid's confidence to battle Chung. The trio then proceeds to find Chung where they engage in a big fight at Chin's funeral. First, Fatso and Gee battles Chung's two henchmen and Flower Kid fights Chung. This is the first 5 minutes of the film... Then, Fatso and Gee kill the henchmen and then Fatso fights Chung eventually killing him in the end. Then, Flower Kid leaves town. In the end, Gee is arrested again, Fatso is arrested too, but he was rewarded out to be sheriff and instead Wing takes his spot in jail.