Revathi ([[Menaka  comes to the city from a small town in search of job and to have a good life and as it is with everyone her problem starts with finding a house. Shyam ([[Shankar  loves to become a popular singer. His parents are dead against his will. So he runs away from home and needs a shelter. Revathi accidentally meets Shyam who too is in search of a house through the common Milkboy, Chikku . Chikku offers them both a house to rent if they are ready to pose as husband and wife in front of the landlord. Supran , a miserly moneylender who doesn't trust his much younger wife Kousalya  is their landlord. Revathi in search of a job meets Ravunni Menon , a rich man who owns a bungalow in the heart of the city. Ravunni Menon stays with his wife whose name too is Revathi . Gopalakrishnan  needs some investment to come up in business and life. But to get started, he ends having to rob his stingy father  of money that the latter had hidden away out of sight of tax authorities. He is in search of a rich woman he can marry. Accidentally Revathi meets Gopalakrishnan who has come to Ravunni Menon's house to repair the electronic equipment, which he had sold to him. Gopalakrishnan thinks that Revathi is Ravunni Menon's daughter and her beauty enchants him. Revathi comes to know that there is a job in Gopalakrishnan's showroom and manages to get a job with him by playing along with his mistaken belief that she is Ravunni Menon's daughter. She is aided in this subterfuge by the fact that she shares the same name as Ravunni Menon's wife and all of his business interests are named after 'Revathi'. After office hours, Gopalakrishnan drops Revathi outside Ravunni Menon's house, thinking it to be her house. She always enters the bungalow through the front gate and skips out through the gate itself after hiding in the garden until Gopalakrishnan drives away. Ravunni Menon's wife, Revathi, sees her coming and going out of the bungalow and starts suspecting her husband of an affair. Gopalakrishnan frequently visits the bungalow to visit Revathi, who is never there, and Ravunni Menon thinks his wife is having an affair with Gopalakrishnan. Further her encounter with 'Thenga' Govindan Pillai  makes the older Revathi believe that her husband has sons and daughters out of wedlock and, thus, quite capable of another affair now. Shyam in the meantime begins falling in love with Revathi and to make her jealous, he pretends that he is attracted to Kousalya, who in turn thinks this to be true and is ready to elope with him after robbing her miser husband. Pappu plays the memorable role of a completely unrelated character who ends up playing a role of his own  and providing some of the best comic relief of the film. What ensues is a comedy-drama about the different roles that people play in life.