The film begins in a maternity ward of a hospital, where the mother of Solmaz Gholami is upset to learn that her daughter has just given birth to a girl, even though the ultrasound indicated that the baby would be a boy. Worrying that her in-laws will force their son to divorce her daughter, she tells another daughter to call her uncles. At the phone booth, she runs into three prisoners, including Arezou and Nargess, who have just been released. They are trying to come up with money so that they can go to Nargess's home village. The third prisoner is immediately arrested, as she tries to pawn a gold chain, leaving just the two women. Nargess spots a landsape-painting of her hometown at a nearby shop and describes to Arezou the paradise awaiting them at the end of their bus journey. Arezou in the meantime finds enough money from an acquaintance to get Nargess a bus ticket, and the two of them separate. At the bus station, however, Nargess can't get on the bus, because it is being searched, and she is afraid that she will be arrested again. Instead she tries to find another prisoner, Pari, who sneaked out of the prison that day. Pari's father will not let her in the house, however, and just as she leaves, Pari's two brothers appear to "talk" to their sister. She manages to escape, and eventually makes her way to a hospital where she finds Elham, another former prisoner who has hidden her past and is now a nurse, married to a doctor. From her conversation with Elham, we learn that Pari is pregnant, but the father of her baby has been executed, and she has no one to approve her having an abortion. Elham, concerned about arousing suspicions about her past, is reluctant to do anything to help her, so Pari is left to wander the streets at night. Without ID, she cannot get into a hotel. At a street corner, she finds a mother trying to abandon her little girl, hoping that she will find a better life with a family. She continues wandering the street. The mother is first caught as a prostitute, but she later manages to escape. Then another woman who was picked up as a prostitute, is taken to prison. She is placed in a cell with other women we met so far in the movie, and the phone rings outside the metal door. A guard answers and comes to the window, calling for Solmaz Gholami, the woman with a girl baby in the first scene. This way the story comes a full circle.