 Anjan works in advertising and has recently rented a room in a house in the suburbs of Calcutta. Eighteen-year-old Ria, who lives there with her grand father, falls in love with the new tenant. But Anjan already has a long-time girlfriend Rupa, who works with him in advertising. The rejected girl tries in vain to win Anjan’s favour. When she sees that her efforts are futile she starts to make trouble for the couple. At first her mischief is only minor, but it is followed by more serious threats to Anjan’s advertising project. And when the couple announces their engagement the girl becomes so enraged thet she tries to kill them. A year later Ria is released from a mental institution because the doctors believe her to be stable. Anjan and Rupa are married and have moved away. But a new tenant has moved into grandfather’s house… The film candidly reflects the culture degradation of the metropolitan environment, of traditional interpersonal relationships and points to the raising crime rate among young people. There have been numerous movies made on the theme of a younger woman becoming infatuated with an older man. In that sense, 'Ek Je Aachhe Konya' isn't too different. Subrata Sen does a good job of directing and writing. He did his research well and tells his story in the modern city.Rupa, Anjan and Ria are people of modern Calcutta. They are sophisticated and smart. Anjan and Rupa work together respectively as creative head and photographer for an ad agency. While young Ria happens to be the granddaughter of new tenant Anjan's landlord. From the moment Ria sets eyes on Anjan, she develops an instant attraction and a strong liking. Though Anjan is slightly aware of this, he brushes it off as harmless. However, things start to go wrong when Rupa enters her picture.Debashree Roy does a decent job as Rupa. The actress has been working for years, hence she plays her part with ease. Sabyasachi Chakravarthy is alright. Finally Konkona Sen Sharma steals the show with her portrayal of the stubborn, obsessive and unexpectedly dangerous Ria. She is simply excellent and keeps surprising with her versatility.Thanks to Sen's writing, no time is wasted on unnecessary subplots as the focus is on the three 'protagonists'. However, 'Ek Je Aachhe Konya' bears a striking resemblance to The Crush that starred Alicia Silverstone. The film may not be a rip-off but some people find similarities between the two movies. The songs are beautiful. For Konkona fans, 'Ek Je Aachhe Konya' is not to be missed because you'll see her in a completely different shade.