Set in the state of Virginia during the American Civil War, James Stewart plays the role of family patriarch, Charlie Anderson. He and his six sons run the family farm, while his daughter Jennie  and daughter-in-law Ann  take care of the housework. Charlie's oldest son Jacob  wants to join the war, but Charlie repeatedly tells his family that they won't join the war until it concerns them. Although a few of the boys want to join, they respect their father's wishes and remain on the farm. Charlie's daughter Jennie is courted by a young soldier named Sam . He wants to marry Jennie, and when Charlie gives his permission, the wedding occurs a few days later. As soon as the vows are said, a young corporal rides up and announces that Sam is wanted back immediately. Sam leaves, much to the sorrow of his new bride. While out hunting raccoon, Charlie's youngest son and his friend stumble onto a Confederate ambush. They run away and stop for a drink at a pond. The boy is wearing an old rebel soldier cap that he found at the river. When a union patrol comes on them, the boy is taken as a prisoner of war. His young friend, Gabriel , runs to tell the Andersons what happened. When Charlie hears the news, he and his sons and daughter Jennie leave to look for the boy, leaving James  and his wife Ann at the farm with their young baby. Meanwhile, the boy is taken to a prisoner of war camp. He finds a man  who is going to escape, and decides to let the boy come along. They and a few other men successfully make it out of the camp and start heading south. Not long after, they come onto a Confederate camp, and are soon involved in a skirmish. The boy's friend is killed, and the boy himself is shot in the leg. When a Union soldier comes along about to kill him, the boy looks up into the face of his friend, Gabriel. Gabriel helps him off into a bush to hide until after the battle. Charlie Anderson, still looking for the boy, overpowers the Union soldiers on a train carrying prisoners. He looks through the boxcars, searching for the boy. When he finds that the boy is not there, he gets on his horse to leave. As he looks up, he sees young Sam coming through the crowd. Jennie is overjoyed to see her husband, and Sam leaves with the Andersons, telling the soldiers to burn the train and go home. Back at the farm, scavengers raid the place, killing both James and Ann. On their way back home, the Andersons run across a Confederate patrol. The young sentry, startled by the sound of horses, stands up and takes a shot at Jacob, killing him instantly. Charlie starts to kill the sentry, but stops to ask him his age. The sentry replies, "sixteen, sir." Charlie stops, remembering that his youngest son is sixteen. He emotionally tells the sentry that he wants him to live and be an old man and have many sons. He wants him to know what it feels like to lose one of them. When the Andersons return home, the doctor tells them what happened to James and Ann. Their young child Martha is still alive, and Charlie takes her in his arms. The following day at the breakfast table, Charlie begins his standard prayer, but is so heartbroken that he can't finish it. He goes out to the family graveyard to see his wife's grave. He sees the graves of James, Jacob and Ann alongside his wife, and as he talks to her, he hears church bells ringing in the distance. Coming back to the farmhouse, he demands to know why no one told him it was Sunday. The whole family gets dressed and ready for church, coming in the door of the church house as the singing is started. As the congregation completes the first song, the pastor, , starts to announce the next hymn. As he does so, the boy stumbles through the back door on a crutch. The whole congregation looks, and Charlie Anderson turns to see what is happening. As he sees the boy, his face lights up, and he helps him to the pew. The whole church joyously sings in unison as the film ends.