 Private detective Guy Johnson  is well paid to watch over Willie Heywood , a wealthy man who likes to drink a bit too much and gets into trouble as a result. However, when Heywood's recent ex-girlfriend Dolores Gonzalez  makes a public nuisance of herself over their relationship, a drunk Heywood goes to see her. It is a setup. Dolores is being held at gunpoint by a man, and when Heywood enters her apartment, the mystery man kills Dolores and frames Heywood for the murder. The only clue is a half of a dime incorporated into a piece of jewelry that the victim managed to snatch from her assailant. Guy hurries to the scene soon after and hides his client so he can catch the real killer, but both of them are nabbed by the police, tried, convicted and sentenced: Guy to prison for a year, Heywood to be executed. It is revealed to the audience that Heywood's new wife Vivian  and her lover, Al Mallon , are behind the whole thing. She stands to inherit Heywood's millions. In addition to her lover, the unfaithful woman also turns out to have a husband already. Her actor spouse unexpectedly arrives from Australia and starts blackmailing her. On the way to jail, Guy comes across a clue, a newspaper advertisement placed by the actor mentioning the other half of the dime and where to contact him. Guy jumps from the moving train into a river, taking along the bumbling policeman handcuffed to him, Sergeant Fred Koretz . His struggle with Koretz is witnessed by noted poetess Edwina Corday . After knocking Koretz out and freeing himself from the handcuffs, he has no choice but to kidnap her to prevent her from sounding the alarm. At first, she believes him to be a dangerous criminal, but she soon discovers he is telling the truth about his mission, and insists on sticking with him, much to his annoyance, as he has a low opinion of the intelligence of women. The trail leads to a small professional theater group run by Madame Chambers . Guy gets himself hired as an actor to better figure out who knows about the half dime. Guy brings in his associate, "Cap" Streeter , to help with the investigation, only to have Edwina mistake him for a policeman and knock him out. Meanwhile, Vivian and Mallon decide it is better to silence her husband rather than submit to his demands. However, they kill the wrong man, a last-minute substitute, during the performance of a play. Guy is captured by the police, but Edwina manages to convince them that there is written evidence implicating Guy and Cap in the first murder. When they drive to the address she gives, they catch Vivian and Mallon in the process of taking away her bound and gagged husband.