Steve Clark  is a high school senior whose family moves to Cradle Bay, a picturesque coastal town in Washington state. Steve soon befriends three outcast students, Gavin Strick , U.V. , and Rachel Wagner . Gavin tries to tell Steve that he believes there is something evil about the "Blue Ribbons"— a clique of students taking part in a "special program" led by the school psychologist, Dr. Caldicott . Steve is understandably skeptical. The following day at lunch, Gavin walks in looking like a Blue Ribbon. When Steve tries to confront Gavin, he gets punched in the stomach for his impertinence. Now Steve and Rachel must find the source of the Blue Ribbons as well as try and save the rest of the school before it's too late. They find a DVD-rom disc that Gavin hid for them in the boiler room, before his "transformation," which tells them about the club and about the history that he learned about Dr. Caldicott. During this, Steve also befriends Dorian ([[William Sadler , the school janitor, who appears to be mentally handicapped and hunts rats for the city for some exta cash. Dorian demonstrates a device called an E-Rat-icator which emits a soft, high pitched whine that is supposed to be innocuous but annoying to rats, which is an abysmal failure. Steve discovers that Dorian is actually highly intelligent, and carries classical literature pieces with him, and that he's hiding because he wishes to be left alone and does not trust society. Dorian also tells Steve that he suspects that the entire community of Cradle Bay is part of a massive conspiracy made up of nearly all of the parents, as well as the local police chief and the school principal, who hired Dr. Caldicott to "re-program" their own children to become the perfect people that they want them to be and not free thinkers. A little later, during an encounter where a Blue Ribbon assaults Rachel, the E-Rat-icator goes off, and immediately sends the student into a psychotic fit, driving him away. During their personal investigation, Steve and Rachel try to find out what has been happening to these Blue Ribbon kids, which leads them to a mental hospital called Bishop Flats following a lead on the DVD that Gavin left behind. Here, they find out that mind control is being used to make depressed, awkward and unruly teens become perfect so they can function properly in life, but the programming has some glitches that lead to momentary relapses which cause violent fits. Also at Bishop Flats, they find Caldicott's daughter, Betty , a failed project who spends her time repeating the same phrase: "Meet the musical little creatures that hide among the flowers". When Rachel and Steve return, they plan to get out of town along with Steve's little sister, Lindsay , but when they get back, Steve's parents (Terry David Mulligan and [[Susan Hogan  reveal that they are also part of the conspiracy and that they moved to Cradle Bay for the sole purpose to sign him up for Caldicott's program. Steve and Lindsay try to get out but they get ambushed by a group of Blue Ribbons waiting for them. They drag Steve and Rachel to the programming center, but Steve escapes and rescues Rachel. They try to get out of town again with Lindsay and U.V., but the Blue Ribbons and Caldicott are waiting for them on the road near the ferry out of town. When hope seems lost, Dorian the school janitor drives up, his car hooked up with multiple E-Rat-icators that scramble the mind control tech inside the Blue Ribbons' heads. They chase after Dorian and try to destroy the E-Rat-icators, but, having been fatally wounded after being shot by Caldicott, he drives his car off a cliff with several Blue Ribbons hanging onto his car. This leads to a final battle between Steve and Caldicott, which Steve wins by kicking Caldicott off the cliff. Steve and Rachel then leave town on the ferry with Lindsay and U.V. to begin a new life elsewhere. The final scene shows a classroom in an urban high school with kids playing loud music, cursing, and acting up. They are informed that they have a new teacher. The well-groomed substitute turns around, and it's Gavin, with the blue ribbon "twinkle" still active in his eye.