The Revolution Will Not Be Televised opens in 2001{{#tag:ref|This synopsis describes the 74-minute cut of the film,The Revolution Will Not Be Televised. The 52-minute television version, Chávez: Inside the Coup, begins differently but covers the same points.|group"product">McKay, Alastair . "The Revolution Will Not Be Televised, But The Coup Attempt May Be Sexed Up". Product Magazine : 10. ISSN 1468-9901. with footage of Chávez as he tours the country. Met with "popular enthusiasm", he speaks at rallies, decrying neoliberalism and the international community's attacks on his character. Chávez outlines his aspiration to be seen as a modern-day Bolívar.Stoneman , p. 30. Interviews with communities from both sides of the political divide indicate how Chávez is seen by the rich and poor.Bartley & Ó&nbsp;Briain , chapter 6. the former fear totalitarianism and are worried Chávez will institute communism. In February 2002, the media war intensifies after Chavez takes control of PDVSA.Bartley & Ó&nbsp;Briain , chapter 7. On 11&nbsp;April, opposition protesters begin their march outside PDVSA's headquarters in Caracas; Chávez's supporters gather outside the presidential palace. The protest route is changed to take it to the palace; shots ring out and civilians are killed. The private media blames Chávez's supporters, citing footage that shows them shooting at opposition protesters from a bridge.Bartley & Ó&nbsp;Briain , chapter 8. Later, the state television signal is cut; rumors circulate that the opposition has taken over the studio. He is led away, and Carmona announces on television that a transitional government will be established. Carmona is sworn in as president while images play of unrest on the streets. Defying media censorship, Chávez's supporters disseminate the story that the president did not resign.Stoneman , p. 31. while palace guards plot to retake the building. The guards take up key positions and, at a prearranged signal, take members of the new government prisoner.Bartley & Ó&nbsp;Briain , chapter 13. "Full military control" is returned to the Chávez administration and the president arrives at the palace amid celebratory scenes.Bartley & Ó&nbsp;Briain , chapter 15.