<gallery></gallery> Athalia  is a proud and beautiful princess in a troubled realm. One day, news reaches her that her father, the king, has disappeared in battle and is presumed dead. Athalia's treacherous brother Ankaris, aided by his sadistic second-in-command Hofrax, wastes no time in claiming the crown (and the [[magic  for himself, much to Athalia's protests. He has Athalia sentenced to death by hanging unless she reveals the magic spell of the scepter to him. Athalia escapes and flees to the countryside, where she encounters a group of all-female rebels. After defeating their leader in hand-to-hand combat that leaves both women covered in mud and nearly naked, Athalia gains their trust and begins building an army to overthrow her brother. She proves herself a capable leader, and more than a match for any man in battle. As the rebel army's successes grow, Ankaris and Hofrax become more alarmed. Hofrax devises a trap for Athalia, drawing her out into the open by threatening to execute innocent peasants in the castle courtyard. Athalia successfully assaults the castle, rescues the peasants, and valiantly slays many enemy soldiers. The trap, however, proves successful, as she is finally overpowered and captured by Hofrax on a rampart, where her army is unable to aid her. Having earlier been humiliated by Athalia, the revenge-minded Hofrax decides to subject her to sexual degradation and painful torture. Hofrax humiliates her by ripping her top off, exposing her ample breasts. He then tortures her on a vertical stretching rack. The topless blond heroine's gut-wrenching screams of agony echo through the dungeon as Hofrax gleefully tightens the rack. Tamis, Ankaris' daughter , enters the chamber to observe Athalia's torture. It is here that Athalia learns that Tamis enjoys torturing her subjects and has plans to become queen once Athalia is dead. In a bid to break Athalia, and to demonstrate the rack's capabilities to Tamis, Hofrax tilts the rack's table forward, suspending Athalia over a bed of spikes. He then leaves her there, hanging bare-breasted over the pointed tips, to contemplate her fate. Alone in the dungeon, Athalia manages to work her hands loose and escape from the rack , and flees to the guarded chamber where the scepter is stored. She is soon recaptured when she refuses to utter the spell necessary to work the scepter's magic power, since it will result in the king dying in the off chance he is still alive. Because she won't use the scepter's magic to save herself, Ankaris knows that she will never surrender it to him, and she is turned back over to Hofrax to do with as he pleases. When we next see Athalia, she has again been stripped and bound to the upright torture rack. It appears that she has been tortured for a very long time, as her naked body has been stretched taut and her beautiful face is contorted in agony. Hofrax, taking great pleasure in Athalia's suffering, tells her that she is being slowly tortured to death. Athalia - broken in body and spirit by the torture - reacts to Hofrax by thrusting out her bare chest and gasping that someday someone else will take her place and defeat him. Resigned to her fate, she finally slips into unconsciousness. In a subplot, one of the knights of the castle and a former lover of Athalia, has a change of heart about his allegiance to Hofrax and proves his loyalty to Athalia by rescuing her from the dungeon and bringing her back to the rebel camp. Athalia - barely alive after her excruciating ordeal on the rack - is slowly nursed back to health by the rebels. She seemingly recovers from her injuries, but tragically learns that she has been poisoned and has only a few days left to live . Unfazed in the face of certain death, she gathers her remaining strength and unites the rebels for a final battle against her evil brother's forces.