The films opens with Bharathchandran , the city police commissioner busting a smuggling gang while dealing with gold costing Rs five crores. Known for his hot tempered and aggressive nature, Bharathchandran is feared by many in political and criminal circles alike. His mentor in the department is Balachandran , the IG of police, who is also a fatherly figure for him. Indu , a young and brilliant advocate counters Bharat in a case for allegedly arresting 3 young men. After the court is dissolved, it is revealed that Indu is actually the cousin  of Bharatchandran. Due to frequent clashes between political activists of Calicut and the commissioner, Bharatchandran is then transferred to Trivandrum. In the meantime, Justice Mahendran , who is investigating the Poonthura communal riots gets killed brutally at his residence. Bharatchandran, now the City Police Commissioner of the capital, takes up the investigation duty. He is assisted by Prasad  and Ikbal ([[Vijayaraghavan , two young officers, both with same aggressiveness in nature. Justice Mahendran was supposed to present his investigation report, which had serious allegations against Rajan Felix  and Menon , two senior I.G.s of Kerala Police. The master brain behind the communal riot was Mohan Thomas , a Delhi based business tycoon, with strong political clout both at state and center. Mohan Thomas is also involved in several notorious criminal activities including smuggling of fake currency, drugs and deadly weapons. Bharathchandran, in his investigation finds out that Mohan Thomas is the culprit and also understands serious involvements of Mohan Thomas and his younger brother Sunny Thomas in underworld activities. Bharatchandran bravely arrests Sunny Thomas but it goes in vain after a massive riot in the College compound. In the attempts to reach out Mohan Thomas, Bharath arrests Srilatha Varma, a lawyer who is now also a mistress of Mohan Thomas. But she gets brutally murdered at a hotel elevator by Wilfred Vincent Baston , a Goa-based hitman and a close follower of Mohan Thomas. Bharath then arrests both Rajan Felix and Menon, who reveals several shocking information against Mohan Thomas. The police then hunts down Antony Ignatius Pemento, the right hand of Wilfred but get crucial leads to Wlfred from him. In an attempt to arrest Wilfred Vincent Baston , Ikbal gets murdered sinisterly. Bharatchandran, in retaliation kills Vincent and then Mohan Thomas in an out-house, by taking law in his own hands.