Dolly "Angel Face" Morgan is a parolee out to fleece any wealthy man who is taken in by her looks. She is recognized by two fellow con artists, Gwen and Brad. Since she needs some help, she allows them to help "pull a job," shaking down a wealthy man for $10,000 after her outraged "husband"  breaks in and finds them in a compromising situation. But when Gwen and Brad try to cheat Dolly out of her share, by claiming that their victim stopped payment on his check, no money to split, Dolly takes all of the money and makes a quick getaway. Brad, outraged, vows that she has made the worst mistake of her life. Soon after, Dolly meets a young man named Steve Crandall in Atlantic City for a cement convention. Believing that he is a wealthy plantation owner, she flirts with him. When he proposes they get married that very night, Dolly is shocked, but accepts. She is packing to leave with Steve when Brad shows up, demanding his share of the $10,000. Once again, Dolly uses her wits to make a quick getaway. Dolly and Steve take the train south to his home town. There Dolly is rudely surprised to discover that Steve is far from rich, nor does he own a plantation . He is certain his invention, Enduro cement, will make his fortune, but his new wife is not so sure. Dolly has grown fond of Steve, but tells him how disappointed she is. That evening, she boards a train for New York. The next morning, however, Steve returns to his room to find Dolly curled up in a chair. She is in love with him and has decided to reform, though she keeps her past a secret. Brad and Gwen track her down, certain she has landed yet another rich sucker. They are surprised to find her living in modest circumstances. Dolly tells them that she has fallen for a poor man, but they do not believe her. To get rid of them, she gives them the $10,000. However, Steve receives a telegram informing him that a company has bought his cement formula for $100,000. Overjoyed, he rushes home and tells Dolly, his mother, and "cousin" Brad and Gwen. Brad and Gwen blackmail Dolly into a scheme to part Steve from his new-found riches. Brad offers to put Steve and Dolly up at his suite when they have to go to New York. Just as Steve is about to sign Brad's contract, Dolly cannot take it anymore. She telephones the police, then tells Steve that the contract is nothing but a scam; she then confesses to Steve that she herself is a crook and that she only married him in order to fleece him of his fortune. Steve is devastated. The cops show up and take her away. Steve begs Dolly to eventually come back to him, but she says no, that he would be better off without her. Dolly is taken to prison. Steve, however, manages to get the warden to parole her into his custody.