Narcissistic gigolo Nikki  lives in Los Angeles, drifting from one relationship to another without a steady job or even a place to live. He preys on women who can provide for him. After meeting Samantha  at a club he moves in with her, using his looks and sexual prowess to keep her happy. Before long, however, Nikki starts cheating on Sam, first with his friend Emily , then with Christina , whom he met at another party. Emily disapproves of Nikki's free-wheeling lifestyle and has expressed a desire for a relationship, but Nikki has no real interest in her except for sex. Samantha catches Nikki with Christina, but they come to an uneasy arrangement where she will ignore his infidelity. While Sam is out of town, Nikki meets a waitress named Heather . He enlists his friend Harry  to help him get Heather interested, but she doesn't fall for his charms. Although he eventually gets a date with her, she abandons him afterwards. Soon after, Heather unexpectedly shows up in Nikki's pool and they end up having sex. However, the next morning Nikki is moving Heather's car and realizes it doesn't belong to her but to her "boyfriend," after she told him she was single; Nikki throws her out in anger. However, he can't stop thinking about her, and his obsession frustrates Samantha to the point that she gets fed up and throws him out. Nikki searches for a place to stay, but he has fallen out with Harry and cannot get into the parties he once did. He runs into Heather at a swanky hotel, and she admits that she was only interested in him for his house, believing him to be rich. It transpires that she is the same as Nikki, scamming rich men for money in the same way he does with women. She lets him move in with her and her stoner room-mate Eva  and they begin dating, though Heather continues to scam and hustle, with some reluctant assistance from Nikki. One day, an upset Heather reveals to Nikki that she just broke up with her fiancé because she's in love with him . She further tells him her fiancé's family owns the New York Rangers and that he's the one who's been paying her bills and living expenses. Nikki, who has also fallen in love with Heather, is nonetheless angry that she kept her engagement from him, and leaves the house in a huff. When he returns he only finds a note that says she has left for New York City. At Eva's urging and with Harry paying for the airfare, Nikki follows her. He finds her at a plush penthouse and begs her to come back to LA with him. She refuses, telling him she can't afford to let him chase his fantasies around while she runs down the funds they would need to live. He then proposes to her, but she tells him that she is already married, breaking his heart. Her husband  returns home and Heather passes Nikki off as a grocery boy. Nikki returns to LA, getting an honest job delivering groceries and living with Harry. He delivers groceries to Samantha's house, where they're picked up by the kept man who has replaced Nikki. The ending credits show Nikki feeding a mouse to Harry's African Bullfrog.