The Pink Panther is stuck in the middle of the hot desert and seems to be trying to head to Anaheim, suitcase in hand. Upon seeing the roadsign showing that Anaheim is 1250 miles away, he tries to hitch a ride, but the cars keep going by, then he tries to flag down a car by pulling up his pink "sock" showing his pink-and-white-striped leg, but the car runs over it, and the panther yells in pain. Across the road, a dumb looking white horse starts wildly laughing at him showing his horse teeth, his front legs perched on the fence. Suddenly the pink panther has an idea, he can ride the horse to Anaheim . Crossing over to the horse's field, he tries to pet the horse, but the horse steps on his foot, as he tries to pull his foot away from the horse, he pulls his foot out of his pink sock  and yells in pain, for this he kicks the horse's rear. The horse does not seem impressed and promptly kicks the pink panther backwards  sending the pink panther flying into the side of a wooden barn, rotating a few times on a wooden plank. This again causes the horse to laugh madly. Pink has the idea of getting onto the horse using a ladder, he leans the ladder up against the horses rear and starts to climb. The horse appears annoyed and promptly kicks the ladder up into the air. Amazingly, Pink only realises this has happened when he approaches the top of the ladder and sees to his horror that he is about 1000ft above ground. We see a birds eye view of the horse in his field by the barn getting smaller as the ladder gets higher. Pink rushes to climb down the ladder as it starts to fall again. Amazingly the ladder sticks in the ground vertically as it hits ground level, and the panther simply steps off and walks away. Pink then emerges from the barn carrying a saddle which he attempts to put on the horse who has an evil grin on his face. As Pink tries to lift the saddle onto the horse, the horse takes a few steps away. Pink sides up to him and tries again at which point the horse then tears off to the top of a hill - we see him as a silhouette on top of the hill and hear him with his manic horse-type-laugh. We next see the horse eating from a trough stood under a tree. Pink is in the tree and lowers the saddle onto the horse, he then drops himself into the saddle. For a moment, the horse looks like he wonders what on earth is going on, then he turns and sees the panther and his facial expression changes from one of confusion to one of anger. Pink kicks his legs as if to tell the horse to giddy up, the horse suddenly flies into a spin fight with Pink and emerges with the panther on all fours, saddle on his back, with the horse sat in the saddle. Pink crouches there in disbelief as the horse lets out another of his manic horse laughs. Pink attempts to get on the horse, but fails. He puts roller skates on the horse, and gets on, but the horse roars down the hill, fast, and the horse and the Pink Panther end up landing on a train track, and the train chases them, in the end, Pink ends up crashing into a "STOP" sign sending him flying into the Anaheim sign. Shortly after, we see Pink covered in bandages, the Anaheim sign "repaired" with rope, and again he is trying to hitch a ride. A van comes zooming past Pink, not stopping to offer him a ride, with the horse in the back laughing in the same hysterical manner at the poor old panther.