After the end of World War II, a former P.O.W., Canadian RCAF flyer Laurence Gerard , returns to France to discover who ordered the killing of his bride of only 20 days, a member of the French Resistance. His father-in-law Etienne Rougon identifies Vichy collaborator Marcel Jarnac. He supposedly died in 1943, but Rougon has strong doubts. Jarnac was so careful about maintaining his anonymity, there is not even a description of him on record. Gerard finds the partially burned front page of a dossier on Jarnac and an envelope addressed to Madame Jarnac in the rubble of the home of Jarnac's closest associate. The return address on the envelope indirectly allows Gerard to track the widow to Buenos Aires, Argentina. When he arrives, Gerard is met at the airport by Melchior Incza , a stranger who appears to know all too much about him. The suspicious Canadian initially rejects Incza's offer of help, but cannot turn down his invitation to a party hosted by wealthy businessman Tomas Camargo  for the opportunity to mingle with Mme Jarnac's social set. There he meets Camargo's uncle, Manuel Santana , and the widow herself . When Gerard later questions Mme Jarnac in her hotel room, she refuses to cooperate, so he starts openly following her. Santana asks him to desist, for reasons he will not divulge. Later, Gerard finds a suspicious valet, Diego , tidying up his hotel room at an odd hour. Eventually, Mme Jarnac agrees to provide him with the information he desires. A letter is delivered to him informing him that Jarnac is leaving the country that night, and the address where "Ernest Dubois"  is staying. Gerard is only stopped from shooting the wrong man in cold blood by the timely intervention of Santana and Diego. It turns out that they are after not only Jarnac, but his secret Nazi organization as well. The letter was a forgery; Mme Jarnac is an innocent woman paid to marry a man she has never seen. Gerard fools Incza into believing he has the full dossier compiled by Jarnac's associate. Incza breaks into the hotel safe, but the papers are not there. He then arranges for Gerard to be kept occupied, waiting for a phantom meeting with Camargo, while he searches his hotel room. When he is interrupted by Diego, he shoots the valet. Gerard is taken in by the police as a murder suspect, but a waiter verifies he was with Senora Camargo  at the time. Still, Gerard is given 48 hours to leave the country. When Incza tells him that Jarnac will be seeing Camargo at his old office, Gerard decides to stake out a place Mme Jarnac recalls was once their meeting place. It is a trap. Gerard is captured, and Jarnac  finally makes his appearance. Incza confirms he works for Jarnac, but is killed for talking too much. Gerard is to die as well, with Camargo as a witness that the two men killed each other. Camargo objects to becoming involved, but Jarnac threatens him with a paper in his possession. Gerard seizes the distraction to overpower Jarnac. He punches Jarnac repeatedly, and is only stopped by the arrival of Santana and Dubois. To their disappointment, Jarnac is dead, but Gerard shows them the paper detailing Jarnac's connection to Camargo; Santana states there appears to be enough there to expose the entire organization.