On May 18, 1978, Texas Sheriff John Quincey Wydell ([[William Forsythe , and a large posse of State Troopers issue an S and D mission on the Firefly family for over seventy-five homicides and disappearances over the past several years. The next morning, dozens of police cars arrive at the Firefly farm, and Tiny  notices them while dragging a body into the woods. Sheriff Wydell announces to the Firefly family that they will surrender outside or face execution. The Family arms themselves and return fire to the officers. Rufus  is killed, and Gloria Firefly  is taken into custody, failing to commit suicide  while Otis  and Baby  escape. Once off of their property, Baby pretends to be hurt in the middle of the road. When a nurse who happens to be driving by pulls over, Otis comes from behind and kills her with a knife. The two escape in her car and drive towards their specified meeting spot. They head to Kahiki Palms motel, a run-down windblown place to seek refuge from the law and media coverage. While at the motel Baby seduces Roy, part of the Banjo and Sullivan singing group. While he is off-guard due to Baby’s sexual innuendos, Otis sneaks up behind him, holds him at gun-point and demands he take them back to his room where the rest of the band is resting minus their roadie, who is at the gas station getting beef jerky. Otis and Baby takes the band hostage in the hotel room and Otis shoots Jimmy the roadie when he returns. Meanwhile, Baby's father Captain Spaulding, after being alerted by Baby about the raid, hits the road to come to the hotel to meet Baby and Otis. His car runs out of gas and Spaulding assaults a woman and scares her son, taking their car in the process. Back at the hotel, Otis sexually assaults Roy's wife Gloria and Otis demands Adam and Roy to come with him on an errand. Otis drives his two prisoners to a place where he buried some guns. While walking to the location, the two prisoners put up a struggle and hit Otis in the head with a large tree branch, knocking him down. Otis regains control of the situation, shooting Roy while he is on the ground praying to God, and then cutting Banjo's face off. Back at the motel, Adam's wife Wendy tries to escape by going to the bathroom. Gloria attempts to rebel only to be killed by Baby. Wendy runs out of the motel only to be caught by Captain Spaulding who knocks her out. Otis returns, and all three leave the motel together in the band's van. The last member of the band is accidentally killed when she runs out to the highway to seek help. She could not see well, because she is wearing Banjo's face as a mask that Otis kept as a souvenir and a truck runs over her. The motel maid comes to clean the room, opening the door of the bathroom to see a grisly murder scene. “The Devil’s Rejects” is written on the wall in blood. Wydell calls a pair of amoral bounty hounters - the "Unholy Two", Rondo  and Billy Ray - to help him find the Fireflys, by making them search for the Fireflys' associates. They search, and find that there is another associate, Spaulding's African American friend, Charlie Altamont . Meanwhile, Wydell calls a movie critic to find out about the names of the Firefly family, later discovering that they are all characters from Groucho Marx's movies. He slowly begins to lose his sanity and his mind when Mother Firefly reveals that she murdered his brother. After having a dream in which his brother urges him to avenge him, Wydell pretends to seduce her, and stabs Mother Firefly to death. The surviving Fireflies gather at a brothel owned by Charlie, where he offers them shelter from the police. They throw a party and they all celebrate over their freedom. After leaving the brothel to purchase some chickens, Charlie is threatened at gunpoint by Wydell to give up the Fireflies, all of them at his house at midnight. With the help of a pair "Unholy Two", the sheriff takes the family back to the Firefly house where he delights in torturing them with similar methods they had used on their own victims. He nails Otis' hands to his chair and staples crime scene photographs to Otis's and Baby's stomach, beats, and shocks Captain Spaulding and Otis with a cattle-prod, and taunts Baby about the death of her mother, speaking about her death. Wydell lights the house on fire and leaves Otis and Spaulding to burn while taking Baby outside to murder her. Charlie returns, changing his mind, to save the Firefly family, but is brutally axed by Wydell. It is only the last minute intervention of Tiny that saves the Firefly family; Tiny returns and snaps Wydell's neck. The family shares a brief tearful reunion as Tiny walks into the blazing house. Otis, Baby, and Spaulding escape in Charlie's Cadillac, leaving Tiny behind. The film ends with the trio driving down the road, badly injured but alive, with Otis driving, and Spaulding and Baby sleeping, trying to flee the country, only to run into the middle of a police barricade, with no sound heard except Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Free Bird." As the song climaxes, Otis wakes up Baby and Spaulding, they grab their guns, Baby and Otis their revolvers, while Spaulding takes his rifle. They go forward in a final blaze of glory, refusing to surrender, and being shot to death by the police. In the scenes, it is shown the videos of Spaulding, Baby and Otis together as a family. The order of the deaths, as shown in freeze-frames, is Baby, then Otis, then Spaulding. The scene then blacks out.