Sagar Alias Jacky  is a gangster who is known for solving problems among big gangs. The Chief Minister's son-in-law, Manu is kidnapped and the police are unable to find a clue. Manu's wife Indu realises that the police have been influenced by her brother Hari who seems to know the kidnappers. Indu decides to call her best friend Sagar to help find her husband. Sagar calls his best henchmen from all over Kerala for the job. The gang then travels to Goa where Sagar's contact tells him that the kidnappers are the Rosario brothers who run the most powerful gang in the Goa underworld. After considerable difficulties, Sagar and his gang locate the night club where Manu is held hostage and helps him to escape. This audacity does not sit well with the Rosarios who swear vengeance against Sagar. They kidnap one of Sagar's favourite gangsters and demand ransom. Sagar responds by kidnapping two of the three Rosario brothers and demands that his man be released at once. Realising that they would never be able to defeat Sagar in a heads-on battle, the Rosario brothers make a deal with Manu and Hari to deliver Sagar's current location. The Rosarios then try to assassinate Sagar but fail. Frustrated with repeated defeats, the Rosarios then approach Sagar's rival, Nanthakrishna Naina([[Suman . Naina supplies them with a sniper, Sheikh Imran, who is also an internationally infamous assassin. Imran is asked to assassinate Manu so that the Sagar can be framed for the murder. But the Rosarios' plan backfires as Indu gives witness that Sagar was not responsible for her husband's murder. Imran is then asked to assassinate Sagar. He manages to kill Sagar's bodyguard but Sagar himself escapes. Sagar then hunts him down and kills him. The Rosarios then kidnap Sagar's love interest Arati, a news reporter. Sagar is asked to come to a place to work out a deal. When he reaches there, he finds Arati dead. Enraged, Sagar goes to the Rosarios' club and goes on a killing spree. Then he goes to Dubai where Naina is hiding on a yacht. With the help of some gangsters he plants explosives on the yacht and blows it up. The film ends when Sagar informs Indu that her husband has been avenged.