{{plot}} The film is told through the perspective of Scott "Scotty" Smalls , who is reminiscing about the summer of 1962. Smalls moves with his mother  and stepfather Bill  to a new neighborhood outside Los Angeles. One afternoon, he decides to follow a group of neighborhood boys, and he watches them play a game at a small field, which they call the "Sandlot." Smalls is reluctant to join their game because he fears he will be ridiculed based on his inexperience. Nevertheless, he chooses to play with them, but fails to catch a simple fly ball and properly throw the ball back to his infielders. All the other players, except for Benny Rodriguez , begin to laugh at Smalls for committing defensive miscues, prompting him to leave the sandlot in embarrassment. Benny, who is the best player in the neighborhood, shields Smalls from the insults of his peers and invites him to rejoin their game. He proceeds to give Smalls advice and helps him earn the respect of the other players. As Smalls continues to play with them, he begins to learn many of the customs of the sandlot, while experiencing many misadventures with his new friends. He learns that players avoid hitting home runs over the sandlot's fences, as the property beyond them is guarded by a massive and ferocious dog, a 300-pound English mastiff called "The Beast." The team has several misadventures, including a trip to the pool, where Squints, who can't swim, deliberately jumps off at the deep end, to get his lifeguard crush Wendy Peffercorn to rescue him, and he kisses her during mouth to mouth, which although it results in a permanent ban from the pool, it cements Squints and Wendy's relationship. Later, the team plays a night game on the Fourth of July, although everyone except Benny is more interested in watching the fireworks than playing. Then the team accepts a challenge from a snooty rival team, whom the Sandlot kids easily defeat. Later, they experiment with chewing tobacco at a carnival, then proceed to enjoy a fast ride until they all end up puking on everyone surrounding the ride. One day, the leather ruptures, causing the ball's entrails to come out. While the others are impressed about this, Benny feels guilty because the group does not have 98 cents to buy another baseball, and is forced to retire for the afternoon. However, Smalls runs to Bill's trophy room, and steals his stepfather's autographed ball, while his stepfather is away on a business trip, in hopes to preserve the game. The team is impressed with Smalls’ gesture, and allows him to have the first at bat with the ball. He proceeds to hit the ball out of the sandlot, but is shortly enveloped by fear once he realizes that he has lost Bill's ball. The situation is further worsened when Smalls realizes that the ball was autographed by Babe Ruth, and is almost irreplaceable, and the team rebukes him for his stupidity for playing with such a valuable ball. They quickly scrap up change to buy a new ball and forge Babe Ruth's signature on it to cover for the missing ball until they can think of something. Thinking that The Beast's owner will not give them the ball back, Smalls and his friends begin engineering elaborate plans to recover the ball from The Beast. After five failed rescue attempts, including, a stick, a pot on a metal rod, a vacuum cleaner, Yeah-yeah on a pulley, and a catapult composed of an Erector set, Smalls prepares to accept his fate. Around the same time, Benny has an enlightening dream, where he is visited by Babe Ruth, who encourages him to run into the Beast's domain, and use his speed to recover the ball and escape. Ruth leaves Benny with the words, "Heroes get remembered, but legends never die." Benny rallies his friends the following morning at the sandlot, and prepares to recover Smalls’ baseball. Using his PF Flyers , he steals the ball from the Beast, and successfully manages to elude the dog as it chases him through town. And the sandlot gang follow him. The Beast chases Benny through an alley, a movie theater, a carnival, and back to the sandlot. Benny starts to slow down and the beast starts to catch up to him. Benny returns to Mr.Mertle's home and hops the fence. The race ends with the fence collapsing on the Beast. Smalls feels responsible for the ordeal, and helps The Beast escape the rubble. After being rescued, The Beast, whose real name is Hercules, becomes much more friendly and affectionate towards the boys, even showing them where he had buried all the baseballs that had gone into the yard over the years. Benny and Smalls then decide to tell the dog's owner, Mr. Mertle , about the ordeal, and reveals he would have given them the ball back if they had just asked him. The rest of the boys are upset at Squints for making up the story of Mertle being 'the meanest old man that ever lived' and blame him for it. Benny and Smalls eventually learn that Mr. Mertle was a professional baseball player in the Negro League and was a friend of Babe Ruth himself. Mr. Mertle, whose career ended after a hit by a stray pitch blinded him, agrees to give Smalls a ball signed by Murderers' Row&nbsp;– several of the best Yankee hitters in the late 1920s . In exchange, the boys are to visit Mr. Mertle once a week to talk baseball with him. Smalls proceeds to give his stepfather the ball that Mr. Mertle gave him. While Bill is pleased with the Murderers' Row ball, he is still upset about the Babe Ruth ball, but he only grounds Smalls for a week. Smalls goes on to explain what became of all his friends. Yeah Yeah's parents sent him off to military school, after the army he became one of the pioneer developers of bungie jumping . Ham became a professional wrestler called "The Great Hambino". Timmy and Tommy became architects and invented mini malls. Squints married Wendy Peffercorn, had nine kids, and bought Vincent's Drug Store. Bertrum got "really into the sixties", and no one ever saw him again. DeNunez played Triple A ball, now owns a business, and coaches a little league team that his sons play on, called "The Heaters", which is name after a trademark pitch of his. And Hercules lived to be 199 years old in dog years. The film then jumps 30 years into the future, where Smalls is a radio sports commentator for the Los Angeles Dodgers  and owns the fake Babe Ruth ball, the chewed up real one, and the Murderer's Row ball, given to him by his friends, Mr. Mertle, and his stepdad. Benny "The Jet" Rodriguez is one of the team's star players, wearing #3. While he is in the twilight of his career, Benny manages to steal home in the movie's final moments, then flashes a thumbs-up to Smalls in the press box. With the game over, Smalls then stares at a group photo on his wall of him and his friends back in 1962.