As part of an exchange program, two French students, Babette and Jacques, are spending two weeks at Charlie Brown's school, while Charlie Brown, Linus van Pelt, Peppermint Patty, and Marcie go to France. At the airport, the kids, Snoopy, and Woodstock are seen off by their friends. Lucy van Pelt, who was not invited, tells Charlie Brown not to come back. During the flight, Charlie Brown produces a letter he received that was written in French. Marcie, who had been studying French, translates and says it is an invitation from a young girl named Violette Honfleur to stay at the Chateau du Mal Voisin . Peppermint Patty asks who Violette could be, but Charlie Brown has no idea. The group first arrives in London and goes on a sightseeing tour downtown, while Snoopy and Woodstock play some tennis at Wimbledon. When Snoopy finds himself losing, he lashes out and gets thrown out from the court. Snoopy and Woodstock head to Victoria railway station and rejoin the rest of the group. They eventually travel to France and drive to the farmhouse where Peppermint Patty and Marcie will be staying with Pierre. While Marcie seems to adjust quite well, Peppermint Patty experiences significant culture shock. When Charlie Brown and Linus finally arrive at the Chateau, a thunderstorm forces them to spend the night in an empty stable. That night, Snoopy  and Woodstock head down to the local pub to drink a few pints of root beer. The next morning, Charlie Brown and Linus find that breakfast and warm blankets have been provided by an unknown benefactor. When the gang meet each other at school, Charlie Brown produces the letter from Violette, whom Pierre says that Violette is the niece of the Baron who owns the Chateau. Pierre says the Baron is a vile recluse who hates everyone, especially foreigners. That night, the Baron leaves the Chateau to go to the pub and instructs Violette not to let Charlie Brown and Linus in. Meanwhile, Charlie Brown and Linus agree to take turns standing watch to identify their mysterious benefactor. During Charlie Brown's watch, Linus wakes up to see him asleep. Linus sees that the blankets have been fixed and new food has been put out and goes to investigate, entering the Chateau and eventually finding Violette, who says that her invitation was a mistake. Violette explains that her grandmother had told her the story of a wartime love affair that she had with Silas Brown, Charlie Brown's grandfather, who was an infantryman stationed in France during World War I, and stayed at the Chateau. When Silas received his marching orders, he promised to write letters which eventually stopped coming. Violette's grandmother moved on, though she never forgot him. Meanwhile, Snoopy and Woodstock are at the pub playing foosball and overhears the Baron confide in the bartender that knows about Charlie Brown and Linus and has tolerated them long enough. The Baron returns home to Violette's surprise, and in her rush to get Linus out of the room, Violette accidentally knocks down a candle which causes a fire throughout the Chateau. Linus takes Violette towards a pair of casement windows, throws them open and shouts Charlie Brown for help. Charlie Brown wakes up and runs to the pub to call Snoopy and Woodstock. Snoopy and Woodstock rush off to the Chateau and Charlie Brown continues running to the farmhouse to call Peppermint Patty, Marcie, and Pierre. Pierre calls the Fire Department, while Peppermint Patty and Marcie follow Charlie Brown towards the flamed Chateau. When Snoopy and Woodstock arrive at the Chateau, it is engulfed in flames. Snoopy immediately heads to a shed and brings out an old fashioned fire hose, while Linus throws his blanket down to Charlie Brown, Peppermint Patty, Marcie, and Pierre which they use to catch Violette when she jumps out from the window. Snoopy moves a barrel of water under Linus who also jumps to safety, and later barks out instructions to work the hose, but the intense water pressure spins him around, splashing Charlie Brown. Woodstock pops out of the hose with a violin and begins playing along to the dramatic scene. While Snoopy is working with the hose, a fire truck with three shadowed fire fighters arrives and the fire is finally extinguished. The Baron, who is thankful that the group eventually save Linus, Violette, and the Chateau, promises that he will never be so inhospitable again. Charlie Brown learns the full truth behind the mysterious letter he received: many years ago, an American friend of Violette's family stopped in a small French village to have his hair cut, and the barber was Charlie Brown's father. Violette finds out about Charlie Brown and wrote the letter inviting him to stay. As the group prepares to leave the Chateau to return to America, Violette gives Silas' satchel to Charlie Brown. The film ends when the group says their goodbyes and gets into their beat-up rental car.