Two young Punjabi-British men visit their homeland, Punjab: Roop Singh , comes to see his grandfather, Gurdit Singh  and Roop's touristy pal DJ  comes to see how Punjab is like. Roop meets Reet Brar , a university classmate of his cousin Deepi's, and falls for her, and DJ falls for brainy, Kulwant Kaur , another classmate. DJ, trying to videotape locals in the town square, and learn more about his homeland, has to avoid a cranky old woman, Atro, who drives a tractor. Roop agrees to let his aunt be his matchmaker and set up an arranged marriage for himself and Reet, but the modern-thinking Reet wants no part of what she considers outmoded provincialism. Her father  angrily sets up an arranged marriage for her with Jagjot Gill . Reet, however, reconsiders and realizes she loves Roop after all, and Kulwant falls for DJ too. Reet tells Jagjot, that she loves Roop a lot, so to help the lovers Jagjot says hes not ready to get married. After this incident no boy will marry Reet so, Reet's father and her ne'er-do-well brother, Jaile , devise a plan to figure out if he Roop really loves Reet: Her father will give his consent if Roop can find a British bride for Jaile, which will prove that Roop is ready to do anything for Reet. DJ calls in an old girlfriend from UK, party girl, Candy , who flies in to help, they plan a scheme which will scare Jaile away. Candy acts like a traditional, Punjabi girl, and wins Jaile's heart, so they fix, Roop and Reet's and Jaile and Candy's engagement for the same day. Candy tells Kulwant that DJ was in many relationships with many different girls, since she still loves DJ, after hearing that Kulwant is heart-broken, and leaves DJ. Then the day before the engagement Candy reveals how modern girls really are, by bringing him to a pub. On the engagement day Jaile runs away, Candy tells DJ, that if he doesn't sit in Jaile's spot, she will reveal the truth, so to help out his friend, DJ and Candy get engaged and so do Roop and Reet.  At Overseeing all the rom-com complications is Khoji (comedian Rana Ranbir, who wrote the film's dialog, with story supplied by the film's director-cinematographer, [[Manmohan Singh , the house manager for the well-to-do grandfather's estate and staff.