A man driving down a hillside road suddenly realizes that his car's brakes do not work. Traveling at a high speed, the car crashes into a toll booth. The man dies but leaves a mysterious dying message: "Tanabata kyo.” A mysterious Mahjong tile next to the body links this case to six others in Tokyo, Kanagawa, Shizuoka, Nagano and other places in Japan. Because of the Mahjong tiles left beside each victim, the police conclude that the same person or organization committed these murders. The police of prefectures across Japan unite to find the murderer. After a police conference about this case, Conan discovers a police officer walking out of the building and entering a black Porsche 356A owned by Gin. He concludes that a Black Organization member is disguised as a police officer and has infiltrated the meeting. On the day of Tanabata, Conan corners Vermouth in the underground parking lot of a shopping mall and interrogates her. She says that the Black Organization needs a memory chip, which was taken by the murderer, and a new member, "Irish." Conan employs the help of Heiji Hattori and tries to solve the serial murder case by following the dying message lead. He and Heiji find out that two years ago, there was a fire accident in a hotel in Kyoto, and a young woman named Nanako Honjou died. The elevator could only hold seven, but eight people needed to escape. Nanako was not on the last elevator and could not escape. Conan tracks down her neighbor, Shun Sawamura, and asks him some questions. Conan finds out that Nanako and her boyfriend, Kousuke Mizutani, often went stargazing together. Conan realizes that the crime scenes are ordered like the star constellation Ursa Major, making the last crime scene Shiba Park. The police also figure out the pattern of the crime scenes and leave for Tokyo Tower. On the way, Officer Satou and Takagi make a detour to Beika Woods after receiving a call from Professor Agasa. The Detective Boys find Matsumoto inside a small house in the woods. Conan confronts Mizutani, who is about to commit suicide in Nanako's memory and to avoid being arrested by the police. Mizutani thought one of the seven must have pushed Nanako out, but Nanako's brother, Kazuki Honjou, shows up and testifies that he had overheard a conversation from two of the victims saying that Nanako voluntarily stepped out. Conan reveals that the real murderer is Kazuki and not Mizutani because Mizutani would never commit murder to stain the memory of Nanako. Kazuki tricked Mizutani to create a scapegoat. Conan tells Mizutani that all of the victims appreciated Nanako's sacrifice and sent flowers to her memorial and that Kazuki lied to manipulate Mizutani into avenging Nanako but did it himself after realizing that Mizutani would not. Mizutani realizes that Nanako would not have wanted him to commit suicide and returns the victim's belongings to Kazuki, who would have used the evidence to convict Mizutani. Kazuki threatens Conan and Mizutani with a knife. Matsumoto appears and shoots the knife out of Kazuki's hands. Conan realizes that Matsumoto is Irish in disguise. Irish claims that he does not want to kill Conan. He says he discovered Conan's true identity, having matched his and Shinichi's fingerprints, and wants to turn him in to the "boss" alive. Thus, the "boss" would know of Gin's mistake and punish Gin, satisfying Irish's revenge against him for killing his friend Pisco. Conan wants the memory chip, but Irish refuses to hand it over. Soon Ran arrives at Tokyo Tower and finds Irish, who is still disguised as Matsumoto. She uses karate, but a kick to his face tears off part of his mask, surprising her. Taking advantage of her surprise, Irish overpowers Ran. Irish and Conan move outside near the top, and a helicopter with Gin, Vodka, Korn, and Chianti arrives. Irish shows them the chip, and Gin orders Chianti to shoot Irish and the chip. The bullet seriously injured Irish. Conan tries to drag him to safety, but Gin notices Conan and tries to shoot him. Irish protects Conan and dies. The Black Organization attacks Conan with a machine gun, damaging the Tokyo Tower. Cornered, Conan escapes by using his expanding suspenders to sling a skylight at the helicopter, damaging the engine. The Black Organization manages to fly away, but the helicopter crashes soon after.