{{Plot}} After dealing to Porky the "fatal" blow that was coming to him, the gang from Angel Beach is ready for a new challenge: The High School Drama Club is producing a Shakespeare Festival in which the gang is participating. Unfortunately, a religious leader named Reverend Bubba Flavel wants to halt the production because he and his group, "The Righteous Flock," maintain that Shakespeare is indecent and profane. As part of their effort to keep their school-based Shakespeare production on track, the gang from Angel Beach seeks out the help of Seward County Commissioner Gebhardt, who initially promises the gang from Angel Beach that he will pull some strings to keep the Angel Beach High Shakespeare Festival running. However, after the county commissioners, who all will shortly be standing for re-election, vote unanimously to shut down the Shakespeare Festival, the gang quickly learns that Commissioner Gebhardt has reneged on his promises to the Angel Beach gang because he feared that allowing the Shakespeare Festival to proceed would harm his re-election chances. The local Ku Klux Klan chapter joins the movement to shut down the Shakespeare festival because its members object to a Native American  playing Romeo opposite a white girl Juliet . Reverend Flavel, who has previously exposed his bigoted nature, welcomes Klan's support of his movement. The Angel Beach gang then begins plotting their retaliation and revenge against Reverend Flavel, Commissioner Gebhardt, the rest of the county commissioners, and the Klan. The teens discover that the county commissioners of Seward County, who are publicly riding the political wave of decency and morality, enjoy secretly watching porno movies in the basement of the courthouse. So, the Angel Beach gang takes a tape recorder with a microphone to the basement of the courthouse while the county commissioners are watching porno movies, aim the microphone at the ventilator window, and record the politicos' loud and crude commentary on the events in the porno films, including their irreverent mocking of Reverend Flavel. After his success in shutting down the Angel Beach High Shakespeare Festival, Reverend Flavel convenes an outdoor revival meeting at Angel Beach High to commemorate his success, and the county commissioners attend and stand on stage with Reverend Flavel. In retaliation for an attack and attempt by the Klan members to shave the head of the group's Seminole friend, the gang lures the Klan members  into the school gym where the gang along with a gym-full of Seminole Indians "persuade" the Klan members to submit to having their heads shaved. The Angel Beach gang and the Seminole Indians then make the Klan members strip naked and march over to Reverend Flavel's revival meeting where they force the hapless and humiliated Klan members into the revival meeting. The sight of naked men shocks the crowd, and in his typical opportunistic fashion, Reverend Flavel decries the naked Klan members as being "The Spawn of Satan." During Reverend Flavel's prognostications, the gang commandeers the public address system and plays the recording of the county commissioners' raucous commentary on the porno movie that they watched in the basement of the courthouse only days before. A comment on the recording about Reverend Flavel having donated the porno film that the county commissioners were watching ends up being Reverend Flavel's undoing as he and the county commissioners stand before the crowd completely discredited, disgraced, and exposed as selfish hypocrites. Meanwhile, Wendy accepts an out-of-town dinner date in Miami with Commissioner Gebhardt, who intends to seduce her. However, rather than showing up in her normal modest clothing, Wendy shows up at the formal restaurant wearing a deliberately showy, vulgar outfit with her breasts artificially padded with a container to an enormous size. She speaks in an extremely loud voice, constantly blurting out Gebhardt's name and status as a county commissioner of Seward County who will shortly be standing for re-election and alleging that she and Gebhardt became involved while she was a Brownie in Gebhardt wife's girl scout troop and that she is now pregnant with his child. With the help of liquified corn-and-pea soup concealed in the container that padded her bust, Wendy pretends to throw up in one of the restaurant's decorative fountains to the horror of the maitre 'd and the disgust of the restaurant's upscale patrons. Pee-Wee snaps a picture of the disgraced Commissioner Gebhardt before he, Wendy and Steve depart in a blaze of glory back to the revival meeting at Angel Beach High to join the triumphant celebration of the defeat of the persons responsible for the cancellation of their Shakespeare Festival, which is promptly reinstated. The film contains a sub-plot focusing on the gym teacher who everyone loves to hate, Beulah Balbricker. Balbricker allies herself with Reverend Flavel and his efforts to shut down the Shakespeare Festival, and it is insinuated that she has romantic feelings towards Reverend Flavel. Tommy Turner is still seeking revenge against Balbricker for sentencing him to run laps and suspending him from several basketball games for poking her with an oversized condom in the previous movie. Upon observing that Balbricker goes to the bathroom and uses the same toilet at precisely the same time every day, Tommy, with the assistance of Billy and Tim, locate the pipes under the school for the particular toilet and force up a non-poisonous rat snake up the pipe. When the snake comes up from her toilet, Balbricker screams in terror, busts out the door, and waddles out of the bathroom to the gym with her pants still around her feet, still screaming in terror. Tommy arrives just in time to pick up the rat snake off the gym floor and to offer to Coach Brackett to release the snake outside. Suspecting that Tommy was responsible but having no proof, Balbricker screams his name at the top of her lungs.  Reverend Flavel and Balbricker split publicly when she objects to the Klan's participation in the forthcoming revival meeting. Another sub-plot in the firm focuses on Pee Wee's attempt to exact revenge for the Tommy and Billy's "Cherry Forever" practical joke in the first movie in which Pee Wee was abandoned in the Everglades running naked along a deserted road only to be "pulled over" by Officer Jarvis and his partner during an otherwise lonely and uneventful patrol. After recanting his pleas of having been a virgin the night before, which led to him losing his virginity to Wendy Williams in the back of a school bus following the destruction of Porky's honky tonk, and boasting of his non-existent conquests, Pee Wee's friends sucker him into setting them up with a member of his harem of women. Unfortunately, his efforts to locate the loosest girl in the school yield only one name: Wendy Williams, much to Pee Wee's consternation. After approaching a girl who had been rumored to have "gang banged" the entire football team only for her to humiliate and rebuke him publically, Brian and Wendy come to Pee Wee's aid and help him hire a stripper from the local carnival to play the part of "Graveyard Gloria." According to the plan, Pee Wee and the stripper are to lure the guys to a graveyard with the promise of a "gang bang" where Steve, who is made up to look like a zombie, will crawl out of the ground and scare the guys. Unfortunately for Pee Wee, the guys followed him to the carnival where they not only learned about Pee Wee's plan, they also paid the stripper to double-cross Pee Wee and feign death in the graveyard while trying to seduce him. Steve, who is extremely drunk, tries to crawl out of his hole before his cue, which leads the guys to castigate Pee Wee for trying to pull a practical joke on them after a woman has died. The guys and the stripper pile into Pee Wee's car and start to drive off while leaving the naked Pee Wee in the graveyard. Two armed men appear in the woods and accuse Pee Wee of being a grave robber . One of the armed men blasts his shotgun towards Pee Wee, which scares him into running naked down the same road as he did after the "Cherry Forever" gag where he is spotted again by Officer Jarvis and his partner. Instead of picking up Pee Wee, the two officers are cornered by the extremely intoxicated Steve who tries in vain to scare them before he passing out on the hood of their squad car.