Mike Reilly  is an NYPD detective who is called to the scene of a mysterious death in the subway system. The victim, Polidori , exhibits bleeding from his eyes and other orifices and, by the frozen look on his face, appears to have been scared to death. Department of Health researcher Terry Huston  is intrigued by the find as well, particularly when several more victims show up with identical symptoms. When a contagious virus is ruled out, the two team up to discover what might be killing these people. After some digging for clues, they send the victims' computer hard drives to forensic specialist Denise Stone . Denise discovers that they had visited a website called Feardotcom which depicts voyeuristic torture murder. Upon looking at the site herself, Denise is subjected to various sights and sounds of torture that eventually drive her crazy and result in her falling to her death from her apartment window. Mike feels guilty, thinking that he should have never gotten Denise involved in the case. Terry figures out that people who visit the website die within 48 hours, apparently from what they feared most in their lives. Despite such dangerous knowledge, both she and Mike visit the site in order to figure out what is happening. As they begin to experience paranoia and hallucinations , including that of a young girl and her inflatable ball, they race against time to figure out if any of it has any connection to an extremely vicious serial killer, Alistair "The Doctor" Pratt , who's been eluding Mike for years. It is revealed that Feardotcom is, in fact, a ghost site made by one of Pratt's first victims, who is seeking revenge because people watched her being tortured and murdered. She was tortured by Pratt for 48 hours before she begged him to kill her, which explains why the victims have 48 hours to live. Mike and Terry track down Pratt and release the spirit of the murdered girl from the website, which kills Pratt. However, Mike is also killed. The ending scene shows Terry lying in her bed with her cat, staring at the ceiling.