The story takes place in a small Sri Lankan village Kurulu Bedda. The Bandara family are members of the wealthy elite. Bandara Mahatthaya is the young heir of the family name and Bandara Menike is his mother. Siyadoris is a village man who works for the Bandara family. He has a pretty daughter named Ranmenike. Another member of the village is Kaithan Baas, a crafty marriage broker who advises Bandara Menike. Bandara Mahatthaya has given up his medical education to take up his family properties when his father dies. He becomes attracted to Ranmenike after spotting her taking a bath while walking with a friend from medical school. He takes a photo of her and is seen by Kaithan Baas, who scolds this behavior to his mother. Kaithan is brought before the rural court soon after on a fowl theft charge. Siyadoris testifies against him but Kaithan uses his cunning ways to escape conviction. From that day on he swears to get his revenge against Siyadoris' family. The medical student friend of Bandara Mahatthaya finishes his education and comes to the village as a doctor. On his arrival, he oversees Health Week celebration which includes a beauty contest. Ranmenike enters and wins much to the ire of Kaithan. During a thovil ceremony, Kaithan sets fire to Siyadoris' house and is finally imprisoned. The doctor and Bandara Mahatthaya help out Siyadoris with money to build a new house. The doctor is transferred to a different district soon after. At that time, Bandara Menike forces Siyadoris into conducting his daughter's marriage to a man from a distant village. Bandara Mahatthaya is saddened but doesn't do anything to interfere. He presents Ranmenike with a gift on the wedding day which brings tears to her eyes. She then leaves for her husband's village. Time passes and Bandara Mahatthaya remains a bachelor extending all his strength into helping the city. Ranmenike becomes ill after her husband is killed in an accident and is admitted to the doctor friend's hospital which as fate has it is in her husband's district. Bandara Mahatthaya comes to the hospital and shares his feelings. They exchange words, Ranmenike entrusts him with his wedding gift to be given to her daughter and she dies during the birth. Bandara Mahatthaya leaves with the child. The village then weeps for Ranmenike's goodness.  *Punya Heendeniya &ndash; Ranmenike *D. R. Nanayakkara &ndash; Kaithan Baas