Art professor and mountaineer Dr. Jonathan Hemlock  is a retired government assassin called on to return to work for two more "sanctions", a euphemism for officially approved killings. During his career with a secret government agency called "C2", Hemlock amassed a private collection of 21 rare masterpiece paintings, paid for from his previous sanctions. The director of C2, Mr. Dragon , is an albino ex-Nazi confined to semi-darkness and kept alive by blood transfusions. Dragon wants Hemlock to kill two men responsible for the death of another government agent, codename Wormwood. Insisting he is retired, Hemlock refuses until Dragon threatens to expose Hemlock's art collection to the IRS. Hemlock agrees, and he travels to Zurich and carries out the first sanction for $20,000, twice his usual fee, and a letter guaranteeing no trouble from the IRS. Returning from Europe, Hemlock meets C2 courier Jemima Brown , who seduces him and steals his money and IRS exemption letter. Dragon agrees to return them if Hemlock completes another assassination. Hemlock is reluctant, but agrees when he learns that the C2 agent killed, Wormwood, was in fact an old friend of his named Henri Baq . He demands $100,000 plus expenses. He is told the target is a member of an international mountain climbing team which in the summer will ascend the north face of the Eiger in Switzerland. Hemlock will be the American member of the team, and must kill one of the climbers—C2 is unsure of the target's identity, and Hemlock is only told that the man walks with a limp. Hemlock travels to Arizona to train at a climbing school run by a friend, Ben Bowman , who whips him back into shape with the help of an attractive Native American woman called George . Hemlock also encounters an enemy, Miles Mellough , a former ally from the military who betrayed him in Southeast Asia. He tries to kill Hemlock by hiring George to drug him, but Hemlock survives. Later he lures him and his bodyguard into the desert, where he shoots the bodyguard and leaves Mellough to die in the sun. Hemlock travels to Switzerland with Bowman, the "ground man" or supervisor of the climb, and meets the other members of the climbing party at the Hotel Bellevue des Alpes at Kleine Scheidegg. After a brief conflict within the climbing team, mainly due to the headstrong German member, Karl Freytag , the men begin their ascent of the Eiger North Face in poor weather conditions. The French climber is struck by falling rocks and dies. With Hemlock now leading, the surviving members retreat towards a tunnel window that connects to a railroad station inside the mountain, carrying the dead climber between them. At the last moment, Freytag and the Austrian Anderl Meyer  fall to their deaths when their anchors come loose. Hemlock is saved, dangling alone a few meters from the tunnel window. Bowman and a rescue crew make their way through the Eiger to the tunnel window, where they attempt to throw a rope to Hemlock. Hemlock notices Bowman is limping, a sign that identifies him as Hemlock's target. Hemlock says, "You're limping, Ben," reluctant to trust that Bowman will rescue him. Bowman throws him the rope, and Hemlock attaches it, then reluctantly cuts his own rope. He falls onto Bowman's rope, and is pulled into the tunnel to safety. On the train back to Kleine Scheidegg, Bowman admits he became involved with "the other side" years earlier and had no idea there would be a killing. Bowman admits he had become involved with Miles Mellough because he owed a debt to him, that he had gotten his daughter George off drugs. Back at Kleine Scheidegg, Hemlock is approached by Bowman, who looks to mend his relationship with the assassin—wondering if he still counts Bowman among his "friends". After Hemlock is rejoined by Jemima Brown, he takes a phone call from Dragon who assumes Hemlock killed all three of the other climbers intentionally, to ensure he killed the target. Jemima wonders if Dragon is correct.