Ashtray , Tray for short, is sent to the inner city to live with his father. Tray gets an education about life on the streets from his psychotic, gun-toting cousin Loc Dog , self-hater Preach ([[Chris Spencer , and the cripple Crazy Legs . At a picnic Tray falls for the infamous Dashiki  much to the distaste of ex-convict Toothpick . While Ashtray and Loc Dog head to buy some snacks, Toothpick and his posse confront Ashtray and hold him at gunpoint, until Loc Dog threatens them and they flee. Loc Dog and Ashtray are then confronted by 'The Man' who tosses his gun to them and leaves. Meanwhile, Grandma rides to church and another elderly woman disses her and they have a breakdancing contest in the church in which Grandma wins. Ashtray visits Dashiki where they engage in sexual intercourse and Tray impregnates Dashiki and he feels like he's not responsible enough to be the father and Dashiki kicks him out. One of Toothpicks soldiers threatens Ashtray, Loc Dog, Preach, and Crazy Legs. Loc Dog knocks him out as him and Preach proceed to stomp him, flattening him . The quartet decides to get protection from their friend Old School. This tactic fails as Toothpick performs another drive-by and Crazy Legs is injured. Tray decides to confront Dashiki and be the father. Dashiki agrees to give Tray another try and they decide to leave the hood as planned. Ashtray and Loc Dog talk about Ashtray's departure as Toothpick and his posse prepare for another drive-by and he and Loc Dog clash as Ashtray flees and trips and is knocked out as Loc and Toothpick fight, until Grandma pops out of the dumpster and shoots Toothpick car as he is flung out and he lands on a cop car. Preach and Dashiki find Ashtray hurt and he regains consciousness and kisses Dashiki. A woman finds Toothpick  and beats him with his shoe for stealing from her in the past. Afterwards, everyone goes their separate ways, Ashtray and Dashiki marry and enjoy their lives, Loc Dog becomes a host and introduces himself with extreme profanity, Preach and his crush settle down and perform sexual intercourse, Crazy Legs becomes a dancer as he had dreamed of, and Grandma is as Ashtray puts it 'still Grandma'.