Abijot  and Mitro  become friends as children. Abijot's hails from a rich, high class family while Mitro belongs to a poor, low class. The 2 families do not like them playing and spending time with each other so Abijot's family sends him and his cousin Roop  to Chandigarh where they both can do their studies away from Mitro and her family. Fifteen years later, Abijot and Roop come back. Abijot meets Mitro and they really want to marry each other, but their families' differences come in the way and will never allow their union. Mitro's family decide to marry her off to someone else, but on the day of her wedding she runs to Abijot, soon she falls there because she had eaten poison. She tells Abijot that she is leaving and will meet him again in this birth. Mitro dies. Abijot gets depressed so he decides to leave India and come to Canada, where his mind will be kept off of Mitro. Abijot goes into his mama's  house but his cousin Terry, is jealous of Abijot receiving attention and wants him to leave. So Abijot moves into Lucky's house , his childhood friend which is married to a black women. Roop calls Abijot and says that he will come to Canada soon. One day Abijot and Lucky go to a coffee shop and Abijot sees exactly the same double of Mitro, named Akam but it turns out she is blind. Abijot's mama feels bad for Abijot so he buys Abijot an apartment. Abijot comforts Akam and, they both fall in love. Abijot asks her what her dream is and she says it's to see this world again. Abijot calls his parents in India, he lies and tells them he wants to buy a house which he needs money for. Abijot's mama receives the money and gives it to Abijot and is pleased Abijot will have a house to live in. Instead of buying a house he pays for Akam's surgery with the money and it was successful. When it's time for Akam to take the bandage off her eyes Abijot isn't there. Akam refuses because she wants to see Abijot's face first. The doctor takes Akam's bandage off because he has another patient to take care of. Abijot rushes but a man, named Iqbal who is Akam's fiance gets there before him. Akam and her family thought he left her because she was blind but, it turns out he left because his father got murdered and, the police arrested him, which he was kept in jail for. Abijot sadly leaves them both. Akam is with Iqbal but is not happy because she loves Abijot. Abijot's father gets sick so Abijot leaves for India, and Roop comes to Canada. Abijot's father says that all he wants is to see him married, so Abijot agrees against his will. Akam's father notices that Akam isn't happy so he tells her she can marry whoever she wants, and Akam decides on Abijot so she goes to meet him to see if he wants to marry her. Akam rushes to Abijot's apartment, but she finds Roop there. After seeing Akam, Roop calls her Mitro. Akam remembers Abijot said that he will call her by Mitro instead of Akam. Then she sees pictures of a girl that looks exactly like her and remembers that Abijot told her he met 2 girls that arent't related but look exactly the same. Akam is confused so she asks who is Mitro and where is Abijot? Roop says Mitro is Abijot's love, and that Abijot went to India. Akam misunderstands and thinks Abijot did a favor on her and went back for Mitro. Roop says Mitro died a year ago and that he went back to meet his sick father. Akam is shocked. Abijot's engagement preparations are being made until Roop brings Akam up. Everyone is shocked and can't believe this is Mitro because she died. Abijot tells them that this is Akam, and he also tells them that before dying, Mitro said she will meet him again in this birth and here she is. The two families finally realize that two lovers can never be separated and allow their union. Abijot and Akam live happily ever after.