The film opens final scenes of the novel The Vicomte de Bragelonne. In the fight against the royal guardsmen killed Aramis and Porthos. After notified of the loss of his friends, Athos poisoned himself in own estate. d'Artagnan, commander of royal troops in the war with the Netherlands, eventually becoming a Marshal of France as Athos predicted at the Siege of La Rochelle. But barely getting the cherished baton, he perished from a round shot. The friends, which had hitherto been invincible and inseparable, suddenly dying in one day. At this time a muddle reigned in France. In Parliament, the debate raging about the stolen money from the treasury. The thing is that Cardinal Mazarin secretly left France together with the royal treasure. The Parliament and people found guilty in the person of the wife Mazarin, Queen Anne of Austria. As former defenders of the Queen's honor died, she was an urgent need to find new ones. They are the children of musketeers: Jacqueline the royal maid of honor, daughter of d'Artagnan; Raul, son of Athos; Henry, son of Aramis and Angelica daughter of Porthos. Against the Quartet stands the captain of the Royal Guards Leon. At one time in England was killed Cardinal Mazarin and his treasures, along with the Templar Ring, which grants immortality according to legends, passed into the hands of the Society of Jesus. When the heroes tries to take away the wealth belongs to France and Queen, they had been taken prisoner, and Raul is killed in the unequal struggle. Souls of the musketeers, until then excitedly, but powerless to watch the adventures of their offsprings. Sincere prayer of d'Artagnan for a time return the musketeers to Earth giving them a chance to save their children and honor of the French Queen. Along with them comes alive the sworn enemy of d'Artagnan, the guardsman de Jussac, who also in pursuit of treasure. As a result, children with parents back together, treacherous Jesuits defeated and honor of Queen retained. After receiving the Templar Ring, the musketeers refuse to use it, because at the Otherworld they want to stay together.