Ragazzi Fuori is the sequel to the 1989 dramatic film Mery per sempre, and features most of the same characters. The film is largely set in ZEN, a bleak, economically deprived quarter on the northern outskirts of Palermo, Sicily, at the end of the 1980s. Its protagonist is Natale Sperandeo , a young man who has just been released from Malaspina, a juvenile detention centre. Unable to find legitimate work, he takes up with his former gang, consisting of unemployed youths like himself, and perpetrates an armed robbery. The film also traces the divergent paths taken by his former inmates at Malaspina, such as Mario "Mery" Libassi, the 17 year-old transvestite, who resumes his previous sordid career as a male prostitute while awaiting trial for the assault on a client; Claudio Catalano, while seeking to avoid the vindictive Carmelo Vella , obtains work as a mechanic in another neighbourhood, but shortly afterwards discovers his girlfriend, Vita is pregnant; Antonino Patané is forced to push drugs in order to maintain his two small children after the financial police sequester his potatoes which Antonino was selling without a license; and Giovanni Trapani, nicknamed King Kong and a member of Natale's gang, is fatally shot by a plainclothes police officer outside the open-air market of Vucciria after a long chase through the streets of Palermo for having robbed a car radio. Ragazzi Fuori accurately depicts the social problems faced by Natale and his companions, such as crime, poverty, unemployment, prostitution, teenage pregnancy, and police harassment, which were indelible features of life in the poorer districts of Palermo and other Sicilian cities during that time period. It is a drama with realistic scenes of sex, violence, police brutality, and rape. It ends with the discovery of the body of a young man, burnt beyond recognition, on a refuse tip. It is presumed to be that of Claudio, although the film never reveals its identity. The Italian language is spoken throughout the film mixed with the Sicilian dialect of Palermo.