John James , a recently divorced novelist, moves into an old house in the country with his teenage daughter, Louisa , and young son, Sam . John and Louisa's relationship is strained and she accuses him of never loving her mother, and ruining everything. While exploring the surrounding fields and forest they come across a large burial mound. Louisa is instantly attracted to it, whereas Sam is reluctant to go near it. On their first night in the house Louisa hears strange noises outside her bedroom window. She does not see the humanoid creature lurking close-by on the roof. The next day Sam finds a loaded shotgun hidden inside the piano in the living room, Sam begins to point it at Louisa and his father, later John buries it in the garden. In town, John learns that his house is locally famous for the disappearance of a woman who lived there. Later, he finds Louisa's pet cat torn apart near the house. Louisa returns to the mound after school and, while relaxing in the sunshine, hears strange noises and cuts away as we hear what sounds like something pouncing towards Louisa. That night John finds a trail of muddy footprints leading from the open front door to the bathroom. Louisa is inside with the door locked, sitting in the tub, washing mud from her body and hair. The muddy water draining away turns red with blood . Later that night, John finds Louisa sleepwalking in her room. When he takes her back to bed he finds a strange doll made from straw which Louisa knows nothing about, inside of which is a dark ball containing a live spider. The next morning Louisa comes down for breakfast wearing a short dress and make-up. When John asks her about the doll she claims not to have seen it before. When Louisa and Sam are at school Louisa is bullied by a preppy girl, and once she gets home she rips the head off her doll. John finds a pile of muddy clothes in her room, the head of Louisa's toy doll at the burial mound, and the bloody remains of a blackbird and a nest of spiders in the drawer where Lousia's straw doll was kept. Louisa is again confronted and bullied by the preppy girl, and she starts eyeing the stairs directly behind the girl. He's called in to pick Louisa up from school when she complains of stomach pain, and on the way in he sees the preppy girl whose arm is in a brace. Cassandra says that the girl said she "fell down the stairs". When Sam's teacher, Cassandra , gives John her phone number, Louisa becomes territorial. That night, John sees Louisa emerging from the woods after having forbidden her to return to the mound. She has a rash and what looks like bite marks on the skin around her neck, and at dinner she eats in an animal manner and as though starved. John finds an article about burial mounds on the internet and telephones an expert on the subject, Professor White , but is ignored. He then reads about the previous owner of the house, Sarah Wayne: she disappeared one day without a trace, after having locked her teenage daughter in her bedroom from the outside. The daughter was eventually found alive and went to live with her grandfather, Roger Wayne . John leaves the children with a babysitter and goes to see Roger Wayne and discovers that he burned down his house with his granddaughter inside. Roger tells John that she wasn't his granddaughter anymore. In the girl's room, John finds a strange nest made from twigs and straw and a depiction of the burial mound scrawled on her wall. While John is away, the babysitter is locked out of the house and killed by the creatures. Sam hides in his room as a mound-walker tries to get in. John arrives home, discovers Louisa, and asks what happened to the babysitter, but she says she does not know. After the police leave, Louisa vomits on the hallway floor. John takes her to bed and she tearfully asks him if he's going to leave her like her mother did. He tells her he never will. John dreams of a doorway on top of the burial mound and Louisa transforming into a creature. The next day he finds the same kind of nest in Louisa's room. He decides to take action, digs up the shotgun and hires a contractor to destroy the burial mound. Before the demolition takes place, Professor White arrives and pleads with John to wait. He tells him of an ancient civilization who worshiped the burial mounds, believing them to be the homes of ancient Gods, or "mound-walkers". He mentions a ritual involving the exchange of gifts, including small straw dolls, and the mound-walkers search for a young girl to mate with who could give birth to a new generation of deities and help them reclaim the earth. Horrified by this, John instructs the bulldozer to start its work. When it cuts into the mound, the body of the babysitter is discovered. John is taken to the police station for questioning while Cassandra the teacher looks after the kids. That night, when Officer Ed Lowry  drives John home, they are attacked and the officer is dragged out of the car screaming. John returns home to discover the house in disarray and finds Cassandra with her throat slit open. Before she dies she reaches for Louisa. Mound-walkers attack the house and John shoots and kills them. After the attack, Louisa is missing, and her screams can be heard coming from the mound. John takes Sam up to his room and tells him to wait for the police, before kissing him goodbye. He goes to the mound to rescue Louisa and finds a tunnel leading into it. He sets a can of gasoline and the explosives from the postponed demolition by the entrance and crawls inside. He finds himself in a deep network of tunnels. He finds Louisa in a pit, unconscious and covered in mud. When he carries her out the creatures start to howl and give chase. In the meantime, Sam comes out of the house, clutching a family portrait, and looks towards the mound. John and Louisa escape the mound and block the entrance with a leaking canister of ANFO , but there is another mound-walker waiting for them. Louisa collapses and begs her father not to leave her. John looks down at her and sees her beginning to transform into one of the creatures. John drops a flare into the leaking diesel fuel and the mound goes up in a huge explosion. After a while, in reflection on the family portrait that Sam is holding, we see a figure emerging slowly from the flames. Sam asks "Daddy?", although the figures identity is unclear. In the background several mound-walkers crawl down the walls of the house and the tree in the yard. Directly behind Sam a creature emerges from the side of the screen. Before it growls a sound is heard that may either be a gun loading or the creature moving. It is left to the viewer's interpretation if John and Sam live or die.