Jon and Garfield take their third class airline trip to "Paradise World", a cheapskate's version of Hawaii. Jon and Garfield checked in at a poorly-rated motel and are disappointed to find out that there is no beach within the sight of the motel, which only redeeming value is an empty pool in the back. When Jon and Garfield enter their room, they find Odie hiding in their luggage. None of the trio have any fun until Jon, Garfield, and Odie decide to rent a car and go searching for a beach. For a cheap price, Jon, Garfield, and Odie get a really nice 1957 Chevrolet Bel Air and hit the beach and later decide where to go when their car mysteriously swerves into a jungle on its own, stopping in the middle of a native village. Jon, Garfield, and Odie presumed that they are in trouble until the natives begin to bow down to their car. Jon, Garfield, and Odie meet the tribal chief who explains that the villagers learned English "from watching a lot of beach movies", and that the car was originally belong to The Cruiser, a James Dean/Fonzie-styled legend who drove his car into the native village in 1957 and introduced the people to the 1950s pop culture. The Cruiser eventually saved the village by sacrificing himself and driving his car into the volcano to prevent it from erupting. The village is now devoted to a 1950s lifestyle and believes that Jon's rental car is the same one that originally belonged to The Cruiser. In the village, Jon and Garfield find romance with the tribal princess Owooda and cat Mai-Tai. Meanwhile, the village idiot, Monkey, who is a mechanic, is asked by the chief to fix the car and Odie helps him. Suddenly, the volcano begins to erupt and Owooda tells Jon that she and Mai-Tai must sacrifice themselves to the volcano to save the village. However, the volcano rejects Owooda and Mai-Tai, and the village sachem, Pigeon interprets that the volcano wants the car instead, and if it does not have it within thirty seconds, it will still blow the island into pieces. Monkey and Odie make their one last attempt to get the car fixed, which still does not work until Odie simply taps the engine with a hammer. The car finally starts and zooms through the village and up the volcano with Monkey driving and Odie hanging on the engine hood. The car eventually falls into the volcano and the spirit of The Cruiser in the car's ghost flies out and drives off into the night sky; the volcano is now at peace. Monkey and Odie are presumed dead until they climb out of the volcano crater. In the end, Jon, Garfield, and the villagers carries Monkey and Odie back to the village in a hero's fashion.