Prof. 'Shakespeare' Krishna Pillai leads a very happy family life. His loving wife Sarada is a home maker and they are blessed with three daughters and one son. Their neighbour is Indira Thampi,an unmarried woman with a failed love affair during her college days. Her niece, Asha Thampi lives with her to attend college. Asha's good frined Unnikrishnan,is the sports coach of her college team and is also a fmaily friend of Prof. Krishna Pillai. Asha attends special classes taken by Prof. Krishna Pillai at his house. Unnikrishnan shares likeness to music with Sarada and this makes them vibe very well. Asha misinterprets this as likeness for eachother. Unnikrishnan gets irritated because of Asha's immature behaviour. Disheartened Asha pretends to be in love with Prof. Krishna Pillai as a revenge to Unnikrishnan. Professor was initially hesitant but slowly starts liking her. He starts going out with her to night clubs and this worries Sarda. She informs about this to Indira and she inturn scolds Asha. In retaliation, Asha leaves from Indira's house but she has no where else to go. She takes help of professor and he gets her admitted to YWCA hostel. All this while, Asha makes it a point to avoid Unnikrishnan and he feels terrible and insulted because of that. While at YWCA hostel, he barges in to her room when she informs through the matron that she doesn't want to see him. He asks her repeatedly about her affair with professor but she doesn't give him any clear reply. Unnikrishnan tells Sarda about Asha and her immaturity. Professor starts distancing from Sarda and this makes her confront him one day infornt of their children. Furious professor leaves from home and takes a room in a hotel. He calls his family and talks to children but hesitates to talk to Sarda. He is in a great dilemma whether to live with his family or Asha. Next day, he gets Asha to his hotel room and starts getting cozy with her. She gets uncomfortable and tries to pull her hands from his. At this moment Unnikrishnan arrives and confronts Asha and beats her repeatedly and she finally reveals the truth about her affair with professor. She huggs Unnikrishnan infornt of professor, makes him totally heart broken. Out of shame, professor drinks heavily on the beach in his car. Unnikrishnan spots him and brings him to his home. After getting rid off hangover, he happily reunites with his wife and kids.