Retired detective Harry Kilmer  is called upon by an old friend, George Tanner . Tanner has been doing business with a yakuza gangster, Tono, who has taken Tanner's daughter and her boyfriend hostage to apply pressure in a business deal involving the sale of guns. Tanner hopes that Kilmer can locate and rescue the girl using his Japanese connections. Tanner and Kilmer had been Marine MPs and friends in Tokyo during the post-war occupation. Kilmer had fallen in love with a local woman, Eiko , who was involved in the black market. When her young daughter fell ill, Kilmer helped Eiko find penicillin for the child, saving her life. After they'd been living with each other, Eiko's brother Ken  returned from an island where he'd been stranded as an Imperial Japanese soldier. Both outraged that his sister was living with his former enemy and deeply indebted to Kilmer for saving the lives of his  only remaining family, he disappeared into the yakuza criminal underground and refused to see or speak to his sister. Kilmer repeatedly asked Eiko to marry him but she consistently refused. Then and since, Eiko has been cautious to do nothing to offend her brother further. As a parting gift, Kilmer bought Eiko the bar  which she operates to this day. They parted, neither of them falling in love or marrying since. Traveling to Tokyo with Tanner's bodyguard Dusty , they stay at the home of another old military buddy named Oliver Wheat . Kilmer visits Eiko at her coffeehouse at closing time; seeing her once again, it is clear Kilmer still loves her deeply and again proposes. Asked about Ken, Eiko says that Ken is no longer a yakuza. Eiko tells Kilmer that her brother can be found at his kendo school. Ken's debt to Kilmer, giri, is a lifelong debt that traditionally can never be repaid. Ken would, Tanner insists, do anything for Kilmer. Traveling to Kyoto, Kilmer visits him at his Kendo school. Ken's animosity towards Kilmer is clear, but together they find and free the girl and her beau. In so doing, Ken "takes up the sword" once again, injures one of Tono's men, and is discovered by one of the gangster's lieutenants. This is an inexcusable intrusion by Ken in yakuza affairs. Contracts on both Ken and Kilmer's lives are issued. Kilmer resists leaving until the danger to Ken can be resolved. Eiko suggests that he talk to Ken's brother, a high level legal counselor to the yakuza chiefs whom Kilmer hadn't known about. Goro  is unable to intercede due to his impartial role in yakuza society, but suggests that Ken can remove the death threat by killing Tono with a sword. The only alternative is for Kilmer to kill Tono. Guilt-ridden that once again he's interfered with Eiko's family and also endangered Ken, Kilmer stays in Tokyo. After a failed attempt on Kilmer's life in a bath house, he learns that his old friend Tanner has taken out the contract on him. Despite appearances, Tanner and Tono are well-acquainted and successful business partners. During an attack on Ken and Kilmer in Oliver Wheat's house, Dusty is killed with a sword and Eiko's daughter, Hanako, is shot and killed. Both men are crushed by the tragic loss of Hanako. Seeking advice again from Ken's brother, Goro advises them that they have no choice but to assassinate Tanner and Tono. This will embarrass the partners in the eyes of the yakuza and restore Ken's honor. Goro discloses that he has a "wayward son" who has joined Tono's clan and asks that Ken spare him should he be caught in the battle. The son has a distinctive spider tattoo on his head. Ken vows that the son will not be harmed. In private, Goro then discloses a shocking family secret to Kilmer: Eiko is not Ken's sister, she is his wife, and Hanako was their only child. Hearing this, Kilmer realizes the true meaning of Eiko and Ken's rift, and Ken's anguish at the death of Hanako, all brought about by his presence in their lives. Kilmer finds and kills Tanner, then joins Ken for a near-suicidal attack on Tono's residence. During a tense, prolonged battle, in which Ken kills Tono in the traditional way with a katana, Goro's son attacks them and Ken is forced to kill him in self-defense. Bearing the news to his brother, Ken moves to commit Seppuku, but his brother forbids it. Instead, Ken performs yubitsume . After Ken excuses himself, Goro talks with Kilmer, and compliments him on his adherence to Japanese traditions, surprising for a gaijin. As Kilmer is riding in a taxi to the airport to leave Japan, he is visibly troubled and decides to go back and visit Ken one last time and asks to speak to him formally. While Ken prepares tea, Kilmer quietly commits yubitsume, and when Ken enters the room, waits for him to be seated. Sliding the folded handkerchief that contains his finger to Ken, he says "please accept this token of my apology," exactly the same words that Ken used when he presented his finger to Goro. Then, Kilmer apologizes for "bringing great pain into your life, both in the past and in the present." He humbly requests that "if you can forgive me, then you can forgive Eiko." Accepting the apology, Ken professes that "no man has a greater friend than Kilmer-san," and Kilmer reciprocates. Parting at the airport, both men bow deeply to each other.