When the Germans march into Prague, a scientist who is working on a new process for armour-plating, Dr. Bomasch , is flown to England. His daughter Anna , however, is arrested and sent to a concentration camp. There, she is befriended by a fellow Czech prisoner named Karl Marsen . Together, they escape to England, and Anna finds her father by placing a cryptic advertisement in a newspaper at Marsen's suggestion. Dr. Bomasch is working for the Royal Navy at the Dartford naval base. He is guarded by Dickie Randall , a naval officer working undercover on the south coast as an entertainer called 'Gus Bennett'. Marsen, who is actually an undercover SS agent, has followed Anna; he and his agents soon capture her and her father from Randall, and return them to Germany on a U-boat. Randall volunteers to try to rescue them while they are still in transit in Germany. Posing as a German army engineer major named Herzog, he gains access to Anna, telling the Germans that they were lovers in Prague four years ago, and that this could help him persuade her to get her father to cooperate. He contrives to accompany them on a train trip to Munich with Marsen and two guards. On the train, they meet two Englishmen, Charters and Caldicott, who are trying to get home after with the declaration of war imminent. Caldicott  recognizes Randall from their days at Balliol College, Oxford. Randall denies knowing him, but Marsen's suspicions are aroused. At a stop, he telephones his superiors, who agree to investigate and call him back. Charters , attempting to use another telephone, overhears the return call confirming there is no Major Herzog. Marsen arranges to have Randall arrested when they arrive in Munich. Caldicott slips a warning to Randall, who is thus prepared when Marsen pulls out a gun and ends the charade just before they reach Munich. Charters and Caldicott overpower first the two guards, then Marsen. After swapping uniforms with Marsen, Randall manages to get a car. Along with Charters and Caldicott, they make a break for neutral Switzerland. They drive up a mountain road to a cable car and, amidst a gun fight with the pursuing Germans, manage to cross the border.