The film opens with U.S. Marine Tommy Riordan  visiting his father, Paddy Conlon , a recovering alcoholic who has become a born-again Christian. Tommy becomes angry about his father's formerly abusive behavior and Paddy fails to convince him that he has truly changed. The next day, Tommy enters a gym where he beats a professional fighter named Pete "Mad Dog" Grimes  unconscious in less than 30 seconds, in a fight which is filmed via a cell phone's video camera and later uploaded to the internet where it goes viral. Tommy learns about a winner-takes-all mixed martial arts tournament called Sparta where the winner receives $5,000,000. In order to provide for the family of his fallen friend in the Marine Corps, Tommy asks his father to help him train for the tournament, but only under the condition that Paddy does not try to reconcile their relationship. Meanwhile, Paddy's older son, Brendan Conlon , a high school physics teacher and former UFC fighter, is struggling to financially provide for his wife Tess  and two daughters and faces the possibility of his home getting foreclosed due to mortgage re-financing to pay for his youngest daughter's open heart surgery. To increase his income, Brendan risks returning to his former profession as a mixed martial arts fighter battling amateur fighters for money. Rumours of Brendan fighting in the ring begin spreading amongst his students. The school's superintendent, objecting to his participation in such dangerous activities, suspends him without pay. Left with no other option, Brendan seeks the training of old friend Frank Campana  and begins competing in smaller venue fights. After the fighter Frank planned to enter into the Sparta tournament is injured during training, Brendan convinces Frank to enter him as a replacement. After arriving at the tournament, Brendan discovers that Tommy has also entered. When the two brothers confront each other for the first time in 14 years, it is explained that Brendan chose to stay behind with his then-girlfriend Tess when he was 16 years old instead of moving away from their father with Tommy and their mother, who later grew ill and died. Brendan claims that he has forgiven his father for the wrong he has done, but Tommy is unconvinced. He refuses to forgive Brendan for not leaving with him and for not being there when their mother was sick. Meanwhile, the video of Tommy beating "Mad Dog" attracts the attention of a Marine in Iraq whose life was saved by Tommy months prior. The information and video of Tommy saving the Marine is shared with the press and Tommy becomes a national hero, gaining a massive fan base and appreciation from not only viewers, but from the U.S. Marine Corps as well. However, Tommy's records surface from the Corps and reveal that he deserted the military after his entire unit was killed in a friendly fire bombing. It is explained that Tommy took his mother's maiden name as his own surname in order to evade arrest for his desertion and that military police will take him into custody after the tournament is over. Over two nights, Brendan and Tommy have contrasting fortunes: Tommy quickly and brutally knocks out his three opponents, while Brendan has a much tougher time, outmatched physically but utilizing Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu to force submissions. The night before the final day, Paddy attempts to talk to Tommy about his actions in Iraq only to be berated and dismissed, which shown the follow morning has caused an upset Paddy to start drinking again. Seeing the emotional pain, Tommy calms and comforts him. By the end, the brothers come face-to-face with each other in the final round and unleash all the anger they had towards one another. The fight between the brothers shows Tommy having the upper hand initially, but Brendan manages to dislocate Tommy's shoulder and traps him in a rear naked choke. While they both lie struggling on the mat, Brendan tearfully apologizes to Tommy and tells him that he loves him. After some hesitation, Tommy taps out. The film ends with the two brothers exiting the ring, Tommy in tears with Brendan's arms around him, as their father watches them reconcile and smiles.