{{plot|datePBS-AE>"People & Events: The Rise of the FBI". - | "Primary Sources: Some Anti-Dillinger Laws". - American Experience. - PBS. - Retrieved: 2008-07-04 After receiving a tip, Hardesty and Crandall head to Spider Lake, Wisconsin on April 22, 1934, but after barking dogs alerted the gangsters they scattered. They then head to a nearby country store to call the Chicago office. When they get there they find two men sitting in a car, with Baby Face Nelson , holding them hostage. Nelson comes up shooting, mortally wounding Crandall. .FBI History: Famous Cases: "Baby Face" Nelson". - FBI The film then quickly recounts Hardesty's  involvement in the capture and/or deaths of numerous infamous mobsters of the day including "Pretty Boy" Floyd, "Baby Face" Nelson, and "Machine Gun" Kelly  Chip's three children quickly mature into young adults; as Chip attends a speech and dance at his daughter's high school graduation, the joyous mood is suddenly shattered by news of the Attack on Pearl Harbor. With the US entry into the war, enemy aliens  are quickly rounded up by the FBI and sent to concentration camp, though the film argues that it was a necessary act to prevent possible espionage and collaboration with the Axis Powers. In order to shoulder the new burden, the ranks of the "bureau" are quickly doubled from about 2500 to more than 5000 agents. One of those aspiring new agents is the deceased Sam's son George who is constantly frustrated and worried that he would never live up to his father's reputation. After another day of difficult training, George is invited by Chip to a barbecue at the Hardesty household where a romance is clearly budding between the young man and Chip's oldest daughter. While dancing in the backyard, the party is suddenly interrupted by George's only son who plays the Marine Hymn on the phonograph before announcing his enlistment in the U.S. Marine Corps. Lucy is naturally horrified; she wishes for her son to finish school and fears that he will never survive the war, though Chip has some support for the young man's decision. Soon after wards, George completes his FBI training and is sent off to a secret mission abroad; Chip's son joins the Marines just in time for the battles of Saipan and Iwo Jima in the Pacific. Meanwhile, the now aging and whitehaired Chip is sent by the FBI to relieve the duties of three agents in an unspecified South American country after their identities had been compromised . The first two agents are easily found and sent back to the United States before they are captured by local authorities; the third agent is operating deep in the jungle and Chip has to traverse through the overgrown wilderness with a guide named Mario to reach him. The third agent is then revealed to be none other than young George who has been intercepting various secret enemy radio messages. As local authorities move in to arrest the trio, George intercepts one last message, reporting an illegal shipment of platinum to Buenos Aires before destroying all of the equipment and codebooks with a detonator. As they flee across a rope bridge towards the Brazilian border, Mario returns to the enemy shore and blows up the bridge with the remaining detonator, saving the two FBI agents but at the cost of his own life. Seeing loyal companion swept away by the river, Chip expresses hope that Mario's body will be taken to the ocean, visiting the sea having always been the guide's dream. The film then cuts to George's marriage to Chip's daughter in the United States, presumably taking place several months later. As the wedding celebration continued, Chip and Lucy suddenly receive a telegram at the door, informing them of their son's death in the Battle of Iwo Jima. Heartbroken by their loss, Chip and Lucy nonetheless continue serving their country with courage as the Axis powers are defeated and America slowly enters the Cold War. The last investigation, "50-Cent Clue", involves an espionage case of a New York City clothes cleaners finding a hollow half-dollar with microfilm inside. The microfilm contains a series of numbers, which the FBI tries to decipher. (The real case involved a nickel, not a half-dollar, and took four years to unfold, not the short matter of days in the film. On June 22, 1953, a newspaper boy, collecting for the Brooklyn Eagle, was paid with a nickel that didn't sound and feel right to him. But it wasn't until a KGB agent, Reino Häyhänen, wanted to defect in May, 1957, would the FBI be able to link the nickel to KGB agents, including Vilyam Genrikhovich Fisher .FBI History: Famous Cases: Rudolph Ivanovich Abel. - FBI The film then ends with the conclusion of Hardesty's speech to his fellow FBI agents, walking out of the building he is greeted by his family, including his own granddaughter wearing an old hat that sang the tune of Yankee Doodle ; the same hat that Chip had bought for his own children decades ago near the beginning of his career. Chip says, "I guess I'll never understand how one little family can collect so much junk," and drives away. Various scenes are then shown, depicting the family driving past various Washington DC landmarks such as the Washington Monument, the White House and the Lincoln Memorial while patriotic music is played in the background before the credits roll.