Tae-suk  is a loner who drives around on his motorbike, taping takeout menus over the keyholes of front doors and breaking into apartments where the menus have not been removed. He lives in the apartments while the owners are away, even washing their clothes and mending broken appliances for them. When he breaks into one large home, he is unaware that he is being watched by an abused housewife Sun-hwa . Tae-suk leaves after he makes eye contact with Sun-hwa, but returns after silently contemplating on the roadside. He witnesses Sunwha's husband abusing her and proceeds to catch his attention by practicing golf in the yard. He hits Sunwha's husband with golf balls and then leaves with Sun-hwa. The couple begin a silent relationship, moving from one apartment to another. At one home, after drinking, they are caught by the returning owners, sleeping in their bed and wearing their pajamas. The couple gets into trouble with the law when they break into the home of an elderly man, who they discover to have died alone and proceed to give him a proper burial. When the man's son and daughter-in-law arrive at the apartment, they assume that Tae-suk and Sun-hwa killed him. They are interrogated at the police station but remain steadfastly silent; Sun-hwa's husband arrives and takes her back home. Despite an autopsy of the man revealing he died of lung cancer, and the great care that was shown in burying the Armsickle, Sun-hwa's husband bribes the policeman in charge of the investigation to allow him to similarly hit Tae-suk with golf balls. Tae-suk ends up attacking the police officer and is sent to jail, where he practices golf with an imaginary club and balls and develops his gifts for stealth and concealment . After being released from prison, invisible to her husband's eyes, Tae-suk rejoins Sun-hwa in her house. Sun-hwa appears to say "I love you" to her husband, but reaches out for Tae-suk. Tae Suks skills involve staying out of his jailers line of sight and peripheral vision and he does this as he stays behind Sun Hwas husband, moving as he turns and grabbing food from the dinner table and kissing Sun Hwa over her husband's shoulder  as he leaves on another business trip. After he leaves, Sun Hwa and he embrace, kissing deeply.