In 2001, Gordon Gekko  is released from prison after serving eight years for insider trading and securities fraud. Seven years later, Gekko is promoting his new book Is Greed Good?, while his estranged daughter, Winnie , runs a small news website and is dating Jacob Moore , a top proprietary trader at Keller Zabel Investments . Jacob is a protégé of managing director Louis Zabel , and is trying to raise money for a fusion research project. After Keller Zabel's stock loses more than 30% of its value, Zabel tries to arrange a bailout for KZI from other Wall Street banks but is blocked by Bretton James , head of rival firm Churchill Schwartz, which Zabel had refused to bail out eight years earlier. The next morning Zabel kills himself by jumping in front of a subway train. Distraught, Moore proposes marriage to Winnie, who accepts. Later, he approaches Gekko after a lecture. Gekko tells Jacob that his daughter refuses to speak to him and that Keller Zabel's collapse started when rumours of the company having toxic debt started to spread. Jacob and Gekko arrange a trade: Jacob will reconcile Winnie and Gekko, while Gekko will gather information to destroy Bretton. Aided by Gekko, Moore learns that Bretton James profited from the Keller Zabel collapse. In revenge, he spreads rumors about the nationalization of an African oil field owned by Churchill Schwartz. The company loses $120 million, and Bretton offers Moore a job, which he accepts determined to avenge Zabel. At his new job, Moore convinces Chinese investors to fund the fusion research he has been supporting. Bretton is impressed by Jacob's initiative and is also glad for the new investment. As the economy starts to crumble, Winnie announces to Moore she is pregnant, and Bretton reveals to Moore that the Chinese investment is going into bunk solar panels and fossil fuels instead of fusion research, which upsets Moore. Gekko proposes a solution, using a $100 million trust fund account in Switzerland, which Gekko set up for Winnie in the 1980s, to fund the research and save the company. She signs the money over to Moore who then entrusts it to Gekko to legitimize the funds for investment in the fusion research company. However, the money never arrives, and Gekko leaves the country with the money. Jacob realizes that Gekko has been using him to get the money in the account for his own gain. Distraught, Jacob confesses to Winnie that he had been secretly meeting with Gekko. Winnie then asks Jacob to leave as she neither trusts him nor feels safe around him. Moore tracks Gekko to London where he is running a start-up financial company with the $100 million. Jacob proposes one last trade: Winnie gets her money back, and Gekko gets a grandson, but Gekko refuses. Moore pieces together everything from Keller Zabel's collapse to the economic bailout of Bretton's company and gives the information to Winnie telling her that revealing it will bring her website publicity and credibility. Winnie runs the story, and Bretton James is exposed. The investors leave Bretton and go to Gekko on the back of his $1.1 billion return as Bretton finds himself under intense legal scrutiny by the government. As Jacob finds Winnie in New York, Gekko appears and tells them that he deposited $100 million into the fusion research's account anonymously. He apologizes to Jacob and Winnie, who then reconcile. One year later, Gekko is seen at his grandson's first birthday.