Mia Williams is a volatile and socially isolated 15-year-old. She lives on an East London council estate with her single mother, Joanne, and younger sister, Tyler, and is highly antagonistic toward both of them. Mia is a loner, appearing to have had a falling out with her best friend Keely. She provokes Keely's other friends and head butts another girl when Mia criticizes their dance routine. Mia regularly practises hip-hop dance alone in a deserted flat. Near the estate, Mia comes across a skinny, tethered horse in a traveller encampment. She tries to free it, only to be caught, taunted, and assaulted by two young men, the horse's owners. A third young man, Billy, the brother of the other two, is more sympathetic. He explains that the horse is ill and he befriends Mia. Joanne's new boyfriend, Connor O'Reily, is a charming and handsome Irishman. He drives Joanne, Mia, and Tyler on a day-trip into the countryside. He is eager to get along with both of Joanne's daughters. He introduces them to his favorite song, Bobby Womack's version of "California Dreamin'", shows Mia how to catch a fish using noodling, and asks her to show off her dance moves. Although Mia is abrupt with Connor, she also appears to be intrigued by him. Later when Mia attends a shop to use the Internet, she watches a dance video. She sees the girls from earlier in the movie and angrily confronts them again. One night, she secretly watches him and her mother having sex. She then goes back to her room and slams the door several times. Mia finds a flyer for a club seeking dancers and Connor encourages Mia to apply. He lends her a video camera to record an audition tape. Mia sends in her tape and is invited by the club to perform in person. Late one night, after she and Connor have both been drinking, he asks to see her dance routine. She dances to "California Dreamin'". Connor then invites her to sit next to him, and the two end up having sex in the living room while Joanne is passed out drunk upstairs. Connor suggests that Mia has already had sex with Billy, and tells Mia to keep their liaison a secret. The following morning, Mia hears her mother crying: Tyler tells her that Connor has left. Mia tracks him down to his home in Chadwell St Mary and confronts him. He explains he cannot see Joanne or Mia any more. He drives her to Tilbury Town railway station and gives her her fare home. Instead, Mia makes her way back to Connor's house. It is unoccupied, so Mia sneaks in through an unlocked back window. She finds Connor's camera in the living room and, watching his videos, discovers that he has a wife and young daughter, Keira. Shocked and upset, Mia urinates on the living room floor and then goes upstairs to wash her face. She hears Connor and his wife returning, and escapes by sneaking out of the back door. Back in the road in front of the house, Mia sees Keira riding her scooter. On impulse, she pressures Keira to go with her under the claim that Keira's mother told Mia to take her for ice cream. They then go out into the fields and eventually reach the River Thames, where a suspicious Keira tries to escape. Mia catches her, but in the struggle Keira falls into the turbulent river water and disappears. She resurfaces after several seconds and Mia pulls her out, then takes her home as night falls. When they reach Connor's house, Mia sends Keira to her house then sneaks away, but as she is walking back towards the train station, Connor's car screeches to a halt beside her. Mia attempts to run away, but Connor chases her, catches up with her, and slaps her, knocking her to the ground. He then walks away and drives off without saying a word. The next day, Mia goes to her audition. It is immediately obvious that it is for erotic dancers: the other participants are all grown women wearing heavy makeup and provocative clothing. Mia takes the stage, but as the music starts, and before she has begun dancing, she walks off. Mia goes in search of Billy. When she arrives at his place, Billy tells her that the horse has died. Mia sinks to the ground, weeping. Billy says he is moving to Cardiff, Wales, and invites her to join him. Mia returns home to pack. In the living room, Joanne is in an almost trance-like state, dancing to Mia's Nas CD. Mia tells Joanne that she is leaving. Before she goes, Mia, Joanne, and Tyler dance to "Life's a Bitch" from the album Illmatic. Outside, Mia hugs Tyler goodbye and gets into Billy's car, setting off for her new life in Wales.