{{plot}} The four couples prepare for their next marriage retreat. Sheila and her new husband, Troy, are the first to arrive to the Bahamas, following  Patricia and Gavin, Terry and Dianne, and, lastly, Angela and Marcus. The men and the women separate to talk about the good and bad about their marriages. Sheila's ex-husband, Mike, arrives, and Angela immediately starts a fight until he leaves the women alone to go see the guys. That night, Mike talks about his and Sheila's relationship, which angers Troy. Dianne accidentally calls Terry "Phil" in the course of conversation. Angela is insistent about getting the password to Marcus' cell phone because she distrusts him, but Marcus distracts her using sex. Dianne and Terry hear arguing later and think it's Angela and Marcus but it turns out to be Patricia and Gavin. When Dianne goes to investigate, she finds Patricia but cannot get Patricia to tell her what's wrong. The next morning Sheila makes it clear that though Mike says he misses her, she is completely over him. At the beach the women meet an elderly couple after they accidentally throw a friend's ashes on Angela. Sheila invites them to dinner and they accept. At the "Why Did I Get Married" ceremony, Patricia announces that she and Gavin are getting a divorce in front of everyone. Gavin walks away from her upset because he didn't know she was going to announce it to them. Back in Atlanta, Gavin and his lawyer meet Patricia with her lawyer, Dianne. Patricia and Gavin have decided to split everything down the middle in the settlement, but Gavin reveals that Patricia has not offered up the account with money from her books. Patricia refuses to give Gavin any money from this, but as Patricia leaves, Gavin stops Dianne and tells her to tell Patricia to "prepare for a fight". He intends to get half of that account as well. Angela comes home and Angela's neighbor stops her and tells her she's been hearing sexual noises from the house when Angela is not home. Angela believes Marcus is cheating and confronts him live on his television show. Marcus gives up his phone and password to her. Gavin comes home very drunk and confronts Patricia. He takes their son's baby photos and taunts her about her perceived lack of emotions, even at their divorce and their son's death. He then assaults her and douses her in Vodka, then burns the photos. Elsewhere, Mike agrees to help find Troy a job. Angela lectures Dianne and Sheila about how all men cheat. Patricia catches Gavin, Terry, and Marcus moving Gavin's things out and finds out that Gavin has taken all their money, even her book money, and Patricia trashes the house with Gavin's golf clubs. Angela comes home early to catch Marcus cheating, but after shooting up the room notices that it was just the gardener and the maid having sex. Terry finally confronts Dianne and she reveals she has been having an emotional affair. Marcus and Angela fight, then reconcile, then fight again after Angela finds out Marcus has another phone. Troy arrives at Mike's apartment after finding out Mike got him his police job. He finds Sheila there and attacks Mike angrily. Sheila tearfully confesses that she has been taking Mike to chemotherapy. Troy apologizes to Mike for the incident, who forgives him and invites Troy to have a drink with him and the guys, beginning a new friendship. Mike tells the men to fix their marriages because life is too short. After being humiliated at his job, harassed and told off by an angry Patricia, Gavin is struck and gravely injured by a truck. While the others wait to hear the status of his condition, a tearful and regretful Patricia instructs the wives to fix their marriages , and everyone makes up. Unfortunately, Gavin's surgeon informs them that he has died. A memorial service is later held by all the remaining couples, and the remaining men, Terry, Mike, Troy and Marcus, fly off balloons to commemorate Gavin's passing. Patricia, now widowed, is asked out by a person named Daniel Franklin , whom  her books helped him get through a tough divorce, for coffee, and agrees and smiles as the film ends.