Mayu and Vaiju are two fast friends studying in the same girls college. When a girl tries to commit suicide after being harassed by a boy named Rahul, Nisha arrests him and throws him in jail, where he later commits suicide. Nisha is an ex-alumni of the college and later gets invited as chief guest of the college's silver jubilee function. Mayu and Vaiju decide to carve their own destinies after hearing a soul stirring speech from Nisha, some days before the function. Here, Attu decides to hand over the business to Mayu. In desperation Vaiju lies to Attu that Mayu is in love with a pilot named Mohan Mukadam whom she met on a trip to Goa. Attu is visibly upset, but decides to support her niece. Later, Vaiju starts phoning Mayu pretending to be "Mohan". Everything goes fine, until Mayu really gets a call from "Mohan" a day before the function. Deciding that someone has caught upon their plan and is deciding to blackmail them, they call this Mohan in their hostel. The girls are armed, waiting for him to turn up, when they learn that Sheetal is also there, since she is ill. Suddenly, they hear gunshots and rush to find "Mohan" dead. Each girl assumes the other to be the killer, until they find out that none of them fired the fatal bullet. The girls finally decide to dispose off his dead body, but it suddenly goes missing. Here, the function abruptly comes to a halt when Mohan's body falls on the stage. Things take a strange turn when it appears that Mayu's gun has been fired. The girls are arrested, where they tell the whole story to Nisha, but she derisively brushes it off. Mayu's gun is found a perfect match for the bullet. Then suddenly, a woman claiming to be Mohan's mother arrives in the police station. Realizing that they are getting deeper in this mess, the girls escape from the police station. After contacting their fellow students and teachers, upon which they learn that Sheetal is missing since the day of murder and Attu was also seen washing her hands continuously in the hostel. The girls first confront Attu, who tells them that she was full aware of their charade from the start. Attu claims that Mohan was actually Vicky, a young enterpreneur whom she had roped in to mess with the girls. Attu claims that she knew nothing about "Mohan's mother". Here, Mohan's "mother" starts stalking the girls secretly. The girls spy upon a friend of Sheetal and manage to find out her location. Soon, the girls confront and overpower Sheetal in her hiding place and after gagging her, call Nisha. After the girls let Sheetal talk, she drops a bombshell that the real killer is none other than Nisha. Sheetal tells that she heard the sounds in the corridor and entered in time to see Nisha pulling out her gun and gunning Mohan down in front of her. Then, she saw Sheetal and tried to kill her too, forcing her to flee. After realizing the implications, the girls patch up with Sheetal and decide to give Nisha a fight. Nisha arrives and corners the girls, but before she can kill them, Mohan's mother appears with the police and tells her to drop the weapon. Nisha is adamant, until the woman produces a wheelchair bound girl, whom Nisha had met earlier in a mental asylum. Later, in front of the panel, "Mohan's mother" introduces herself as special officer Seema Srivastava. Seema tells them that she was actually sent from Delhi to investigate Rahul's death, since forensics indicated foul play. However, by the time she came, Mohan was killed and the girls were arrested. She knew that the girls were innocent and that Nisha was somehow connected to this case too and decided to use the girls as a lure and get Nisha. She was aided by Nisha's fellow cop to spy on her. In front of the same panel, Nisha reveals that "Mohan" was actually a conman who had destroyed the lives of many girls, Nisha's own sister included. Her sister was none other than the wheelchair ridden girl. Nisha saw Mohan in the hostel and confronted him. However, he started to run away, which angered. After Sheetal disappeared, Nisha removed the dead body. While searching Mayu's gun, Nisha realized that her gun was the same make as that of Nisha's and had her framed. After the girls are exonerated, a huge comeback party is arranged for Mayu, Vaiju and Sheetal. Everything is going great until a huge bouquet from "Mohan Mukadam" shows up for Mayu. Seeing the expressions of others, she realizes that none of them sent it. Suddenly, everybody gets a shock when Attu leaps out from behind the bouquet. After the initial shock subsides, everybody ends up in peels of laughter.