In 1978, five childhood friends won their junior high school basketball championship. During their celebration at a rented lake house, their coach, Buzzer  encourages them to live their lives in a similar way to how they played the game. Thirty years later, the five friends, who had remained close companions up until their graduation, have since separated. Lenny Feder  is a high-powered Hollywood talent agent who is married to Roxanne Chase , a fashion designer, and has three children. His two sons, Greg and Keithie  have become very spoiled much to his annoyance. Eric Lamonsoff ([[Kevin James  claims he is now a co-owner of a lawn furniture company, is married to Sally  and has two children, Donna and Bean . Much to Eric's chagrin, Bean continues to nurse on Sally. Kurt McKenzie  is a stay-at-home father who is married to Deanne , the primary breadwinner of the family, and has two kids, Andre and Charlotte . Deanne is pregnant with another child and her mother  also lives with the family. Rob Hilliard  has been divorced three times and has daughters Jasmine, Amber, and Bridget  from those marriages. His current wife, Gloria , is 30 years older than him. Marcus Higgins  is a lazy womanizer. All five friends regularly harass with each other in comedic fashion throughout the film: Lenny for being rich; Eric for being overweight; Kurt for being skinny and not being more useful; Rob for his way of saying "Maize!" and for having a much older wife; and Marcus for being a slacker. When the five friends soon find out that Buzzer has died, they all return to New England with their families to attend his private funeral. Lenny rents the lake house for the 4th of July weekend for his friends to stay at, but Lenny cannot stay for the whole weekend because Roxanne has a fashion show in Milan. While at the lake house, Lenny is annoyed that their kids would rather play video games than spend time outdoors, so he and the others force their kids to play outside during their stay. Eric has a small incident on a rope swing and injures a bird. At a local restaurant, Lenny runs into his old nemesis, Dickie Bailey , who is still upset at Lenny because he allegedly had his foot out of bounds when he made the long-ago game winning shot. Dickie challenges him and his friends to a rematch, but Lenny declines, noting that Dickie is decidedly out of shape. The next day, the five friends spread Buzzer's ashes. Rob becomes depressed during this event, lamenting his failed marriages, and later says his three daughters from the past marriages are coming. After having to deal with Jasmine, Rob goes and hangs out with his friends, who were fishing. After making some jokes on Rob, the others elect to cheer him up with a game of arrow roulette. Rob remains in the circle the longest, making him the winner. His thrill of victory is cut short as the falling arrow impales his foot. That evening, Lenny discovers the kids talking on cup phones and Roxanne accidentally tells Becky that she is the "Tooth Fairy". Happy that they are enjoying the same kind of fun he had as a child, Lenny installs an extensive cup-phone network in the house. Roxanne ultimately figures out that it is more important to stay at the lake house than going to Milan. The five friends later go to a water park. There, Bean learns to drink milk out of a carton, while Marcus flirts constantly with Jasmine and Amber, having bought them skimpy bikinis. Rob assaults a ride attendant who insults Bridget for being less attractive than her sisters. Eric ignores Donna's warning about a chemical in the kiddie pool that turns urine blue, and chaos results when he makes a sissy in the pool. Later, the other friends and Eric pee in the pool and the water turns blue. Later, Lenny and the group go to the zip line and meet Dickie again, this time with his own group of friends, including Wiley , who ends up in the hospital after an accident. Lenny teaches his son how to shoot a perfect shot and the guys end the night by sharing a dance with their wives. The next day, Roxanne picks up Lenny's phone, then confronts him on lying about canceling their flight trip before she agreed on staying for the family instead of going to Milan. Eventually, everyone starts to tell the truth about their feelings and lives. On their final day at the lake house, Lenny and his buddies are challenged again to a basketball rematch by Dickie. At the game-deciding shot, Lenny purposely misses in order to allow Dickie to finally win. Before the end of the film, Marcus plays another game of arrow roulette, this time with an entire crowd of people, and everyone takes off, with Wiley accidentally getting his foot impaled by the arrow.