It is Dug's birthday. This Golden Retriever wishes that it will be the happiest day of his life, when suddenly, Kevin runs over him and Alpha , Beta  and Gamma  run into Dug. Irritated with Dug getting in their way, they come up with "special missions" for Dug to help capture the bird. However, these are just ploys to keep Dug out of their way. Alpha assigns Dug to watch a large rock and make sure it doesn't move, because it is "the bird's favorite rock". Dug accidentally causes a pebble to roll down an incline and topple the large boulder, which nearly crushes Alpha, Beta and Gamma. He is then told to sit and wait in "the bird's favorite hole". After the three dogs leave him there, Dug starts sinking down the hole, which turns out to have quicksand in it. Dug falls through it and ends up falling on top of the three dogs right as they are stalking Kevin. Dug is then assigned to sit on a rock. When Dug jumps onto a rock, following Alpha's orders, Alpha, Beta, Gamma and the rock they're standing on all start to fall. Numerous scenes follow of Alpha, Beta and Gamma getting caught or captured by traps intended for Kevin, due to actions of Dug as a result of commands given to him by Alpha. The trio is scooped up in a net; then they are shot with darts, one of which hits Beta, knocking him out. Dug then runs in a pile of rocks as Alpha, Beta and Gamma chase after him. The rocks fall down and the three scream. In pain and anger, Alpha contacts Charles Muntz in his airship to report that Dug has caused them "to not capture the bird" and that he is a "bad dog". Dug, feeling dismayed, suddenly sees Muntz's Spirit of Adventure blimp in the sky. Fearful of Muntz and emotionally hurt, Dug runs off. Gamma and Beta talk to Dug by radio and comment on how he is "gonna get it now"; Beta sarcastically wishes Dug a happy birthday. Sad and lonely, Dug runs off into a mist-laden rocky area. He sees a rock that resembles a turtle, followed by one that looks like a man. When he hears a voice saying "I see you back there", he asks if the man is okay. Dug then realizes that he has received his birthday wish: a new master . The clouds clear, the sun comes out and Dug sits proudly on a flat rock. From here the short comes full circle as it reflects the point when Dug is introduced in the film. Russell notices him and briefly thinks Dug is a rock. After the credits roll, Dug says "Hi there!" to Carl and Russell; the short ends with Carl and Russell gasping in shock.