A meteor housing a malevolent alien parasite crashes into the town of Wheelsy, South Carolina. While frolicking in the woods with Brenda , local car dealer Grant Grant  is subsequently infected by the parasite. The parasite takes over his body and absorbs his consciousness and memories.James Gunn's Formspring With the alien now in control of his body, 'Grant' begins to slowly change into a hideous tentacular slug-like monster. No one suspects Grant of the serial pet murders that have occurred around town, however his wife Starla  begins to question his health. He avoids doctors appointments and lies to keep her in the dark. Sensing her distance from her husband, Starla contacts town sheriff Bill Pardy  - her childhood crush - who attempts to reassure and comfort her while not acting on his feelings. Grant infects the lonely and neglected Brenda with hundreds of his offspring. He hides her in an isolated barn where she becomes massively obese as baby alien slugs grow inside her. Pardy leads a small group of officers on a hunt for Grant, only to be lured into a trap where Brenda explodes releasing hundreds of the alien slugs. Most of Pardy's group become infected, zombie-like creatures. The infected begin to want Starla and talk to her as if they are Grant. Before long, the rest of the town become infected by the parasites and are controlled via a hive mind connection with Grant, who plans to infect the rest of the world until he is 'all that is' as shown during a failed bonding attempt with Kylie . Kylie learns about the parasite's history. Its consciousness, however, is tampered with by the real Grant's memories and his love for his wife, Starla. Pardy, Starla, Kylie, and Mayor MacReady  try to escape detection and kill Grant. The townspeople attack their vehicle, capturing Starla in the process. The survivors, Pardy and Kylie, track Starla, only to discover the infected are melding into one giant creature. They must risk their lives to stop the infestation from spreading any further. Starla charms the monster by calling him "Grant" and telling him they can be together, but as they get close to each other, she pulls a hairbrush handle from her underwear and stabs him in the chest. He slaps her with a tentacle and knocks her across the room. Meanwhile, Pardy bursts in and tries to kill the monster with a grenade, but another tentacle knocks the grenade into the pool, where it detonates. The monster sends two tentacles to stab Pardy and infect him, and one is lodged in his stomach, but Pardy attaches the other to a small propane tank, filling Grant with gas, and Starla shoots the monster, causing it to explode. All the infected die, and the three survivors begin their walk to a hospital to see about the sheriff's wounds. In a post-credits stinger, a cat wanders across a remaining parasite, which shoots itself into the cat.