{{plot}} Barbara  paints her house red to protect her telekinetic daughter Rachel from demons. Barbara is institutionalized. Years later Rachel , living with foster parents, talks with her friend Lisa , who has lost her virginity to Eric , a football player. Lisa gives Rachel a roll of film. The football players talk about Lisa; they have a game where they sleep with girls and receive points. Mark  records their scores in a notebook. After Eric rejects her, Lisa commits suicide by diving face-first off the school's roof onto a classmate's car. The event triggers Rachel's ability, causing the lockers in the school to open. School counselor Sue Snell  talks with Rachel about Lisa; Sue spent time at the same in institution holding Rachel's mother. The discussion upsets Rachel and one of Sue's mugs falls in Carrie's lap. Sue visits Rachel's mother, learning that Rachel and Carrie share the same father - Ralph White. Eric talks with Mark, afraid he will be blamed for Lisa's suicide. He reveals they slept together and Mark assures him the information will stay private. Eric tells Mark that Lisa took a picture of them and Mark tells Eric he will deal with it. Rachel discovers she developed photos of Lisa and Eric just before Mark and Jesse  arrive. Mark tries bribing Rachel for the photographs, then offers to take her out; she rejects him. Rachel tells Sue and Sheriff Kelton  about Lisa and Eric sleeping together, giving Kelton the photograph. Kelton looks into charging Eric with statutory rape. Walter, Rachel's dog, is struck by a car. Rachel cries for help from passing cars, then stands in the road, stopping a truck. Jesse was going home after having sex with Tracy Campbell  when Rachel stops him. Jesse takes her to an animal clinic and than out for coffee. Learning that Rachel gave the photograph to Kelton, Mark, Eric and other football players go to her trailer late at night, turning off the power and breaking a window. Mark harasses her on the phone. Eric starts entering the trailer through a window. Rachel's telekinesis closes the window on Eric's hand. The boys leave when her foster parents arrive. Sue meets with Rachel. When Sue asks about moving objects with her mind, Rachel begins leaving. Sue tries stopping her; Rachel screams and a snow globe on Sue's desk shatters. Sue brings Rachel to the school that Carrie destroyed and tells Rachel about Carrie. Sue also tells her that she has telekinesis and there are places that study it. Sue tells Rachel that her father was Carrie's father, which Rachel does not believe. Jesse pursues Rachel, angering Tracy. The night the football players attacked, Jesse and Rachel had a date. Jesse convinces Rachel he was unaware of the attack and Rachel agrees to go out with him. Jesse confronts Mark about the attack and the two fight. Mark plots to humiliate Rachel for what she did to Eric, although the charges were dropped. Mark apologizes to Jesse and offers his parents' cabin so Jesse can spend the night with Rachel. The two share a romantic evening and Rachel loses her virginity. While she sleeps, Jesse whispers that he loves her. Rachel goes to a football game to watch Jesse. After the game, a football player and his girlfriend tell Rachel that Jesse is talking to a college scout and she should go to a party at Mark's with them. Jesse is sidetracked by Tracy, who attempts to seduce him. Rachel is mingling with Jesse's friends when the football players reveal their sex game and claim that Rachel was added to Jesse's list. Mark plays a tape showing Jesse and Rachel having sex, making Rachel believe Jesse never cared for her. Rachel's ability is triggered; she closes the doors of the house and kills most of the partiers. Sue has taken Rachel's mother from the hospital and gone to Mark's house. Sue reaches the door just as Rachel throws a fire poker at a boy's head, killing Sue on the other side. In Mark's father's study, Eric, Mark and Monica take harpoon guns and Mark takes a flare gun before confronting Rachel. Rachel follows the trio to the pool and makes Monica's glasses shatter, blinding her and sending shards of glass into her eyes and brain. After she is blinded, Monica accidentally shoots Eric in the groin with the harpoon gun, castrating him before they both die. Rachel hears her mother calling for her; which causes her to be distracted, Mark shoots Rachel with the flare gun. Rachel falls into the pool, causing a sensor to extend the cover. Rachel pulls Mark into the pool, and when the pool cover was fully extended, she uses his spear gun to free herself while he drowns. Rachel's mother believes she is possessed and runs from the house. Rachel prays for help. Jesse and Tracy find the house in flames and their friends dead. When Rachel sees Tracy, she kills her by collapsing the ceiling above her. Jesse urges Rachel to leave. The tape of them is still playing; when he sees it Jesse tells her he did not know they were taped. Rachel calls him a liar and hits him with the notebook, which opens to the score page. Jesse says he loves her, but she does not believe him until she hears him say it on the tape, realizing he told the truth. When the ceiling collapses over Jesse's head, Rachel pushes him out of the way and is pinned. She tells him she loves him and they share a kiss before his arm lights on fire. Jesse tries kissing Rachel again, but she pushes him out of the house before allowing herself to be consumed by the flames, smiling. One year later Jesse is at King's University, sharing his room with Walter. He has a dream that Rachel enters his room, looking as she did when they made love. They kiss before she shatters into ash. Jesse awakes and looks at himself in the mirror.