In the early 1950s, Kalique, a port in North Africa, a man  is escorted through an angry, clamouring crowd by a platoon of soldiers. They enter a fort and it is clear that he is to be executed. The commander  orders the men to line up in two rows and gives the order to fire. As the shots ring out, the scene changes to a ferry ship, the "Golden Fleece" in the docks as the passengers embark for the two days' journey to Gibralter. Amongst the crew, there is much dismay, and the chief officer, Carlos Ricco takes to his cabin with the clear intention of getting drunk. He is interrupted by an elderly gentleman, Lawrence St. James  who had come to speak his nephew, Captain Henry St. James on an unspecified, but urgent, matter. He is profoundly shocked to learn that the grief he had encountered on the ship is due to the death of the man he had traveled from England to see. He begs Ricco, to explain what has led to such an event. He learns that his nephew Henry was the prosperous owner and skipper of this small passenger ship which he captained as it ferried regularly to and fro between Gibraltar and Kalique, a port in North Africa. In Morocco, he lives with his lover, Nita {{spaced ndash}}a young, hot-blooded, exotic lady. She is 13 years younger than he and refers to him as "her Jimmy". He takes her out every night to expensive, fashionable restaurants and night clubs, where they lead a loud and wild lifestyle, and swim in the sea in the middle of the night. In Gibralter, he shares his life with Maud {{spaced ndash}}his devoting, domesticated wife, just three years his junior{{spaced ndash}}living a respectable, sober existence, and going to bed every night no later than ten o'clock with their cocoa. St James gives Nita lingerie. He gives Maud a vacuum cleaner. Both are delighted. He has found a perfect existence{{spaced ndash}}his paradise. Growing perhaps complacent, St. James makes a careless mistake. This leads to Ricco, up till then believing Nita to be the captain's wife, discovering that the true Mrs. St James is living in Gibralter. Ricco is glad to assist St. James in maintaining the deception and is soon called into action when Maud flies to Kalique and by chance meets Nita. St. James arranges to have Maud arrested before she and Nita were about to realise that they are married to the same man. He convinces Maud that Morocco is a dangerous place and that she should never return there. The years pass by. Maud has twins. She is thrilled with her two boys, but when they are sent to school in England, Maud is no longer enamoured with her existence. She wants to dance and drink gin. On the other hand, Nita wants to stay home and cook for her man. Henry is dismayed and makes every effort to keep everything just the way it was. His attempts to maintain the status quo result in both women taking lovers. When St James discovers Nico's infidelity, he leaves the flat as she continues the argument with her lover, Absalom. Nita shoots and kills her lover. To spare Nita, Captain St. James claims he was the killer. The execution is then shown, but the firing squad swing their rifles to the left and shoot their commanding officer. St. James hands them money and walks away.