In December 2002, Mikael Blomkvist , publisher of Millennium magazine, loses a libel case involving allegations he published about billionaire financier Hans-Erik Wennerström . He is sentenced to three months  in prison, and ordered to pay hefty damages and costs. Lisbeth Salander , who is a surveillance agent has been contracted to investigate Blomkvist by a lawyer, Dirch Frode , on behalf of his sole client, Henrik Vanger , the elderly patriarch of the wealthy Vanger family. Before the publisher is imprisioned, Vanger hires Blomkvist to investigate the disappearance of his great-niece, Harriet, who vanished on Children's Day in 1966. Vanger believes that Harriet was murdered by a family member. When Salander is told that her legal guardian has suffered a stroke, she is instructed to meet lawyer Nils Bjurman ([[Peter Andersson , who takes control of her finances. Bjurman, a sexual sadist, forces Salander to perform fellatio on him in return for access to her bank account. At their next meeting, he beats her, handcuffs her to his bed, and anally rapes her, not knowing that Salander is recording the incident with a hidden video camera. After Salander recovers from the rape, she pays Bjurman an unexpected visit. She stuns him with a taser and ties him up. She compels him to relinquish control of her finances and in one year's time to recommend termination of her state guardianship. Failure to comply with her demands will result in the release of the DVD evidence of her rape to the media. Salander tattoos Bjurman's abdomen with the message "I am a sadist pig and a rapist". Blomkvist moves into a cottage on the Vanger estate. Vanger tells him that his three brothers were all members of the Swedish Nazi Party. Of the three, only Harald is still living. Inside Harriet's Bible, Blomkvist finds a list of five names alongside what might appear to be phone numbers. He visits police inspector Morell , who informs him that his investigation team had been unable to decipher them. Using photographs taken during the Children's Day parade, Blomkvist believes that Harriet may have seen someone that day who may have killed her. Using her access to Blomkvist's computer, Salander interprets the meaning of the numbers next to the names and sends an email to Blomkvist. Upon discovering that his computer has been hacked, Blomkvist is directed by Dirch Frode to Salander's apartment. He convinces her to help him with the case, and she joins him at the cottage. Together, using the clue that Salander discovered, they connect all but one of the names on Harriet's list to murdered women. They are all Jewish names, leading Blomkvist and Salander to suspect that the murders were motivated by anti-Semitism. They suspect the reclusive Harald Vanger  to be the culprit, as the two other Vanger brothers had already died by the time Harriet disappeared. Salander searches through Vanger's business records to trace Harald to the crime scenes, while Blomkvist breaks into Harald's house, believing it to be unoccupied. When Harald attacks Blomkvist,, Martin Vanger appears, thus saving him. He escorts Blomkvist to his home, where Blomkvist reveals what he and Salander have uncovered. Martin drugs him. In the meantime, Salander discovers that Martin and his father were responsible for the murders. She returns to the cottage to find Blomkvist missing. Blomkvist wakes to find himself bound in Martin's cellar. Martin confesses to decades of rape and murder of women, but denies killing Harriet, saying she disappeared. Salander appears and attacks the killer with a golf club. While she frees Blomkvist, Martin flees in his car. Salander gives chase on her motorcycle. Martin drives his car off the road and dies in a fiery crash as Salander watches without attempting to rescue him. Salander reveals there were two Anita's, only one of whom died. Blomkvist flies to Australia to seek out Harriet who is living under her dead cousin Anita's name. He and Harriet return to Sweden. Reunited with Henrik, Harriet reveals that she killed her father Gottfried, who, along with her brother Martin, had been sexually abusing her. Fearing the abuse by Martin would start again when she saw him at the Children's Day parade, she had fled the estate with Anita's help. Salander visits Blomkvist in prison and gives him new information on the Wennerström case. After his release from prison, Blomkvist publishes a new story on Wennerström in Millennium, which ruins Wennerström and makes the magazine a national sensation. Wennerström is found dead, and his offshore bank account in the Cayman Islands is raided. The police suspect a young woman caught on CCTV. Blomkvist is convinced that she is Salander in disguise. The film ends with the same woman walking along a sunny beach promenade.