The film begins with Captain Jacob Stephan Chacko, popularly known as Anakkattil Chackochi  along with his friend Karimbanal Sunny  going to Pollachi to meet Andupetti Veerapandi Thevar deal a spirit business. Thevar, though initially differs to negotiate, later after knowing that Chackochi is the son of Eappachan, his old friend agrees to help them. On way back to Kerala, they are stopped at check post by John Maruthnayagam, the police officer, who happened to be the colleague of Chackochi in army. Back at home, Anakattil Eappachan , his father is a famous liquor baron, who holds almost a monopoly over spirit business over Central and South Kerala. Eappachan is always at loggerheads with Kadayadi group, his business rivals. Popularly known as Kadayadi siblings - Kadayadi Raghavan , Kadayadi Thambiand Kadayadi Baby  enjoys a partnership with Kunnel Mathachan  and his son Kunnel Outha  in their business. Eappachan, who hails from a poor background has emerged in to such a position with his hard work and struggle and he had never forgotten his roots. But time to time, he had to clash with Kadayadi and Kunnel group over business. On the other side Chackochi is enjoying his life as a planter in the company of his buddies Hussein([[Siddique  and Oommachan . He also shares a passionate relation with Gowriparvathi ([[Kausalya , the RDO  and of royal lineage. In an attempt to regain the past glory in business, Kadayadi and Kunnel clans join with excise minister Balakrishnan  and Eappachan' lieutenant Kattithara Paappi  and kills Eappachan one day. Chackochi is now forced to take charge of the business an had to face several problems from both police and rivals. Jayasimhan , the police officer, who is investigating the murder of Eappachan is also a part of the Kadayadi syndicate, which makes Chackochi to investigate the case himself. The police presents a local criminal Keeri Vasu as the murderer of Eppachan, who, with the lack of evidence is granted bail at court. Chackochi is not ready to buy this argument and smells the hands of the Kadayadi and Kunnel families in it. He also decides to give up the liquor business by handing over the entire power to his employees which shocks his enemies and friends alike. Karimbanal Sunny, his close buddy and budding politician, who was aiming Chackochi's business empire joins with Kadayadi group a day before the auction of spirit. He sinisterly sell out Hussein, who is now under the custody of the Kadayadis. Hussein is beaten up brutally, but he never reveals the business secrets of Chackochi. Within short time Chackochi reaches to save Hussein, but is shocked to see Sunny among his enemies. In the following fight, Sunny gets killed. Chackochi kills Kadayadi Raghavan, Thampi, Baby and Kunnel Outha and successfully saves Hussein and Gowriparvathi.