 Nancy Walsh is a high school graduate who is apprehensive about the future. After losing weight after having a wisdom tooth removed, Nancy notices the changes in her body and becomes obsessed with losing weight. When she commences college, she becomes withdrawn and is increasingly conscious of her weight. For example, she embarks upon a regimented exercising routine and hardly eats. At college, she closes herself up in her room, afraid of socializing with other people. She also keeps her room in meticulous order. Although most of her friends, neighbors and brother Tommy notice that she is losing a lot of weight, her mother ignores the changes in Nancy. Her brother Patrick is the first one to confront her about it and at a Christmas party, everyone is shocked by how thin she looks. They confront her and she promises them that everything is going to be okay. Her mother, Sally believes her, but her uncle convinces her that if they remain complacent, Nancy could die. Soon, Nancy admits to being anorexic, revealing that she does not know how to stop the disease. She is reluctant to be taken to the hospital, but Sally is excited for her to get help to ultimately recover. She enters a group session, but feels she doesn't belong there. Nevertheless, she refuses to eat and even goes as far as hiding food, to fake her progress. She is soon caught, and the doctor decides to connect her to a feeding tube. After a while, she makes progress, gaining six pounds. This upsets her, and because she is over eighteen, she is able to sign herself out of the hospital. Upon her return back home, she continues starving herself, much to the distress of her mother. When she finds plates with food under her bed, she confronts her and notices that Nancy is lying. Nancy resists any attempt by them to help her and doesn't even respond when she is forced to eat. Her mother asks her in tears why she is doing it, but she doesn't explain. Tommy is afraid that she will soon die. Meanwhile, she becomes extremely sick from malnutrition, and is eventually hospitalized because of a kidney disease. Her parents feel that they can't do anything but watch her die. Desperate, Sally decides to go to court, possibly winning guardianship if she can prove that Nancy is incompetent and thereby incapable of making her own decisions. Nancy is outraged when she finds out and the media attention the case is getting upsets her. She finally gives in, allowing a treatment for recovery.