The film opens with two top U.N.C.L.E. agents Napoleon Solo  and Illya Kuryakin  being attacked with missiles from small, personal helicopters while on their way to see Dr. Simon True. The attackers are with THRUSH and, though they fail to stop the agents, are the titular “Karate Killers”. Dr. True has discovered a process to extract gold from sea water. Fearing theft he hid the formula, and says that someone would have to “hunt down the four winds” to find it. But during his presentation of the process to U.N.C.L.E. he dies from apparently natural causes , and his dying words are that his daughter is the key to finding the formula. As the head of U.N.C.L.E., Alexander Waverly later informs Solo and Kuryakin that Dr. True has four step-daughters and one biological daughter . The consensus from his final words is that Dr. True sent each of his four step-daughters something that, when assembled, will mean something to Sandy and from which the formula can be discovered. So the two agents begin the search for each of the daughters to keep THRUSH from getting an unlimited supply of gold. Dr. True’s widow was having an affair with THRUSH operative Randolph, but he was only using her to get closer to Dr. True’s notes and formula. With no further use for her, Randolph orders her killed by the Karate Killers. Finding both her body and Dr. True’s biological daughter Sandy in his home at the start of their investigation, the agents recruit Sandy to come with them as they find her step-sisters. First, they visit Rome in search of Margo, who has married Count Valeriano De Fanzini. The Count is keeping Margo naked and captive in his ancestral home as he had married her for money but she had none. Solo and Kuryakin rescue Margo, fight with Randolph and the Karate Killers - who have followed them to Rome - and are saved by Sandy’s quick thinking. The Count and Margo make up after Sandy’s discovery of a hidden treasure and give the U.N.C.L.E. team the only thing that Dr. True has sent Margo of late: a photograph of himself with an obvious formula in the picture. Analysis by U.N.C.L.E. shows the formula to be nonsense, and so the agents conclude that it is one-quarter of the full formula. They next head to London to search for Sandy’s step-sister Imogen. They find Imogen arrested by a constable for indecent exposure , and Solo posts bail so they can talk to her. They all go to Imogen’s nightclub, fight with Randolph and the Karate Killers - who have now followed them to London - and are saved by constables who arrive at the last minute. Sandy discovers a similar photo of her father in Imogen’s dressing room, but with a different formula in the background. The agents leave as Imogen and the original constable are flirting. Armed with two of the four photos, the team heads to the Swiss Alps, where step-sister Yvonne lives in a hotel but is behind in her bill. Randolph, having gotten there before U.N.C.L.E., pays her debt and requests that she give him the photo of her step-father. Solo and Kuryakin have a fight with Karate Killers on skis, and Sandy saves the day be discovering the photograph before anyone else can. Yvonne and her wealthy boyfriend Carl thereafter resolve an argument and make up. Following this Randolph intercepts the team when they are leaving the Alps on an U.N.C.L.E. private jet, takes the three photos, and parachutes out leaving the rest to die. Sandy is able to escape her bonds, frees the two agents, and the plane is landed safely at the last minute. They avoid another trip as the fourth photo of Dr True has been published in a magazine. Having copies now of all four photos, U.N.C.L.E. determines that scientifically they are still nonsense. However, when the letters in the formulas are extracted and rearranged they spell “Japanese Lullaby”. Sandy has no clue what this means, but they take her to Japan anyway. Randolph, having determined the same thing, follows. The U.N.C.L.E. team is assaulted several times in Japan by the Karate Killers, Sandy is kidnapped and rescued by geishas, and she finally remembers a Japanese man who sang her lullabies as a child on a business trip. U.N.C.L.E. resources find the man, who gives Sandy the formula that her father sent him for safekeeping. At that moment Randolph and the Karate Killers, who have followed them again, overpower the team and take the formula. Randolph then takes the three of them to the THRUSH central facility at the pole , which serves as their main research and manufacturing station. By the time they get there the facility has been reconfigured to use Dr. True’s process and manufacture gold from sea water. Randolph wants to keep them alive long enough for them to see THRUSH’s success, but Solo and Kuryakin escape from their cell using explosives hidden in Solo’s shoelaces, sabotage the plant, and destroy the gold-making machinery. Randolph is killed in the process and covered in a film of gold dust. Solo, Kuryakin, Sandy, one of the geishas, and Mr. Waverly all then travel to London to see the double wedding of Imogen and the constable, and Yvonne and Carl. The Count and Contessa are also in attendance and it becomes clear that, absent a father, the girls’ “U.N.C.L.E.” has paid for the weddings.