Vedam revolves around 5 principal characters. Vivek Chakravarthy  is an upcoming rock star in Bengaluru who hails from a family of decorated army officers. His mother wants him to follow the same path but he isn't interested. He is about to give his first live concert on New Year's Eve with his band-mates in Hyderabad. However, Vivek is late to catch the flight and so the band is forced to travel by road. After sometime, one of their tyres get deflated. Not having a spare, the other friends go to get the tyre inflated leaving Vivek and Lasya alone. Meanwhile, they are attacked by a Hindu racist group. However, they manage to get out of the mess with the help of a Sikh truck driver . The band successfully reaches Hyderabad. However they suffer a minor accident there which involves a mother in labour. So Vivek takes her to the hospital. Saroja  is a prostitute in Amalapuram working for Rattamma. She has a best friend Karpooram who is a eunuch. Saroja doesn't like working for Rattamma and plans to run away from there. Her dreams come true when she receives a call from Hyderabad from one of her agents. The very next day, which happens to be the New Year's Eve, she leaves for Hyderabad with Karpooram, without Rattamma's knowledge; but not before putting the local sub-inspector Bullabbai to sleep using pills. However, Saroja is arrested in Hyderabad by constables for betraying Bullabbai. Karpooram gets frees her from the inspector and they are both taken by their agent to a client. The client turns out to be yet another broker, who bought Saroja and Karpooram from Rattamma. Both successfully escape from the broker after a scuffle in which Karpooram gets stabbed. So, Saroja takes her to the same hospital that Vivek takes the pregnant lady to. Ramulu  is a debt-ridden weaver from Sircilla. He lives with his widowed daughter-in-law, Padma  and grandson. Ramulu is desperate to get his grandson educated, being illiterate himself. However he owes money to the local landlord, who takes his grandson away saying that he would be sent to the construction business in the city for 10 years to recover the money. He gives Ramulu & Padma 3 days to clear the debt. Not knowing what to do, Padma agrees to sell her kidney, which is illegal . They come to Hyderabad and her kidney is sold successfully. The original kidney is sold for 1 lakh rupees of which Ramulu gets only 37,000 rupees. Raheemuddin Qureshi  is a Muslim hailing from Old Basti in Hyderabad. In the past, his wife suffered a miscarriage due to a scuffle between him and a few Ganesh devotees during a religious procession. Unable to bear the loss, he decides to leave the country. However during his farewell party, a police officer  comes to his house and arrests his nephews, alleging that they have links with terrorists. When Qureshi obstructs him, he arrests him too. During interrogation, one of his nephews accepts his terrorist background and says that something tragic would happen on New Year's Eve. Qureshi is shocked. When the police transports him to remand, Qureshi panicks and tries to escape. However, his escape bid is unsuccessful and he gets shot in the leg. He is then taken to the hospital and kept in the same ward as another terrorist suspect. Cable Raju  is a lower middle class guy hailing from Jubilee Hills slum living with his maternal grandmother. He loves Pooja, who is from the upper class of the society. Pooja, however, doesn't know of Raju's financial background and thinks of him to be rich. Raju has to get 2 passes for a lavish New Year's Eve party which cost almost 40,000 rupees. He tries to obtain that money by various means, but is unsuccessful. He even tries to snatch chains from women's necks, but is apprehended by the police when his motorbike hits a police van. He is taken to the police station where he meets Saroja. However, Dappu Subani  comes to his rescue and gets him freed. His grandmother, vexed at his behaviour, gives him 3,000 rupees and asks him to do whatever he wants. In a local cafeteria, he happens to see Ramulu with his money bundle and decides to steal it and thus follows him to the hospital. He successfully manages to steal the bundle from Ramulu and Padma. However, as he is about to pay for the passes, he realises his mistake, adds his own 3,000 rupees to the bundle and returns it to Ramulu. Meanwhile, a group of terrorists come to the ward housing Qureshi and free their leader. They leave Qureshi unharmed on account of his being a Muslim and start the terrorist attack. Raju and Vivek try to save as many people as possible. They even kill two terrorists in the process. Qureshi saves the life of the policeman who arrested him. In the final fight sequence, both Raju and Vivek valiantly give up their lives, trying to protect the people in the hospital. The conclusion of the movie shows Saroja deciding to change her professiion; Vivek being recognised as a national hero; Raju was dead being respected by all in his community, with Pooja coming to see him along with her mother; Qureshi being freed by the thankful policeman and Ramulu successfully repaying the money and getting his grandson back. The movie stands on an old Hindi saying, 'a true man is the one who dies for another.'