 Former dream architect Dominick "Dom" Cobb  and business partner Arthur  perform corporate espionage by using an experimental military-developed machine to infiltrate the subconscious of their targets and extract information while dreaming, their latest target being powerful Japanese businessman Saito . Tiered dream within a dream strategies are used and dreamers awaken by a sudden kick or by dying in the dream. However, if the dreamer is the one who dies, the dream "collapses". Each extractor carries a totem, a personalized small object whose behavior is only predictable to its owner, that serves the purpose of identifying dream-state or reality. Cobb's totem is a spinning top that perpetually spins in the dream state. The extraction fails due to Mallorie "Mal" Cobb , Cobb's deceased wife, whose memory projection sabotages the mission. Saito later reveals, after Cobb's and Arthur's associate  sells them out, that he was in fact auditioning the team to perform the difficult act of inception: implanting an idea or thought into a person's subconscious while they are asleep. Saito wishes to break up the energy conglomerate of his ailing competitor Maurice Fischer, by planting this idea in his son and heir Robert Fischer  to disintegrate his father's company. Should Cobb succeed, Saito would use his influence to clear a murder charge against him, so he can return to the U.S. and his children. Cobb accepts the offer and assembles his team: Eames, a conman and identity forger; Yusuf, a chemist who concocts the powerful sedative for a stable dream within a dream strategy; Ariadne, a young architecture student tasked with designing the labyrinth of the dream landscapes; and Arthur. Saito accompanies so that he knows whether or not Cobb and his team succeeded in their mission. When the elder Fischer dies in Sydney and his body is flown back to Los Angeles, the team share the flight with Robert Fischer and Cobb sedates him, bringing him into the shared dream. At each stage, the member of the team generating the dream stays behind to initiate the kick, while the other members sleep within the dream to travel a level deeper. In the first level, Yusuf's rainy downtown dream, the team abducts Fischer. However Fischer's antibody-like trained subconscious projections attack and severely wound Saito. Eames temporarily takes the appearance of Fischer's godfather, Peter Browning, to suggest Fischer reconsider his father's will. Yusuf drives the team in a van as they are sedated into Arthur's dream, a hotel, where the team recruit Fischer, convincing him his kidnapping was orchestrated by Browning. In the third dream level, a snowy mountain fortress dreamed by Eames, Fischer is told they are in Browning's subconscious, but they are, in fact, really going deeper into Fischer's. Yusuf, under assault by trained projections, initiates his kick too soon by driving off a bridge, sending Arthur's dream world into zero-gravity and causing an avalanche in Eames' dream. Arthur is forced to improvise a new kick using an elevator that will be synchronized with the van hitting the water, while the team in Eames' dream races to finish the job before the new round of kicks. Unbeknownst to the rest of the team, due to the effects of heavy sedation and multi-layered dreaming, death during this mission will result in entering Limbo, unconstructed dream space where the dreamer could be trapped indefinitely. Elapsed time in each dream level is, on average, roughly twenty times greater than in the level above it; in Limbo, the deepest level of all, 24 hours of outer-world time would be experienced as about half a century there. Cobb reveals to Ariadne that he spent "50 years" with Mal in Limbo constructing a world out of their shared memories whilst seemingly growing old together. After waking back into our outermost world, however, Mal remained convinced she was still dreaming and committed suicide, trying to persuade Cobb to do so by retroactively incriminating him in her death. He subsequently fled the U.S. and left his children behind, ostensibly in the care of his father-in-law. Saito finally succumbs to his wounds, and Cobb's projection of Mal sabotages the plan by killing Fischer, sending them both into limbo.Want to understand Inception? Read the screenplay!. Retrieved October 23, 2010. Cobb and Ariadne enter limbo to find Fischer and Saito, while Eames remains on his dream level to set up a kick by rigging the fortress with explosives. Cobb confronts his projection of Mal, who tries to convince him to stay in limbo. Cobb refuses and confesses that he was responsible for Mal's suicide: having convinced her to leave limbo by using inception to plant the idea in her mind that the world they had been living in for 50 years was not real, and hence the need to kill themselves in order to return to the real world, once back in the real world she continued to believe dying would wake her. Mal attacks Cobb but Ariadne shoots her. Through his confession, Cobb attains catharsis and chooses to remain in limbo to search for Saito. Ariadne kicks Fischer off a balcony, bringing him back up to the mountain fortress, where he enters a safe room to discover and accept the planted idea: that his father wishes him to be his own man and, accordingly, that splitting up the conglomerate might not be such a radical notion after all. All of the team members except Cobb and Saito ride the synchronized kicks back up to reality: Ariadne jumps off a balcony in limbo, Eames detonates the explosives in the fortress, Arthur blasts an elevator containing the team's sleeping bodies up an elevator shaft, and the van in Yusuf's dream hits the water. Saito, who is slowly dying on each level from the initial gun-shot wound, enters Limbo. Cobb eventually finds an aged Saito and the two remember their arrangement, presumably killing themselves and awakening to outer-world reality on the airplane. Saito honors the arrangement and Cobb passes through U.S. customs once the plane lands in Los Angeles. Just before reuniting with his children, Cobb tests reality with his spinning top, but he turns away to greet his children before observing the results. As he plays with his children the camera pans to the spinning top for the final shot, at which point the film abruptly ends.