The story begins with a flashback of Kuala's past. An herbolario  performs an abortion on Kuala , as Cesar  watches her. The abortion was a success, but when Kuala sees the aborted fetus, she becomes disturbed. In the next scene, she walks in the middle of a grassy plain, and as the heat becomes more and more unbearable, she becomes insane. As the movie returns to the present, Kuala wanders about in dirty clothes and with mangy hair. The townsfolk make fun of Kuala. She is pushed into a watering hole and almost drowns. Bertong Ketong , a leper lonely for female companionship, attracts Kuala with a rattle and takes her to his shack in the cemetery. Junior  makes friends with them, defying the prohibitions of his father, Cesar Blanco, a lawyer and a failed politician. Junior asks Berto's advice concerning his problems with an eccentric teacher, Mr. Del Mundo , who has a crush on him. Junior has problems too with his girlfriend Evangeline , who flirts with her escort during a Santacruzan. The jealous Junior leaves the procession and seeks the company of Milagros , who seduces him. The Asociacion de las Damas Cristianas is scandalized to discover Kuala is pregnant. She is forced to live under the custody of the pious Lola Jacoba . When Berto makes a clandestine visit to Kuala, she tells him of his unhappiness. Berto tells this to Junior, who resolves to help the pregnant Kuala make an escape from Lola Jacoba's house and lead her back to Berto's shack. However, Burto knows she will be taken away and returns her to Lola Jacoba, and promises to retrieve her after she has given birth. Some nights later, Kuala experiences labor pains. She finds her way to Berto's shack, at which point Berto rushes out to fetch a doctor. When the doctor refuses to help him, Berto takes him hostage but repeats he will not kill him. As Berto flees with the doctor, the doctor's wife shouts for help, awakening the townspeople who rush to follow the fleeing pair. Before Berto and the doctor reach the shack in the cemetery, however, the doctor escapes and a chase ensues. A group of policemen come to the doctor's rescue and shoot Berto. Junior sees this and is shocked; he holds Berto's dead body and cries in front of the whole town. Junior then enters the shack where Kuala has successfully given birth to a baby boy, but the labor has made her weak. Her thinking becomes lucid, and in her sanity she recognizes Junior and realizes that Berto has been killed. She also recognizes Cesar among the crowd, she asks him why he killed their child, revealing his secret. Kuala then gives her baby to Junior, and dies. As Junior leaves the shack, he stared hard at the townspeople, his parents, his former girlfriend and to everyone who were unkind to him, to Berto and to Kuala. He walks near Berto's body and stops by, as the people look on in silence. Junior leaves the cemetery with Berto and Kuala's baby.