Dr. Benjamin Stone  is a hotshot young surgeon who longs to leave the drudgery of a Washington, D.C. emergency room and finally leaps at his chance at more money  and less death as a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills. On his last day, Ben's relationship with his co-workers is presumed to be anything but a warm one. None of his colleagues will join him for a drink and a cake in his honor has an iced portion of the phrase "Good riddance, asshole" sliced out. Ben's cross-country drive in a 1956 Porsche 356 Speedster is interrupted when he crashes in the rural hamlet of Grady, South Carolina. The crash damages the fence of local Judge Evans , who sentences him to community service at a nearby hospital. Ben offers to pay for the fence, but the stern judge increases his community service each time he talks back. Defeated, he reports to the hospital, where Nurse Packer  humbles him by ordering him to clock in and out, as would a factory worker. Though upset, Ben quickly makes friends with Mayor Nick Nicholson , the town cafe's proprietor/head waitress , and Melvin , the local mechanic tasked with repairing Ben's car. Ben soon finds his clinic work to be much more laid-back than the emergency room. He has simple cases such as spots before the eyes , fishing hook impalings, and even reading mail for a young illiterate couple, whose baby he later delivers. The experience also humbles Ben when he mistreats a case of mitral valve regurgitation leading to late cyanosis in the child. The town's curmudgeonly doctor, Aurelius Hogue , orders Ben to give the boy a Coca-Cola. Dismissing Hogue's treatment as quackery, Ben calls for a helicopter to transport the boy to another facility in Athens, Georgia, to see a heart specialist. Hogue learns the boy had chewed his father's tobacco and explains the carbonic acid component of the soda would relieve his stomach ache. The two doctors finally bond when Ben saves Hogue after he suffers a near-fatal heart attack. Since Hogue is chomping at the bit to retire, Ben is urged by the folksy locals to stay - the pay is only $35,000 a year  but is made tempting by his budding romance with a tomboyish ambulance driver, Vialula , better known as "Lou." She is a single mother to four-year old Emma, the product of a relationship she had with a former boyfriend while living in New York. In the process, Ben confides that he grew up in a small town in rural Indiana, where his parents lived and died, and can't see himself confined to a small town. Ben is pardoned from community service after saving Hogue, and is free to go to California after his car is fixed. He shows signs of maturity from his experience in Grady and has become attached to his patients. Lou is also pursued by Hank Gordon , a local insurance salesman. One day, Hank waits for Ben at the mayor's lakeside lodge, where Ben has been staying. Ben expects a fight, but Hank explains that though he can't give Lou what Ben can, he's still a better man for her. After the two men talk, Ben comes to realize he's not selfless enough for a life with Lou and plans to not see her anymore. Putting career first, he leaves. On the west coast, Ben's new boss Dr. Halberstrom ([[George Hamilton  hires him at the interview, thanks to an unexpected letter of recommendation from Hogue. But Ben quickly tires of the superficiality of Beverly Hills. He's surprised by the Mayor's daughter Nancy Lee  and Hank, who have fled Grady to come to California. Hank tells Ben he took his own advice to "do what a man's gotta do." Ben, seeing an opportunity at true happiness, returns to Grady, hoping to patch things up with Lou, who takes him back.