In 1984, explosives experts working for the CIA, Captain Ray Quick and Colonel Ned Trent, are on a mission to blow up a car transporting a South American drug dealer. But when the dealer's car appears, a little girl is inside. Ray insists they abort the mission but Ned intends to see it through and allows the explosion to happen. Angered by the girl's wrongful death, Ray beats Ned up savagely and their partnership ends. Years later, in Miami, Ray is now available for hire as a freelance hit man. Desperate people contact him via the Internet and he only takes the cases that interest him. Ray specializes in "shaping" his explosions, building and planting bombs that blow up only the intended target, leaving innocent bystanders unharmed. He answers ads placed by May Munro and speaks to her often to decide if he should take the job or not. During the talks he becomes intrigued by her story coupled with the fact that he sees how attractive she is while following her. She is the only child of parents who were killed by Tomas Leon and his men. Against his better judgment and pushed by her insistence that she will infiltrate the gang with or without him, Ray is persuaded to do the job for her. Even though he has agreed, May ingratiates herself into Tomas' world as Adrian Hastings. Ned now works for Joe Leon, Tomas' father and head of their crime organization. Once the hits on their lower level guys begin, they contact the chief of police to place Ned in their bomb squad. May tolerates Tomas and plays along as his girlfriend so she can watch the hits one by one. It is revealed after the second target is killed that May has actually been forced into a partnership with Ned, whose goal was to coax Ray out of hiding. After the job in South America went wrong, Ned lost his job with the CIA. When the trap for Tomas is set, May is in the room. When Tomas is killed, it appears that May was killed as well. When Ned goes to Joe to pay his respects, he is left alive only so he can find Ray and bring him to Joe before Tomas is buried. Both Ray and Ned believe that May is dead, yet Ray still responds to the bulletin board messages. Once he responds to one, he finds is the one set up by Ned and the bomb squad. When Ray realizes it, he taunts Ned. When he goes to the funeral of Adrian Hastings, Ray finds that May is alive. She went to the funeral to see if Ray would attend. They go to the Fontainebleau Hotel where they have intense sex. In the shower, she reveals that she wanted to look at Tomas' face while he died. They finish having sex and May leaves. Meanwhile, Ned has gone to the church and learns that the person in the casket is not May. She runs into Ned in the hotel lobby and makes an excuse as to why she did not tell him that she was alive. A henchman is ordered to take her to the car and on the way she asks to use the restroom. Once there, she uses a cell phone to warn Ray. He rigs the hotel room to explode, and when Ned's henchmen enter the room, it detonates, breaking the entire room off into the ocean. In a final showdown, Ray and May are cornered in his own booby-trapped warehouse. Ned pursues them, but is done in by his own hubris when he steps on a bomb. After the entire warehouse goes up due to the chain of bombs exploding, it appears that all inside have been killed. The next day Joe reads about the incident at the warehouse. He then opens the mail brought to him and finds a necklace. It contains a picture of May's parents and then explodes. After hearing the blast and knowing all responsible for her parents' death are dead, Ray asks how she feels. To which she responds, "Better."