{{Plot}} Gigolos in Europe are being terrorized by a serial killer. In Malibu, Deuce Bigalow's wife Kate is dead from a shark attack, and Deuce is invited by his former pimp T.J. Hicks to Amsterdam where T.J. is currently pimping. Deuce goes, as he is suspected of complicity in some dolphin-related injuries in Malibu and to take his mind off of Kate. After T.J. shows Deuce his boat, or "float crib," the pair go to a coffee shop where they get high and bump into Heinz Hummer, a German gigolo. After leaving the coffee shop, Deuce finds Hummer dead in an alley, but thinks he is merely stoned and takes the dead gigolo to T.J.'s float crib, until T.J. gets back and immediately realizes that Hummer is dead. T.J. who plans to dump the body, but skeptical of Hummer's reputation of being well-endowed, pauses to unzip his pants and examine his genitalia. Unfortunately he is caught by a tour boat and is subsequently labeled by the media as a gay gigolo killer. T.J. escapes, but Deuce is apprehended and taken to the police station where he is interviewed by Gaspar Voorsboch, a police inspector who wants to know of T.J.'s whereabouts. Upon his release from the police station, Deuce finds T.J. at a restaurant and recalls that he saw the real killer walking away from Hummer's body. Deuce says it was a woman, so they both figure it was a she-john, a former client of the murdered gigolo. T.J. convinces Deuce to help find the real killer by becoming a gigolo again, visiting the former clients and "rooting" out the killer. They attend a meeting of the Royal Order Of European Man Whores , but fail to procure a list of the clients. Afterwards, they get the list from Antoine, the professional gigolo who appeared in the first film. Deuce and T.J. visit the first client on the list. While Deuce distracts the woman T.J. breaks into her residence and finds a brand of lipstick which might be the kind found on all the victims. After leaving, Deuce finds Gaspar on the street and shows him the lipstick. Gaspar throws the lipstick in the trash, but mentions that the lipstick found on the victims "is a very rare one: Lavender Love #66". As Gaspar enters the police station, his niece, Eva, approaches him and gives him his lunch. Eva slaps herself three times. Deuce helps her pick up the things she dropped, and Eva explains to Deuce that she has obsessive-compulsive disorder. Fish-enthusiast Deuce sees that she has a painting of a fish, so they go to the Amsterdam aquarium together. Later, Deuce continues to investigate different women from Antoine's book, including a woman named Svetlana who was born near Chernobyl and has a very active penis for a nose, a hunchbacked woman, a woman with a tracheotomy, and a woman with gigantic ears. While visiting Eva, Deuce is snooping around and finds evidence implicating Eva. Deuce then rushes to the police department and tells Gaspar that he thinks Eva is the man-whore killer. Gaspar is reluctant to believe this, and even drops many hints that he himself is the man-whore killer, but Deuce remains clueless. While Gaspar has told Eva that he is the man-whore killer, Deuce rides with Gaspar to the Man-Whore Awards Ceremony under the guise of protecting the man-whores there. However, to Gaspar's surprise, Eva is chasing them on a moped, and shouting at Deuce that Gaspar is the killer. Gaspar pulls a gun on Deuce and proceeds to tell him that, once, he was a man-whore hopeful. While Gaspar was observing a demonstration on how to perform a certain sex act, one of his classmates offered to let him use his penis-enlargement pump. When the demonstration ended, Gaspar was horrified to learn that the woman who was on the receiving end of the sex act was his fiancée. Gaspar became so angry that he continued to pump until his penis exploded. He blames man-whores for the loss of his fiancée and his penis, and plans to blow them all up at their awards ceremony. At the ceremony, Deuce evacuates the building and gets into a swordfight with Gaspar. Gaspar beats Deuce, but before he can detonate the bomb, the woman with a penis for a nose and the woman with the tracheotomy arrive at the stage and distract Gaspar. Deuce then knocks out Gaspar with a trophy, taking the bomb detonator from him. For his bravery, Deuce is given the Golden Boner award - an explicit statue - and the respect of his fellow man-whores. He shares a passionate kiss with Eva, and accidentally sets off the bomb when the statue's penis bumps the detonator button. Deuce and Eva then promptly leave the scene. The following day, Deuce and Eva come to pick up T.J., who has been released from jail, and tells them that he is entering a brand new prostitution market: gay man-whoring. They all walk off as the screen fades to black.