The film commences on a sunny summer day in Yorkshire when Tamsin  meets Mona . The former travels on horseback and chances upon Mona, who is resting in the grass. Opposites attract as the girls come from vastly different backgrounds. The former is from an upper-middle-class family and has recently been suspended from boarding school for being a bad influence. The nature of the 'influence' is never disclosed in the film. Mona, on the other hand, comes from a dysfunctional family, her recently-released prisoner brother, Phil , being her only living family member. Both of the girls seem to regard their lives as mundane. The new acquaintances set off together, one on horseback and the other on an engineless scooter. When Mona arrives home, she finds her brother in the pub that was once run by their mother, pouring all of the alcohol into the sink. He has undergone an extreme religious transformation during his stint in prison and regards his activity as part of his preparation for a rally for Christian converts. That night, Mona meets her lover, Ricky. They have sex in his car, after which he breaks up with her. Mona angrily turns down Ricky's offer to drive her home. The next day, Mona arrives at Tamsin's in order to escape from the rally organised by her brother. The girls begin to bond as they spend the day drinking and smoking while talking about the problems they face in their lives. Their sharing brings to light several of Tamsin's family secrets, such as the fact that Tamsin's sister, Sadie, died as a result of anorexia nervosa. The next day, Tamsin takes Mona to the place where Tamsin claims that her father is cheating on her mother with his secretary. Not only is Tamsin furious because she states that the secretary is blonde with big breasts, but also because the secretary is not very smart. Mona smashes a window of Tamsin's father's car. The girls then flee the scene, after which Mona agrees to spend the night in Tamsin's house. The next day Tamsin purchases an engine for Mona's scooter, after which they drive to a small river to swim. The girls share their first kiss while in the water, bikini-clad. The two return to Tasmin's house and Mona tries on dresses. When Mona tries on a long red dress, Tamsin states that it used to belong to her sister. She also tells Mona that she is beautiful. Mona dances while wearing one of the dresses in the yard while Tamsin plays a piece on her cello. Mona falls to the ground at the end of the song, and Tamsin kisses her passionately. Later that night, the two girls have sex in Tamsin's bed. The next day, Phil finds the girls sunbathing, Tamsin topless. She does not cover herself and merely gazes at him as he invites the girls to his rally, in which he wants to erect a large cross on the hill next to their village. The girls go and join the born-again Christians on their way up the hill. Tamsin behaves as if immediately attracted to Phil during the course of the rally. Mona and Tamsin explore Sadie's room and find a bag of magic mushrooms hidden inside a dollhouse. They take the psychedelic compounds together. Later that day, feeling the effects of the mushrooms, Mona and Tamsin go to a dancehall where they behave intimately, disturbing the mostly older patrons and prompting the bouncer to kick them out. They then go back to the river where they first kissed and declare their eternal love to each other, solemnly swearing that they would kill each other if one should leave the other. In the morning, Tamsin wakes by the river cold and shivering, and the girls leave to breakfast at Tamsin's house. Phil then arrives at Tamsin's house searching for Mona, whereupon Tamsin pretends to seduce him. He reacts and attempts to kiss her, but she laughs him off insultingly, sparking his fury and violence, as he grabs Tamsin by the neck in a fit of anger. He proceeds to lock Mona in her room, forbidding her to see Tamsin, where Mona draws a picture of Tamsin on the wall. Mona fakes suicide and Phil comes in to rescue her, whereupon Mona mocks Phil's belief in the devil and he beats her. Something in Phil snaps and he reverts to his violent behavior, kicking the born-again Christians out of the former pub, while Mona leaves the pub determined to start a new life with Tamsin. However, she arrives at Tamsin's and discovers that Tamsin is to return to boarding school. Mona also belatedly uncovers Tamsin's deception - Tamsin's sister, Sadie, is in fact alive, and did not die of an eating disorder; this was just a lie fed to Mona as part of Tamsin's idea of summer fun. Mona, feeling disgusted and dejected by the fact that she's been used as summer theatrics, leaves for the girls' special spot at the river. Tamsin finds her there and tells Mona that it should have been clear from the start that their relationship was doomed. In explaining why she lied about Sadie's "death", Tamsin tells Mona, "I'm a fantasist, for God's sake." They then slip into the water fully clothed again, re-enacting the earlier kissing scene. Mona uses this opportunity to fulfil her earlier oath, attempting to drown Tamsin, but ultimately leaving her alive, going off, instead, on her own.