Harpreet Singh Bedi , a Sikh B Com graduate with approximately 39 percent marks becomes a salesman with a big corporate computer assembly and service company, AYS. His idealistic vision of the working world shatters quickly. Within a few days, a client asks for a kick-back. Harpreet is aghast and files a complaint. But his honesty only brings him a demotion and humiliation. After making concessions to a client for the company, Harpreet realizes that sales success is dependent on the customer. No one agrees with him but Harpreet remains firm on his belief and forms his own company in Rocket Sales Corporation. Other disgruntled employees find their way to Rocket Sales — a place where even the guy who serves tea is an equal partner because he brings talent to the table. The company soon becomes successful because of its dedication to excellent customer service. The MD of AYS, Sunil Puri, becomes angered by the small company's success. After multiple attempts at contact, he finally calls and the phone at the AYS reception desk begins to ring as Rocket Sales was being managed from the AYS offices where the Rocket partners were still employed. After thoroughly insulting him and firing both him and his partners, the MD has Harpreet sign a contract handing over Rocket Sales to him and hands him his final pay of Rs. 1. However, AYS is unable to maintain Rocket Sales' commitment to customer satisfaction because of its cold and greedy personnel. The MD, realizing his downfall in purchasing Rocket Sales, visits Harpreet at his new job at Croma, an electronics store, and returns the contract to Harpreet in return for Rs. 1. He also tells him never to become a businessman again, because he will fail again. However, this is not intended as an insult, but rather as a compliment; he implies that what made Harpreet so successful was his eschewing of 'normal' business practices such as kick-backs, false advertisement, and low wages. The ending scene is the new Rocket Sales office building where a prospective worker is going in for an interview. It shows the former employees, all partners of the business, and finally closes with Harpreet smiling genially at a desk, showing that eventually honesty and hard work is a sound business decision.