The film begins in a village that was historically known to have been famous for pearls. Adolescent children, Seenu and Amaravathi, are friends who love to spend time at the village's lake, with the Seenu going on an endless search for pearls in the water for Amaravathi. While Amaravathi is the daughter of a rich man in the village, Seenu is the son of his maidservant. Amaravathi's father does not like the closeness Seenu shares with Amaravathi and warns his mother against their friendship. One day, after searching for hours, Seenu ultimately finds the 10 pearls in the lake, which he decides to take to Amaravathi. Amaravathi always wants 10 of everything - a detail that will later become an important clue in the mystery of the story. Amaravathi's father beats Seenu when he sees him trying to get to her. Later, thinking that her father has left, Seenu goes up to Amaravathi's room. But the two are caught together by Amaravathi's father who suddenly returns. Upon seeing them having fallen down on top of each other by accident, Amaravathi's father suspects a physical relationship between the two, and so he slits the throat of Seenu. He then throws him into the lake, and runs Seenu's mother over with his jeep when she ran over to try to save her son. After the credits roll, a series of macabre incidents are shown in which an unidentified person goes about cutting babies from the wombs of several 9-month pregnant mothers. Another parallel story is also revealed where Venkat  an Agent of the Special Task Force, has been taking care of his wife, Latha , for the last fifteen months due to having a self-inflicted bullet injury. But soon, Venkat is enlisted by his superiors to take on the case of the womb-raider. It is later revealed that the criminal is now after Latha, who is also 9 months pregnant! The rest of the film deals with how the womb-raider is related to the story of Seenu  and Amaravathi , why the criminal is after Latha and how Venkat saves his wife and child from the criminal.