The film begins with a succession of real-life film directors - including Michael Curtiz, King Vidor, and Raoul Walsh - refusing to helm a new Warners flick, Mademoiselle Fifi, because Jack Carson has been signed to star in it. Frustrated, fictional studio head Arthur Trent  finally decides to let Carson direct it. Seeking the perfect co-star for himself and fellow lead, frenemy Dennis Morgan, Carson finds her in the person of studio commissary waitress Judy Adams . Judy has been in Hollywood for three months without even one audition, and sneaks her way into Carson's office, where she forces him to give her a chance. A self-proclaimed liar, Carson advises her to pose as his secret bride to Morgan. He, however, does not fall for Judy's act and reveals Carson as the liar Judy did not know he was. Following an angry outburst, she leaves the studio, having felt used by the two actors for their entertainment. Moving on, Carson continues his search for his romantic interest in the film, but nobody seems to be willing to work with him. When Jane Wyman is offered the role, she even faints. Dennis suggests Carson that he should cast an unknown, because only outsiders are unaware of his image and would be willing to work with him. Judy is the first person that comes to their mind, though they do not know that - because of them - Judy has become disillusioned by Hollywood and is set to return to her home town, Goerkes Corner, Wisconsin. Both Carson and Morgan want to be the one who has discovered Judy officially, and go their separate ways to convince Judy to return to Warner Brothers and assume the role. With the help from Danny Kaye, both men, having arrived at the station at the same time to stop Judy from leaving, succeed in making Judy believe that they will help her get her big break in the movies. Carson and Morgan start by dressing Judy as a film star in order to impress Trent, the head of casting. At a shop, Joan Crawford notices that Judy is taken advantage of, and condemns both men for it, before leaving. Carson remembers that Trent likes to discover his own talent, so he dresses Judy in a number of different guises - such as an elevator operator, a cab driver and a dentist assistant - in the hope Trent will see her, appreciate her potential, and insist Carson cast the unknown. Unfortunately, all Trent keeps seeing is a pretty blonde with a goofy smile and blinking eyes. Morgan, having lost all hope, discourages Judy from becoming an actress, but she is now determined to have her big break, explaining the hard work she has done to afford acting and singing lessons, as well as moving to Hollywood. By this time, both men are now not only fighting over discovering Judy, but also for her romantic attention. Carson and Morgan attempt to arrange a screen test for Judy, and continue their schemes in order to impress her. They are stopped at the studio, but Edward G. Robinson helps them sneak in. In the studio, they arrange for Judy to perform the song That Was a Big Fat Lie on camera directed by a reluctant Ray Heindorf. The screen test undergoes technical difficulties, which startles Trent when seeing it, and it results to a nervous breakdown and a cancellation of production of Mademoiselle Fifi. As a final attempt, Carson and Morgan conspire to disguise Judy as a famous French film star with dark hair named Yvonne Amour - and an inaccurate accent - but Trent still manages to recognize her despite the great amount of media coverage that 'Yvonne' is receiving, including a meeting with Eleanor Parker and Patricia Neal and a performance of the song At the Cafe Rendezvous. Upset with all the backstage shenanigans she's been forced to endure, Judy returns home to Goerkes Corner, Wisconsin to marry long-time sweetheart Jeffrey Bushdinkle . Carson and Morgan consider stopping her, but Judy's friend Grace  makes them realize that she will be much happier with her fiance in a small town than an uncertain career in Hollywood, and they step back. Judy catches them promising another girl a career in the pictures, confirming her doubt of having been used by the actors. She leaves in tears and coincidentally shares the train with Trent, who fears that Judy is making another attempt to impress him. Now realizing her talent, Trent offers Judy a career in pictures, but she thinks he is lying as well and rejects him. Nonetheless, Trent announces that the film is back in production with Judy Adams as the only contender for the lead role. Carson and Morgan rush to Goerkes Corner to share the news with Judy, but realize that they have to interfere with her wedding, and decide to leave to let Judy lead a small town life.