{{plot}} Duke Togo - also known as Golgo 13 - is hired to assassinate Robert Dawson, the son of oil baron Leonard Dawson and the heir of Dawson Enterprises and succeeds After accomplishing a hit on a powerful crime boss in Sicily, Golgo is suddenly attacked by the U.S. military and discovers his informant has been killed by Snake, a genetically altered assassin. Aided by the U.S. Army, the FBI, and the CIA, Dawson has become determined to kill Golgo and avenge his son's death. A military force led by Lieutenant Bob Bragan attempts to ambush while Golgo is in the middle of an assignment in San Francisco, California to assassinate an ex-Nazi official. The plan fails and Bragan's entire force is wiped out. However, a dying Bragan manages to wound Golgo. Meanwhile Rita, the mechanic that supplied Golgo with his get away car is murdered by Snake. Having been consumed by revenge, Dawson has begun to allow the rest of his family to be harmed. For Snake's cooperation he allows her to rape Laura, Roberts wife and sends his granddaughter and butler to an airport to murder Golgo with a firearm concealed in a doll. The shot misses and the butler reaches for his handgun Golgo shoots the butler in the chest, a crowd gathers and Golgo walks away nonchalantly. Dawson, in a meeting with the FBI and other Business Moguls request the release of Gold and Silver, two notorious murderers who were part of a covert government operation to test the survival rate of mercenaries in the jungles of Africa. When the group refuses his request Dawson threatens to halt all operations that his company controls which include oil refineries and banks, the group agrees to his demands in fear that the economy of the country will collapse. When Laura demands to know why Dawson has refused to seek vengeance on whoever ordered the hit on Robert, he refuses to answer. Meeting Pablo, an informant for Golgo, informs him that Dawson ordered the hit on him and that he's currently in Dawson tower awaiting his advance. Pablo goes on to inform Golgo that his wife and children are being kept at ransom in the tower. Pablo attempts to shoot Golgo with an M1911 pistol only to find Golgo was already positioned. Pablo gets shot by Golgo and his body falls into a pool of stagnant water. Golgo arrives at Dawson Tower in New York City, crashing through the front door while riding a motorcycle he begins his ascent to the top floor on foot. While on the move Golgo is attacked by Snake. A brutal, yet skillful fight occurs between the two in an elevator, Golgo suffers a deep cut on his side. During the brutal duel Golgo gains the upper hand pummeling Snake into submission, an attack helicopter shoots the elevator, killing snake while Golgo hides by the edge unseen by the helicopter. Gold and Silver are then sent to ambush Golgo. During the attack Golgo counters both of them and shoots both of them in their torso. With their apparent death Golgo walks away while reloading his revolver. Gold and Silver attack once more, Golgo punches Silver's face stunning him, Gold lunges Golgo grabbing the wound he suffered earlier. Golgo bludgeons Gold on the head with the butt of his revolver, He collapses. Golgo reloads his revolver and then proceeds to shoot Gold as he crawls towards him. Silver runs towards Golgo, Golgo quickly stuffs a grenade in Silver's mouth killing him. Golgo proceeds towards Dawson. Admitting failure Dawson orders all action against Golgo to end. Golgo finally encounters Dawson at the top of his building. Following a brief monologue, Dawson attempts suicide by leaping out of the window. It is then revealed that Robert had ordered the hit on himself. Before Dawson hits the ground, Golgo shoots him in the head, Dawson falls headfirst crushing his skull and any evidence that he was shot. His death is ruled as accidental by the police. Back on the streets, Golgo encounters Laura, who has since become a prostitute. Upon recognizing him, she attempts to shoot him. As Golgo begins to leave, she fires her gun, but an unaffected Golgo continues walking.