A rich man and his wife return to their home. Upon realizing the house's power is out, they discover a large box upstairs. Upon opening the box and being horrified by its contents, they are knocked out by an unseen figure. The story shifts to Arkin, an ex-con who has gone straight and become a handyman. He seems to be well liked by his latest clients, the Chase family, especially their younger daughter Hannah. Upon completing work on the Chase house, Arkin meets up with his ex-wife whose debt to several loan sharks is due by midnight. In order to protect her and their young daughter, Arkin plans a heist at the Chase home, which houses a valuable diamond. After settling a deal with his colleague Roy, Arkin heads to the Chase house, which appears to be empty. While cracking a safe, Arkin hears another person enter the house, locking the door and trapping him inside. After avoiding the other figure, a large masked individual, Arkin tries to crack the safe again, but sees Michael, the father of the Chase family beaten and bloody. Thinking Arkin is behind all this, he picks up a golf club to attack, but it is rigged with a trap that knocks out Michael. Arkin attempts a 911 call, but the phone is rigged with another trap, and he also discovers the windows are boarded up and lined with razors. While hiding in the basement from the figure, he finds a bloody Michael, who informs him that his wife Victoria is trapped as well, but his older daughter Jill is out and Hannah is hiding. He tells Arkin there's a gun in the safe and gives him the combination. Using Victoria's screams as a distraction, Arkin gets the gun, but can't find any bullets. Upon opening the safe, he also pockets the diamond. While searching for Hannah, Arkin finds the same box from the beginning of the film in a closet. Hearing noise from it, he opens the box to find Larry, the man from the beginning, now bloody and disfigured. He explains to Arkin that the figure is a "collector" of people, and he'll kill the ones he doesn't want, like his wife. He begs Arkin to run while he still has the chance. After putting Larry back in the box, Arkin tries to escape through an open window, but later survives its booby trap which ends up killing the family's cat. Upon his return to the basement, Arkin finds Michael has been killed by The Collector. After freeing Victoria, he tells her to follow him. However, upon seeing Micheal's dismembered body, she panics and runs right into The Collector who stabs her several times and sews her mouth shut. Arkin returns upstairs to find Jill coming home with her boyfriend Chad. As the two prepare to have sex, they notice The Collector watching them. The Collector kills Chad by throwing him into the dining room  and captures Jill, who makes a 911 call just before she is taken. Arkin later frees Jill, who is quickly killed by another of The Collector's traps. Arkin breaks through the boards, and finally flees the house, but returns upon seeing Hannah in the window. He subdues The Collector and prepares a trap with Hannah in her room. However, The Collector uses Larry as a decoy, killing him. Arkin later fights The Collector, pulling off his mask before being knocked out. The Collector takes Arkin to the basement. Fearing The Collector has found Hannah's location, Arkin taunts him, who responds by torturing Arkin. Just as he is about to kill Arkin, a cop responding to Jill's 911 call arrives. The Collector disposes of him using his vicious dog, which was stationed outside. Meanwhile, Arkin frees himself and prepares to leave with Hannah , but The Collector sends his dog after them. After killing the dog, Arkin lures The Collector into his own trap  and flees the house with Hannah. They run into several approaching police officers, who take and comfort Hannah. As Arkin is loaded into an ambulance, Hannah gives him a grateful wave. A subsequent conversation between Arkin and a cop reveals The Collector was an exterminator also working at the Chase house, which promptly explodes. While being taken to the hospital, Arkin finds the diamond still in his pocket and begs the paramedic to call his wife. Before he can, a large truck slams into the ambulance, flipping it over. The driver, revealed to be The Collector, arrives and kills the paramedic. He grabs Arkin and loads him into his box, sealing him inside and driving away. In a scene after the credits, The Collector is sitting on his box watching TV. A determined Arkin can be heard screaming that he will kill The Collector once he gets out. The Collector kicks the box to shut him up.