Mr. Waverly  gives U.N.C.L.E. agents Solo, Kuryakin, Arsene Coria  from Italy, and Namana  from Africa their assignment: they are to take a top secret code to a hidden location. After they leave, Waverly sends another agent, Australian Kitt Kittridge , to follow them without their knowledge. However, THRUSH has gotten wind of the "August Affair", though the villains know little more than the name of the operation. They send Serena  to entice Solo to her apartment. After each unsuccessfully tries to find out what the other is after, he is gassed into unconsciousness and a THRUSH agent, surgically altered to look and sound like Solo, takes his place. An attempt is made to kill Kuryakin to minimize the chance of the substitution being detected, but it fails. Aboard a jet liner, the fake Solo manages to open the briefcase and photograph the code. Kittridge greets his old comrade  and makes the mistake of saying that his instincts are telling him that there is something wrong with Solo, forcing the double to kill him. Solo tells Kuryakin that Kittridge was a THRUSH assassin. Solo's latest girlfriend, stewardess Sandy Wister , is miffed that he acts as if he does not know her, but makes no fuss. When the agents reach their destination a secret, heavily-guarded underground vault in the Swiss Alps , they are told what is inside. Project Earth Save is a super weapon, designed by scientists from many nations because possible signs of an alien attack had been detected. The weapon is so deadly, even the sight of it is fatal, so they have to wear goggles. The code they have brought opens the vault, and is changed every year in August. When Namana spots Solo's missing jacket button in the briefcase, the fake Solo rips off Namana's goggles before he can warn anyone; the African agent is mesmerized by the weapon and stumbles into the vault to die. Meanwhile, the real Solo is kept prisoner not far away. He escapes, killing the head villain in the process, and heads for the vault. The double and Serena intercept him on the highway. When U.N.C.L.E. agents drive up, Serena shoots the fake Solo. Afterwards, she talks Solo into letting her go to return the favor.