In December 1983, in Los Alamos, New Mexico, a police detective  enters the hospital room of a disfigured man  and tries to question him about a recent murder for which he is a suspect. The detective concludes by telling the suspect that he will catch whomever else he is in league with; the detective is then called to take a phone call outside the room and is told that the man's daughter was just downstairs and that she left the hospital. While he is on the phone, a scream is heard, and the detective finds the nurse in shock. He looks at the window and spots the man, who jumped out of the window. The man leaves behind a note "I'm sory [sic] Abby." Two weeks earlier, Owen  is an unhappy and lonely 12-year-old boy who is neglected by his divorcing parents and continually harassed at school by bullies. One evening, when Owen is alone in the courtyard of his apartment complex, he is approached by Abby , a girl who has moved into the apartment next door. Abby tells Owen that they cannot be friends, but regardless, she and Owen grow closer and start communicating by Morse code through the walls of their apartments. At school, the main bully, Kenny , scars Owen with an antenna rod and beats him; when Abby finds out, she tells him to defend himself and she will help him if needed. Abby's caretaker, Thomas , occasionally goes out to kill local residents, revealing that Abby is a vampire and he does this to feed her. During his first murder, he accidentally spills the blood and returns home empty-handed; a furious Abby leaves, kills, and feeds on a jogger who lives in their neighborhood. One night, Thomas hides in the back of a high school student’s car in order to subdue him, but the student picks up a passenger, completely confounding Thomas's plans. While the driver stops at a gas station, Thomas subdues the passenger and tries to flee, but crashes the car in a nearby ditch and becomes trapped inside. Thomas douses his face with acid so that his connection to Abby will not be discovered. He is taken to the hospital, which leads into the opening scene; when Abby learns of this, she climbs up outside his window to see him. Thomas leans forward to offer his throat to Abby, who drinks his blood. Thomas passes out and falls to his death. As he continues to pursue the case, the detective gradually learns of Thomas' connection to Abby. The next day, on a school outing to a frozen pond, Kenny threatens to push Owen into an ice hole. Owen defends himself with a metal pole, splitting Kenny's ear. The body of the jogger Abby killed earlier is discovered under the ice, dumped there by Thomas. Later, Owen takes Abby to an abandoned area of their apartment complex, where he cuts his finger to make a blood pact with her. Abby is drawn to the blood; thirsty, she licks it up and Owen sees her vampiric form for the first time. Not wanting to attack Owen, Abby flees and instead attacks Virginia , a woman in the complex park. Owen then confronts Abby at her apartment, where she admits that she is a vampire, needing blood to live, and that she will die if exposed to sunlight. Owen also discovers that Thomas was not her father. Owen sees an aging photo booth photograph of Abby and a young boy, suggesting that she met Thomas when he was Owen's age, and that he stayed with her and took care of her. Horrified, Owen immediately leaves. Abby tries to block his way, but eventually lets him go. Meanwhile at the hospital, Virginia transforms into a vampire, but when a nurse draws the curtains, the daylight causes her to burst into flames, killing them both. Abby visits one night while Owen's mother  is away. Owen opens the door for her but she tells him that she needs him to invite her in. He asks her why, so she enters without an invitation. She immediately begins to bleed profusely through her skin. Owen panics and shouts that she can come in. She reveals that she might have died if he hadn't given permission, but that she knew he would relent. The next morning, the detective knocks on the door of Abby's apartment. He hears a small noise made by Owen and forces his way in. Owen hides, but the detective finds Abby asleep in the bathtub. When he removes the paper and cardboard covering the bathroom window, Abby's exposed leg begins to burn, awakening her. She attacks him. As she drains his blood, Owen looks on but decides to close the door rather than intervene. Abby tells Owen she will have to leave town, and he watches sadly as she enters a taxi with her few belongings. During an evening swim class, Kenny, his older brother Jimmy , and their friends create a diversion to get the coach out of the building, then they frighten the other students into leaving. They corner Owen and threaten him with a knife. Jimmy tells Owen that if he can hold his breath underwater for three minutes, he will merely cut Owen's cheek; if Owen cannot, he will poke out one of Owen's eyes. Owen stays underwater nearly to the limit of his breath, when a severed head falls through the water in front of him and the pool becomes clouded with blood. Owen comes up, gasping for air, as Abby slaughters the remaining bullies. Abby and Owen flee. Owen leaves town in broad daylight on a cross-country train. He is traveling with a large trunk. After the conductor leaves him, knocking inside the trunk taps out a message in Morse code. Owen knocks a response on the side of the trunk.