Bunny and the Bull is a road movie set entirely in a flat. Stephen Turnbull  hasn’t left the house in months. When an infestation of mice wreaks havoc on his daily routine, he finds his mind going back to a disastrous trek round Europe he undertook the previous year with his best friend Bunny . As the story progresses Stephen reconstructs the journey using objects found around his flat, while hallucinations of several people from the journey trouble him. The journey begins with Stephen attempting to declare his feelings for Melanie , the love of his life, in a restaurant; unfortunately she had put him firmly in "the friend zone". To help lift his spirits Bunny proposes that they go on trip around Europe. When they go to visit the local bookmaker, Bunny convinces Stephen to break the habit of a lifetime and take a risk by putting fifty pounds on a rank outsider. They win and then use the £2,500 winnings to pay for the trip. Along the way they stumble across several interesting characters including: a demented dog-loving tramp , an alcoholic ex-matador , a dull tour-guide  and a superstitious waitress Eloisa , with whom both Bunny and Stephen start a relationship. Stephen is a nervous vegetarian who prepares himself well for every journey—he is definitely the more sensible of the two friends. Bunny is slightly crooked: loves a bet, loves alcohol and definitely loves sex. Later on in the film Bunny's gambling ways eventually lead him into losing a suit that he stole from the former matador to a gypsy . This all happens as soon Stephen has had intercourse with Eloisa . Bunny begs Stephen to help him which he agrees to eventually . Eventually the duo catch a train ; Stephen starts becoming firm with Bunny and tells him he has never really achieved anything and that the only reason they went to Spain anyway was to fight a bull. Bunny says that if Stephen wants him to fight a bull then he will. Bunny finds a large bull which is made from clockwork and household objects. After fighting the bull for awhile Bunny begins to leave, at which point the bull charges towards him and as it does it becomes real, its horns goring Bunny in the chest causing him to fall down dead. Stephen, possibly blaming himself for his friend's death, hasn't left his house since. Back to the present Stephen is imagining Bunny sitting by his side talking to him about women. Bunny advises Stephen to talk to Eloisa. Stephen gives her a call  and after this gets ready to leave the house still seeing Bunny in a vision. Bunny asks if he can put a bet on a horse and tells him its a shoo-in and is worth betting his whole house on. Stephen turns around to Bunny one last time before leaving to find that Bunny has disappeared. Stephen steps outside venturing out into the world once again and shuts the door behind him. The credits roll.