Vivek  does his MBA degree from Pondicherry University. Even while as a student, the main ambition of Vivek is to get married as soon as he is back home after his studies. Vivek has a circle of very close friends of four, with whom he discusses everything. Navya Nair appears in a cameo role in the film as his dream wife. Prominent among these friends is Teresa . Teresa and other friends advises Vivek not to get married so early and to wait till he finds a job, but Vivek had already made up his mind. Vivek's parents, Adv.Ananthan Menon ([[Siddique  and Adv.Nandini ([[Rekha  lives separated at adjacent flats in the same apartment. Vivek returns home after studies. Vivek stays on each of his parents private apartments on alternate days. Vivek loves his parents so much and wishes to rejoin them somehow. The spoiled brat child, Vivek is called as Anathutten by his father Ananthan and Nanthutten by his mother Nandini. Suraj Venjarammoodu plays the role of Adv.Mannanthala Susheel Kumar, an assistant advocate to Adv. Ananthan Menon. A phone-in programme encounter with Kavya aka Tinku , a radio jockey, and Vivek, results in loss of Kavya's job. Some strange circumstances lead to the marriage of Vivek and Kavya, without knowing each other that they are the same people who clashed on the FM radio channel. Vivek expects Kavya to be an orthodox and simple wife of his dreams and Kavya turns out to be otherwise. Vivek discovers on the first night after marriage, that he is the same person that caused Kavya lose her job at the FM station. Vivek decides to reveal the truth to Kavya one day but he couldn't do it. Kavya gets rejected at other FM channels due her notorious happening at her previous FM station. Vivek finds that he did not clear his MBA degree exam and subsequent quarrel with his father, leads to his way out from his father's house. Vivek is now out of his own house without a job or money to survive. Teresa helps Vivek and Kavya to get a rented house next to Teresa's house. Vivek finds difficult to do his responsibilities as an husband but he hates to accept that. Kavya doubts Teresa's over friendly attachment towards Vivek which results in quarrels among them. She is also worried of Vivek's lack of responsibilities and sufficient care for her and her feelings. Kavya also discovers from Teresa that it was the because of Vivek, she had lost her earlier job. Kavya decides to leave for her own home, but promises to stay with him and Vivek's parents who are reunited now. After a month, Vivek and Kavya files a joint petition at the court for their divorce. Vivek plans to leave for Dubai, but Vivek and Kavya discovers their emotions towards each other at the end of the film and all is well now.