The plot follows the story of college student Eun-shik and his efforts to impress a Junior student Eun-hyo. Eun-shik has a habit of finding himself in somewhat awkward situations that often embarrass him and sabotage his attempts to impress Eun-hyo. After mandatory military service for 2 years, Eun-shik transferred to National University where he plans to major in Law. He stays with other 3 roommates; most of them are carrying typical characteristics of freshmen in college where they try to hit on girls, give a leer at girls in swimming pools, gyms, and such. Eun-hyo is an aspiring national aerobic athlete. She first noticed Eun-shik, an awkward weirdo, in college canteen while he stares at her tightly clasped thighs protruding from lower mini-skirt. With a mischievous intention, she then spreads her legs in a jerk, and a glimpse of her white panty made him throw his meal out of his mouth. Since then their awkward encounters follow. Although Eun-hyo sympathizes with Eun-shik's one-sided love, she eventually picked one of the hottest guy in college, Sangok, who is an apple of every girl eyes. While having a relationship with another aerobic athlete, Sangok spent one night with Eun-hyo, which leads them to accidental pregnancy stage. As a typical rich spoiled brat, he only offered money to abort the pregnancy. Dejected, Eun-hyo run away and tried to solve the problem by herself. The doctor from clinic requires her to accompany someone in charge of her situation to do the procedure. She then turned to Eun-shik for his help, who initially thought he has got a date to go out with her. After the procedure, he helped her everything; her post-operational fever, her meals, and such. He even tried to entertain lest she is upset about her recent breakup. Finally the day of national aerobic competition came. Eun-hyo managed to come to the stage in the last minute where she performed to her best. After the competition, she gave in all her toughness and mentality. She went to the restroom, cried, and got bleeding from her womb which recently got an abortion operation. Eun-shik then came in and sent her to hospital. Out of frustration and deep-seated hatred, he searched Sangok who initiated all of this trouble. He found Sangok having a good time after the competition. He told Sangok about Eun-hyo's recent tragedy and punched him in the face. In the end, Eun-hyo after discharged from hospital, asked Eun-shik if he still remained the same about his feeling toward her.