The film focuses on the cast and crew of a new TV series called Manhattan, which is shot on location in New York City. Mel Wexler is a successful producer who has become a workaholic since the death of his family in a plane crash. Trying to forget his loss, he throws himself on producing Manhattan. For the lead role, he tries to cast the feared film star Sabina Quarles, who has a reputation of being hard to work with. She initially declines, explaining she is too good for television. However, because of her past with Mel, she finally accepts the role. They soon start a relationship, but he remains suspicious of her constant visits to San Francisco. She is reluctant to explain why she is going there every month, which makes him think she has an affair. Meanwhile, playing her stepson in the series is Bill Warwick, an actor who is a sex symbol. He is married to Sandy, but because of his image, he has to keep their marriage a secret. Sandy was once a great actress, but her drug addiction has turned her into a street prostitute, ignoring her work. He thinks a co-starring role could help her going towards the right path, but she fails to show up at her audition. The role eventually goes to Gaby Smith, a rich actress who graduated from Yale. From the very beginning, Bill is upset that his wife wasn't given the role and as a result, treats Gaby very badly. This makes her very sad, constantly trying to win his trust over. The only colleague supporting her is Jane Adams. Jane at first hesitated to take the role, because it required her to move from Los Angeles to New York City. Her husband Dan doesn't approve of her acting career and she is therefore a victim of domestic violence. Her teenage daughter Alexa thinks Jane is the cause of the family falling apart and doesn't want to have anything to do with her. While shooting the series, Jane starts a relationship with co-star Zack Taylor, who also bears a dark secret. Three years ago, he spent the night with a girl. It later appeared her mother taped their night and that she was a minor. Since then, she is blackmailing him for money. Jane feels bad for him and decides to get the video tape by posing as a cop and threatening to sue the girl's mother. It eventually turns out to be that the girl was already 18 years old. One night, Sandy is in trouble with a drug dealer and calls to Bill for help. He realizes she will never be the same and decides to file for divorce. However, the same night she is murdered and Bill becomes the prime suspect. Gaby tries to help him by delivering him a false alibi, but that only makes him look more suspicious. Although she delivered him even more trouble, he apologizes to her for being mean to her and they eventually start dating. Meanwhile, the crew of Manhattan decide to shoot a death scene of Bill's character, in case he is found guilty. However, his innocence is eventually proven and he remains on the series. Meanwhile, Jane is at one point held hostage by her ex-husband, because he found out about her relationship with Zack. Alexa, who was currently staying at Jane's, walks in on them and she realizes that actually her father was the bad guy. At the end, Sabina admits to Mel that she was once impregnated by a politician and gave birth out of wedlock. The son turned out to be a very sick boy and he required the best doctors, who were only available in San Francisco. When Mel finds out, he proposes to Sabina and invites her to live with them.