Stacy Collins  is a shy 16-year-old high school student who secretly had been in love with Bobby Tennison  for two years. She is surprised when he shows a romantic interest in her, considering he is a senior wrestler and the most popular guy in school. They soon start dating and find out that both their fathers had abandoned them. Stacy is upset that her mother is dating men who treat her very badly. After a few weeks of dating, Bobby starts showing possessive behavior. He is jealous whenever another guy approaches Stacy or talks about her inappropriately, and he doesn't want her to hang out with her friends when they are together. At first, she doesn't suspect that there is anything wrong, because he immediately apologizes after getting mad at her and tells her that he loves her and gives her gifts. After having sex with Bobby for the first time, she promises to him that they will be together forever. She also agrees not to hang out with other people anymore if he is not present. At school, boys start to notice her when Nicki convinces her to wear a mid-thigh high skirt for Bobby and the boys make comments about her looking hot. This outrages him, who furiously calls Stacy a slut and demands that she wear proper clothes and forces her to change the skirt right there in the school bathroom and into some track pants. She tries to explain that she was only dressing up for him, but he gets mad at her and slams her into the wall. Back at home, her mother, Laura , worries that she is spending too much of her time with him, but she assures her that she loves him. Meanwhile, her best friends, Nicki  and Val , also grow concerned about her relationship with him. Nicki is informed that he used to beat up his former girlfriends and maintains a history of being abusive in his past relationships and she notices that Stacy has several bruises on her body. She confronts her, but Stacy becomes angry and defensive. By accident, Stacy meets Bobby's mother; he catches them talking to each other and becomes furious and violent. Upset, she refuses to see him again and later takes it out on her mother, calling her irresponsible. He later wins her trust back by telling her about the alcoholism that runs in his family. They are happy for a while, but trouble begins again when he sees her talking to another guy at the school dance. He pulls her outside into the parking lot and slaps her for talking to another guy, and they are caught by Nicki. She then confronts Stacy about how bad he is treating her but Stacy defends Bobby saying he's been through a lot and when Nicki flat out says Bobby doesn't love her , Stacy then says, "Then you don't know what love is!" Stacy refuses to see the truth, but later realizes that he isn't treating her right and she ends their relationship. He tries to win her back by offering for them to just be friends, but they are soon estranged when he hears that she was talking to another boy at a birthday party and therefore slaps her again despite her no longer being his girlfriend. Later that night, Bobby, accompanied by his friend Vince Fortner , convinces her to get into his car for a ride. He drives to the woods and walks off with her to be alone; and the next day, she is missing. Most people guess that she hitchhiked and was murdered, but Laura suspects that Bobby has something to do with it after she finds Stacy's purse in his room. Nicki is also convinced that he is responsible for Stacy's disappearance and asks Carla , a witness on the night that she disappeared, for information. Her reluctance to tell what happened frustrates Nicki. Accompanied by Laura, she goes to the police, informing Laura and Detective Anderson how abusive Stacy's relationship with Bobby was. Carla eventually talks to them as well, admitting that Bobby and Vince took Stacy to the lake. Bobby and Vince are arrested and Bobby blames Vince for Stacy's disappearance. When confronted by this lie, he admits that Bobby was the one last seen with her and later told him that 'if he can't have her, no one's gonna'. Detective Anderson is then convinced Bobby killed her when Stacy ended the relationship and when he confronts him, he admits that he slit her throat when she refused to get back together with him and then threw her body in the lake. Stacy's body is soon found and Laura and Nicki are left in tears. A court trial follows with all the friends finally stepping up and exposing the abusive ways that Bobby treated Stacy, with Nicki saying how she deperately wanted to oust Bobby, but was afraid of losing Stacy's friendship if she were to say what Bobby was doing to her. Bobby is eventually found guilty and sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. The judge  tells the witnesses to tell someone if a friend is being abused instead of standing by and doing nothing implying how it could have saved Stacy from getting killed. Later, a distraught Nicki clears out Stacy's locker and cries hysterically as she looks at the pictures of them, remembering their friendship and guiltily wishing that she'd done something sooner so as to save Stacy from Bobby's wrath. The movie ends with Nicki and her boyfriend leaving a bouquet of roses on the sand at the lake in honor of Stacy's memory.