The film starts in 1985. Cecil Jacobson is a successful doctor, running his own reproductive genetic center. He is earning respect of all doctors and is even nicknamed 'The Babymaker'. Nobody knows that he secretly uses his own sperm to impregnate his patients. One of his patients is Mary Bennett, a woman desperate to have a baby. She is unable to become a mother, however, because her husband Greg underwent a vasectomy. She is directed there by her friend Nita, who also had an artificial insemination. Greg isn't enthusiastic about the idea, but Mary convinces him to talk to Dr. Jacobson, explaining it might be their only chance. Greg has trouble accepting the insemination requires an anonymous donor and admits he isn't ready to be a father. Mary's mother instincts make her decide to still have the insemination and yet again, Dr. Jacobson uses his own sperm samples. Meanwhile, Mary's friend Sue thinks she is thirteen weeks pregnant, when she suddenly bleeds. She contacts Dr. Jacobson, but he assures her there is nothing wrong and he even shows her the shape of the baby on the ultrasound. Sue, still doubting that there is something wrong, contacts a second doctor, who reveals that she is not pregnant and that the so-called shape of the baby is actually fecal matter. She finds out that there are cases of several people who have gotten a false-positive pregnancy test at Dr. Jacobson's facility. She wants to confront him, but her husband pressures her to pretend as if nothing has happened. to see how far Dr. Jacobson will go with the lies. She does inform Mary, however, but she is reluctant to believe her, because she had just gotten a pregnancy confirmed. Sue and Bill later confront Dr. Jacobson, and he blames the false claim on the equipment. However, he does insist that there is fetal matter in her body, which means that she was indeed pregnant. Sue warns Mary about the doctor, but she refuses to believe her and they are soon estranged. It turns out that Mary was pregnant and she eventually gives birth to a boy. Five years later, Dr. Jacobson is charged with making people believe that they are pregnant. Mary thinks that they are false charges and blames it on Sue and Bill. A court trial ensues and soon rumours are spread that he used his own sperm for inseminations. Mary is determined to find out if he is the donor and soon starts to notice similarities between her son and the doctor. Greg advises her to leave it behind her, explaining he doesn't want their son Jesse to get involved with the trial. The hatred Mary feels for Dr. Jacobson starts to grow, but Greg forbids her to testify against him. She doesn't listen to him, however, and with the help of Sue, she goes to court in disguise. After giving an emotional testimony, Dr. Jacobson admits to the charges, but insists he did it for health reasons. He is eventually found guilty in all charges. In the end, Mary and Greg make up and Sue announces that she is pregnant. In the aftertitles, it is announced that Dr. Jacobson was sentenced to jail for five years after being found guilty on 46 counts of fraud and 6 of perjury and was recently freed on bail pending appeal and that Sue gave birth to a healthy boy.