Krishnakumar is a resident of an agraharam in Kalpathi. Along with his studies, he pursues a career as a percussionist and teaches the mridangam to local students. He is in love with a girl—the daughter of a family friend. Their relationship is not only approved, but supported by both families. Kichu moves on to the city of Kochi  to enroll at an engineering college. The villain - Sudhi ([[Bala  - is a senior student and the youngest of three brothers ; he pursues a real estate business and routine crimes associated with it. In all his villainous endeavours on the campus he is supported by his brothers. The main support for the villain family from 'the system' is a police officer ([[Vijayaraghavan . The story takes its form when Anjana , the daughter of the police officer, joins the engineering college. Sudhi is in love with her and to win her love plays the gentleman, concealing and temporarily stopping all his villainous activities. Kichu, as is expected, wins the heart of the girls in the college from almost day one. Sudhi suspects that Anjana is attracted to Kichu. So he moves fast and sends his brother with an official proposal to Anjana's family. Her parents accept the proposal and force the reluctant daughter to agree to it. But she stipulates a condition: there will be no marriage immediately. Sudhi has to wait for four years  for the marriage; she will have her freedom for these four years. The 'freedom' of Anjana and the way she exercises it make jealous and suspicious. He wants to scare Kichu out of the college. He arranges an attack on him at the college hostel. Kichu is severely wounded. At the end of the attack, when apparently he receives a blow on his head, Kichu appears to turn mad and attacks his own friend who tried to rescue him. He is admitted to a hospital and it is revealed that he has what the doctor in the movie says a 'Flashback Phenomenon'. He had to witness the death of his younger brother, while young, hit by a bus, and traumatic incidents like this will turn him violent. His prearranged marriage has been disapproved by his would-be's family following this. His own family doesn't want him to go to the college anymore. But his father  supports him and urges him to go back to the college and asks him to win his life. What happens after this is an unbelievable change in the character of Kichu. A hitherto simpleton now turns a super hero. The villain welcomes him back at the college with an attack. Kichu, the now fearless super hero, gives a difficult-to-believe show of stunts. Sudhi's brothers turn in for help. Kichu sends the eldest brother Sai Kumar to hospital, mortally wounded. He is put in the ICU for observation and is reportedly in a coma. The villain's ally, Vijaya Rakhavan, arrests Kichu and takes him to the police station. Here Kichu learns that he is going to be transported to the sub jail where his murder is planned. Kichu turns violent and storms the police station. He is hit by a policeman from behind and he apparently falls unconscious, but it is only an act. He is rushed to the hospital, where he makes his escape. The villains kidnap Anjana. In the final stunt at a construction site of a multistoried building, Kichu beats numerous stuntmen and tells Sudhi the truth about Kichu and how he wants to see Sudhi become a good person towards Kichu. But Sudhi, who is still angry, denies and tells Kichu that he doesn't want a life. So Kichu lets go of his hand and Sudhi dies. Kichu walks away with Anjana as the credits start to roll.