The story follows the saga of a 35-year old teacher who quickly falls in love with a 13-year old student she comes to believe is her soul mate. The 13-year old student is a troubled artist Vili . Their relationship begins in Mary Kay's classroom, when she sees that Vili is a very talented artist. She later confides in him that her father, whom she loves very much, has cancer. Her husband, Steve Letourneau, was not supportive by this information at all, simply asking Mary Kay sarcastically what he was supposed to do about it. As Mary Kay begins to trust Vili more and more, the more his forceful his flirtation becomes. In addition to being a married woman, Mary Kay also has four children. When the relationship becomes serious with Vili, they begin to have inappropriate intercourse over a period of a few months. This affair results in Mary Kay's unexpected pregnancy, when before Mary Kay said that she couldn't have any more children. Mary Kay's husband has suspicions about the relationship, but does not say anything. Vili buys Mary Kay a pager, and they continue a sexual relationship. Steve, Mary Kay's husband, soon finds out about the pregnancy, and is very angry that she tried to pass it off as his child. He hits Mary Kay, and it is left for her oldest son to call 911. When she goes to the hospital, Vili is there to see her, and she tells him that nobody can know what went on between them, and that, "...not even a kiss can be told..." Vili says that he will not tell on her and shows her a drawing that he made of a heart, and that someday he hopes they can be together. Mary Kay is arrested soon after that after Vili refuses to stop seeing her. Steve calls the police and Mary Kay is taken away while teaching a class at school. After a forcible confession from both Mary Kay and Vili, Mary Kay is ultimately sent to prison for the rape of a minor. The reason that Vili broke was because he was told that he would not be in any trouble. Mary Kay is eventually released after pleading her case to a sympathetic judge, who is adamant that Mary Kay be sent to treatment and not have any contact with Vili. The judge then explains to her that if Mary Kay violates her parole conditions, the original sentence of seven years would remain intact for her to adhere to. Mary Kay and Vili continue to speak on the phone, however, and on the day she is released, Vili sent Mary Kay their number code for "I want you". Vili tries to get Mary Kay to skip town with him so that they can be together. Mary Kay refuses, saying that, despite the fact that her husband divorced her and that he took her kids away, they will still need her. Finally, Mary Kay finds a way to see Vili in public in a mall by wearing a hat and sunglasses. Vili playfully remarks that Mary Kay looks a bit older, much to her discouragement. Mary Kay tells Vili that she has a present for him, and very soon they are having sex again. She finally consents to leaving town with him soon after. Shortly after affirming that she will leave town with her child lover, she and Vili are ultimately found in the back of a car seat together with a passport, a large sum of money and baby clothes, presumably for the baby girl Vili had fathered with Mary Kay. Mary Kay was given a prison sentence, and was released in August 2004. In October 1998, she bore Vili's second child in prison.