Peter Highman  is a high strung architect on his way home from Atlanta to Los Angeles to be present at the birth of his first child with his wife, Sarah . In the opening scene he recalls a dream about being in a forest with his wife, who is in labor. He's unable to reach her and help deliver the child, but a grizzly bear ends up helping by chewing through the umbilical cord. Once on the plane, Peter learns that Ethan Tremblay , who had just prior to boarding at the airport, been a passenger in a vehicle that knocked the door off the limo Peter had been in, is sitting behind him in first class. After inadvertently using the words "terrorist" and "bomb", Ethan gets Peter shot by a Federal Air Marshal with a rubber bullet. Both Peter and Ethan are forced off the plane before take-off. After being questioned by security, Peter discovers that he has been placed on the No Fly List and will have to find another way to get to California. After realizing that he had left his wallet on the plane, Peter reluctantly agrees to travel with Ethan, a bumbling, annoying but well-meaning aspiring actor hoping to make it in Hollywood, to Los Angeles. Ethan is on his way to Hollywood with his dog Sonny after his father's funeral, and is carrying his father's ashes in a coffee can for the duration of the trip. After stopping in Birmingham, Alabama to purchase marijuana, Peter and Ethan realize that they only have $60 in cash between them. Peter decides to have his wife transfer him money. Since he doesn't have any legitimate I.D on him, Peter has his wife transfer the money in Ethan's assumed last name. Once at Western Union, Ethan realizes that the money has been sent to his stage name instead of his real name, Ethan Chase, the name printed on his I.D. The Western Union employee ([[Danny McBride  refuses to accept Ethan's head shot as proof of ID and declines the transfer. Frustrated, Peter verbally attacks the man &mdash; a wheel chair-bound veteran who ends up assaulting him and Ethan. After spending the night at a rest stop, Peter decides on the spur of the moment to drive off and leave Ethan there while he washes up in the rest room, only to return several minutes later after wrestling with his conscience and coming close to throwing Ethan's father's ashes off an overpass. Ethan ends up driving while Peter gets some rest. After driving a while, Ethan falls asleep at the wheel and crashes the car. At a Dallas hospital, Peter, who has a broken arm and three cracked ribs, is picked up by his friend Darryl . Again, Peter decides to part company with Ethan, but Daryl persuades him otherwise. Stopping at Darryl's house, Peter finds out during the course of the conversation that nine months prior, Darryl and Sarah had spent a weekend together. This leads Ethan to suspect Darryl of being the father of Sarah and Peter's unborn child. After a mere eight minutes in the company of Ethan, Darryl throws him out of his home. Darryl lets them use his Range Rover and, while driving, Ethan smokes copious amounts of marijuana as Peter dozes. The smoke fills the interior of the vehicle, intoxicating Peter, causing him to hallucinate and sees Ethan as the bear from his dream. The two accidentally end up at the United States-Mexican border in El Paso when Ethan mistakes the 'Mexico' sign at the border crossing for a 'Texaco' gas station. Despite assurances to Peter that he'll handle the situation, Ethan flees from the border checkpoint and leaves Peter to be arrested for possession of marijuana. The Mexican Federal Police takes Peter into custody, but Ethan breaks him out, stealing a border patrol truck & causing several highway car crashes in the process. The duo stop at the Grand Canyon, where Ethan says goodbye to his father and scatters his ashes. Peter confesses that he tried to leave Ethan back at the rest area and apologizes, but Ethan forgives him since he didn't go through with it. Ethan then decides to make a confession of his own and reveals that he has been holding onto Peter's wallet the whole time, in order to get him to travel with him, so he wouldn't have to do so alone. Peter attacks Ethan in a fit of rage. Sarah calls during the attack to inform Peter that her water has broken. Peter and Ethan immediately begin to speed to California. Along the way, Ethan accidentally shoots Peter with a gun he finds in the truck's glove compartment. Peter refuses to stop for medical attention and instead insists that they continue on to the hospital in L.A. They eventually stop to bandage his gun wound and, with Ethan freaking out, Peter suggests that they are merely acting out a scene in a movie. Arriving at the hospital, the two walk around trying to find Sarah's room. Peter mistakenly enters the room of another pregnant woman, sees the baby, and truly believes that Darryl was the father of Sarah's child, until he discovers his mistake. They enter Sarah's room and, while she is in labor, Peter passes out from loss of blood. Peter and Sarah's healthy daughter &mdash; indisputably Peter's child &mdash; is seen later in the nursery. Ethan recounts to Peter that he had assisted in Rosie's birth by cutting the umbilical cord, thus alluding to Peter's dream. The two go their separate ways with the promise that Peter will call Ethan to keep their friendship intact. At the end of the film, Peter, Sarah, and Rosie watch an episode of Two and a Half Men, in which Ethan has landed a role.