The cartoon opens with Casper sitting beside his grave which is decorated with a prorate with the Bible segment 'love thy neighbor', reading a book on animal friends. While the ghosts at the cemetery where Casper is buried are getting ready around midnight to go off and scare people, Casper is trying to make friends with animals instead of humans. The ghosts leave the cemetery, as does Casper, who wanders off looking for friends in a couple animals. However, when Casper tries to make friends with a baby calf, it runs away, calling for its "mama"; when the mother goes up to Casper, it runs away from the farm and over the moon. Later, Casper comes across a skunk and asks it to be friends, but it just sprays him and runs away. After cleaning himself, Casper sits on a log and ultimately cries because none of the animals want to be his friend. While Casper is sitting on the log, he catches the attention of a small fox cub who feels sorry for Casper's sorrow. Casper and the little fox quickly bond and he names the cub "Ferdie" and considers him to be his very best friend. Casper and Ferdie's relationship is put in tremendous jeopardy, however, while they are playing a game of Hide and Seek. While Ferdie is hiding, a hunter and two of his hunting dogs come and try to kill little Ferdie. They pursue him as fast as possible until he is out of breath and starts panting. While the hunter is firing gunshots towards Ferdie, Casper notices they are trying to kill him and flies in the hunter's direction, and demands that he leaves Ferdie alone. When the dogs and hunter see Casper, they flee in terror. Casper begins to look for Ferdie to tell him that everything is fine, however Casper finds that he's too late and Ferdie is dead, for the bullets went through Casper and killed Ferdie. Casper starts mourning because he lost "the only friend he ever had in his whole life." Casper returns to the cemetery where he has buried Ferdie next to his own gravestone. Casper begins mourning until he sees that Ferdie has returned as a ghost himself. Upon realizing this, Casper screams for joy because he has been reunited with Ferdie and the short ends with the narrator simply saying that "Casper and Ferdie lived happily ever after."