While investigating rumors of a mystical "healing earth" whose powers are said to flow forth from the sacred Gudjara Mountain, geologists Philip and Betsy Ames  are killed in a cave-in, leaving their young daughter Janet an orphan. Janet is adopted by Shaman, a woman of the native Zambouli tribe , and because of a prophecy about the cave-in  she is viewed as a child of the gods and renamed Sheena, Queen of the Jungle. As she grows up, Sheena  learns much from Shaman about the lore of the jungle and the ways of all its creatures. She is even entrusted with the secret of telepathic communication with the animals. Outsiders rarely disturb their territory, since that part of Tigora is under the special protection of King Jabalani .  But trouble is brewing in Tigora; the King's ex-football champion younger brother Prince Otwani ([[Trevor Thomas  is conspiring with his brother's fiancee, Countess Zanda , to have Jabalani assassinated so that they can exploit the titanium-rich Zambouli land. . Experiencing a vision foretelling the death of the King, the Shaman hastens to Tigora's capital of Azan to try to warn him, but is arrested by corrupt police officers working for Zanda. Otwani's old "friend," reporter Vic Casey ([[Ted Wass , and his cameraman Fletch Agronsky  are in Tigora to do a story on the former football player. When King Jabalani is killed and the Shaman is framed for it, Vic and Fletch realize they are on to a much bigger story than they had anticipated. Heading to a remote prison compound to interview the Shaman, they bear witness to her rescue by Sheena and her animal friends: "Chango," an elephant; "Marika," a zebra; and "Tiki," a chimpanzee. As they escape back into the jungle after destroying the prison, Vic and Fletch follow. Otwani obtains the services of Colonel Jorgensen  and his small army of soldier mercenaries, the Black Berets. Their mission is to eradicate the Zambouli people so their territory will be open for strip-mining. Vic must join forces with Sheena to stop the evil Prince and his army, and along the way, Vic and Sheena fall in love.