Diane and Greg Halstead were once happily married, even deciding to try and get a baby at an older age, despite the fact that she already suffered two miscarriages. She has no luck in becoming pregnant, however, and this leads to an estrangement from her husband. On his latest flight, Greg, a professional pilot, finds out about a bomb threat. The person carrying the bomb supposedly wants to kill another passenger, a politician with an outspoken opinion on abortion. Unbeknownst to the killer, the politician has already left the plane because it had an hour and a half delay. Greg decides to make a sudden landing in Dayton, Ohio, but during the heavy weather, the plane crashes, killing almost all people on board. Soon, the CIA, FBI and NTSB are on the place of the accident. There are different kind of speculations about the cause of the crash, and some suspect Greg of denying to follow orders. The FBI notices that the CIA immediately collected stuff out of the wrecks and told it was top secret. Diane is devastated when she hears the news, until she finds out that Greg is one of the few survivors. She is contacted by Scott Cody, a person working for the ALPA. He announces to her that Greg is the prime suspect of the crash and collects information on her, finding out that Greg was on medicine. As it turns out that there was no bomb on board, all evidence point against Greg. Cody finds out that the CIA was spying on the plane, thereby messing up his radar. Diane states that that was the reason why Greg crashed, but Cody explains that it is more complicated. Meanwhile, Greg dies because of his injuries. She makes an official statement in which she claims her husband is not responsible, but she is not considered as a reliable source, considering the fact that she could lose pension and other benefits. Diane refuses to accept that her husband will be blamed for the crash and does everything to get the entire truth revealed. With the help of a few experts, she is able to prove that there was a fire on the plane, which caused the crash.