The movie starts with the flashback of an incident which took place 70 years ago, in Dorothy bungalow, where Madam Dorothy kills her husband, his mistress and the driver. The story shifts to the present day, where Thomas Kutty ([[Ashokan  buys a bungalow in Ooty with the cash which he received in 2 Harihar Nagar, with the intent of converting it into a resort. The property is believed to be haunted by the ghost of the mistress who was killed 70 years before. Thomas Kutty proves to his friends that these ghosts can be easily made by men, by keeping some men and women and disturbing Mahadevan and Govindan Kutty in their sleep. He also tells them that he had stayed there many days before he bought the bungalow, all alone. The three agree to stay with Thomas Kutty in the bungalow and bring their wives along. In the middle of the journey they see Father Dominico, who warns that the foursome are in the path of bad things. They do not pay heed to his words, but then the housekeepers employed by Thomas Kutty leave on the pretext of the house being haunted. At this point Thomas Kutty reveals that he had lied to the others about having stayed alone in the days before purchasing the bungalow. This revelation startles the four, who start fearing for their own and their wives' safety. After a series of unpleasant events, the four decide to apologize to Father Dominico and ask him for help. Fr. Dominico accompanies the four to the house and attempts to exorcise the house. But, things sour on their first meeting, when Dominico, mentions he is in no way associated to any church, he is a person involved in para normal activities. However before the 2 leaves his house, he warns of a threat from Fire to one of their spouse. This turns true, the same night, when Thomas kutty's wife's saree catches fire, but she is rescued in the nick of time, & to a doctor sent by Father Dominic. Post this incident, the priest visit's the house, after his earlier advice to stay away from alcohol, meat & women is not followed by the friends, leaving Father Dominic injured in the right hand by an unknown force. Here things takes a bad turn, when the maid servant is seen possessed by the ghost. While exorcising the ghost, Father Dominic suffers a heart attack, & is declared dead. Thomas kutty sells the house to Dorothy for half the price. On their return journey, Madhavan receives a call from Father Dominic, who says he faked his death & the doctor is his partner & the maid who was possessed was actually one of his minions, & she had a twin sister. However Madhavan reveals, he realised Father Dominic was a fraud, when after his first encounter with the ghost in their house, Dominic accidentally bandaged his left hand instead of right hand. Similarly Appukuttan reveals he knew the doctor had lied about his death, as he had checked his pulse. Govindan reveals they bribed the registar with double the amount & he had revealed that Dorothy & Father Dominic are the same people. And as a final coup de grace, Thomaskutty reveals, they have the property & the amount he has the full amount he paid to Dorothy/Dominic for purchasing the property. The friends rejoice & head for Dorothy Bungalow.