The story opens with Rahul  and his best friend Karan  discovering the deceased body of Rahul's wife, Pooja , hanging in the living room of her home. Soon enough, before her postmortem, her body is removed and nowhere to be found. As the investigations go on, the film turns to a flashback, where it is revealed that Karan used to be Pooja's ex-boyfriend. Karan was brash and good-looking, but had a major flaw - he was obsessed with Pooja and violently jealous of anyone paying her any attention. Karan's flaw caused Pooja to initially fear him and eventually break up with him. He leaves town and she becomes a famous music performer and soon meets a handsome, loving, wealthy man, Rahul. Pooja loves her husband very much and on their wedding night she promises she will never do anything to shame him, flashbacks are shown with a happy marriage which gets shattered when the couple are involved in a car accident, causing Rahul to go completely blind. Karan, unaware of Pooja's marriage to Rahul, as he left the country to make something of himself for Pooja to be proud of so he could become worthy of Pooja's hand in marriage. When he comes back a rich businessman he is heartbroken to find out that his ex-lover is married believing all his hard work was for nothing and later becomes a business partner and friend of Rahul. One day, Rahul takes Karan to his house, where Karan is in for a surprise as he sees Pooja! Pooja is shocked to see Karan, but makes it clear to him that she loves her husband and their relationship is definitely in the past. The story goes back to the present where an unknown man is trying to blackmail Karan as Pooja's jewelry is found in his drawer. To make matters worse, someone seems to be trying to kill Rahul! Pooja's body is then found cremated on the beach. After some investigations, the police take Karan to the police station. Eventually Karan is indicted, but denies his involvement as Pooja's former lover and stalker, even though he knows that he loved Pooja. Also, the big twisted shock is when it is revealed that Rahul is actually not blind, and in fact, had an eye operation to cure his blindness, but he keeps up the act of being blind. Karan discovers that Rahul is trying to frame him, but he does not understand why, until a candid interview, when he's already been brought to jail, where Rahul reveals that Pooja committed suicide. After having his eye operation, when Rahul went to surprise Pooja, to his shock, he saw Pooja in the arms of Karan . Feeling betrayed, Rahul ignores Pooja, who wonders about the strange behavior of her husband. After Rahul indirectly reveals to Pooja that he has gained his eyesight by telling her to go to bed as it's late , Pooja feels an overwhelming sense of guilt. She realizes that Rahul saw her and Karan together and feeling she's shamed her marriage she commits suicide the next morning. In a tape which Pooja leaves, she reveals all the truth to Rahul. Karan was Pooja's past and violently possessive boyfriend, whose obsession became the worst of him. Fearing his anger and craziness, Pooja decides to leave Karan, only to find him with Rahul. When Karan came back, he threatened Pooja by stating that if she doesn't cheat on her husband with him, then Karan shall kill the innocent Rahul. Fearing for Rahul's safety, Pooja decides to play along with Karan until she can figure out how to get out of the mess, only to make matters worse. Throughout the movie, Rahul was attempting to slowly get revenge on Karan for Pooja's death, because she committed suicide due to Karan's constant harassment of her. If Karan didn't re-enter their lives and try to get Pooja back, then Pooja would never have felt she had to commit suicide. Rahul had arranged for Pooja's body to be taken from the morgue so he could cremate her body himself as well as to make the police think it wasn't suicide but murder as he plants evidence to show Karan was at the beach. The film ends with Karan thinking he's recorded Rahul confessing to framing him but Rahul smiles and shows him the batteries from the recorder that he bribed the jail guard to get for him as he guessed what Karan would try to do and leaves Karan to his fate.