In the early morning, dancers are warming up on an English beach, and Neil Tennant appears on a bicycle. The song "It couldn't happen here" is being played. He cycles up to a kiosk, where he buys some postcards from the shopkeeper . The shopkeeper complains about the political faults of the modern world, but Neil ignores him and fills out his postcards. Meanwhile, Chris Lowe is at a bed & breakfast. He is in his room packing everything into a seemingly bottomless trunk. He runs downstairs and waits for the landlady  to bring him breakfast. In the breakfast room, an Uncle Dredge  is making bad jokes. When the huge fried breakfast arrives, Chris empties the contents of the tray over the landlady and runs out onto the street. He runs along the promenade being chased by a group of Hells Angels on bikes. Back at the beach, Neil continues to cycle along the beach. He passes a priest  who is reciting verses whilst leading a party of school children. Two of the boys are the Pet Shop Boys at a younger age and they run to the pier. In a building on the pier, the adult Neil is seeing an exotically dressed female fortune teller; as he leaves she uncovers her face to reveal that "she" is Chris Lowe. The young Neil and Chris  look in a Victorian era Mutoscope and see a short bedroom farce: a slapstick performance featuring a squire  and a butler  making advances to a French maid . The priest catches up with the boys and shouts more verses at them. The boys escape into the amusement arcade where they see a rock star  in a gold tasseled suit. Then they pass into a theatre, where they see a group of nuns perform a risqué dance routine to "It's a Sin". The priest catches up with them again and he takes them outside where it is now evening. On the pier, he commands twelve fishermen to haul a huge cross out of the sea and onto their ship. The adult Neil and Chris pass three rappers performing "West End Girls" and go to buy a classic car. The salesman  insists on presenting his full sales spiel, so Neil and Chris try to interrupt. They pay for the car in cash and drive off with Chris at the wheel. In the car, the news report on the radio tells of a hitchhiker who has hacked to death three people who have given him lifts. Chris pulls over for a female hitchhiker whom they see on the roadside, but instead an elderly man  gets in. The passenger, who fits the description of the killer from the radio, gives strange and incoherent answers to questions and turns up the radio, which plays "Always on My Mind". During the song, the passenger, with a mad look in his eyes, unpacks several knives from his bag but suddenly asks to be let out and the Pet Shop Boys continue unharmed. They arrive at a transport cafe where they're sat next to a traveller . They order an inappropriate gourmet meal, but the waitress doesn't flinch. At another table a pilot , fiddles frustratedly with a hand-held computer game that says "divided by... divided by... zero" . A voice from the traveler's briefcase asks to be let out and the traveller does so, revealing a ventriloquist's dummy. The dummy starts philosophizing about the concept of time. He asks whether time can be likened to a teacup in that a teacup is no longer a teacup if no one has the intention to use it as such. To shut him up Neil puts a record on the jukebox ("[[Rent  and the wall of the cafe rises to reveal some dancers. Meanwhile, the pilot is seen back in his office reading W.H. Newton-Smith's book 'A Structure Of Time'. After a while he reaches a conclusion that "the dummy's a blasted existentialist". He boards his plane, determined to put an end to such daftness. Neil and Chris are driving along a country lane, when the pilot attacks. "Two Divided By Zero" is playing. The car is covered with bullet holes but the Pet Shop Boys drive on, again unharmed. The pilot's monologue piece is known to be extracted from Newton-Smith's book. They stop by a telephone box which is being vandalized by a group of youths. Instead of attacking Neil, they politely open the door for him and he phones his mother . The two of them exchange the lines to "What Have I Done to Deserve This?". At the end Neil puts his head against the broken glass on the door and blood appears. In a suburban street a commuter leaves home and there is a scantily clad woman in his upstairs window. He is covered in flames but doesn't seem to notice. At the railway station, a zebra is led by two zebra-faced men into a goods van. Neil and Chris sit on the platform watching, then get into another van where a large snake coils itself around them. The van takes them to Paddington station. At Paddington station, army soldiers stand guard and there is a limo waiting for Neil and Chris. They get in and drive through a tunnel as the chauffeur  quotes passages from Milton's Paradise Lost at them. They are driven through a battlefield with bombs exploding all around them. They pull up by a nightclub and Neil and Chris enter. They perform "One more chance" to a crowd of dancers. Each dancer has a number on their back. Once the song is finished, Neil and Chris walk up the stairs to leave and on their back are numbers too - except that both of them read "0".