 The film begins where the previous entry, The Girl Who Played with Fire, left off. Lisbeth Salander is airlifted to a hospital in Gothenburg. Surgeons remove bullets from her shoulder, hip and head, bullets fired by her father, Alexander Zalachenko . She is cared for by Dr. Jonasson, who prevents anyone except her lawyer from visiting. At the same time Evert Gullberg and Fredrik Clinton, old colleagues from the "Section," a group within the Swedish Security Service, reconnect and decide that they must silence Zalachenko and Lisbeth to preserve cold war secrets. Zalachenko is still alive, in a hospital room down the hall from Lisbeth. Mikael Blomkvist asks his sister, Annika, to be Lisbeth's lawyer in her up-coming murder trial. Gullberg arrives at the hospital at the same time as Annika, proceeds to Zalachenko's room, and shoots him dead. Annika saves Lisbeth by barricading the door to Lisbeth's room, preventing Gullberg from killing her too. Gullberg then shoots himself. Clinton visits psychiatrist Dr. Peter Teleborian, and explains his plan to silence Lisbeth by having her committed to St. Stephen's mental hospital again. Teleborian tries to meet with Lisbeth to conduct a psychological evaluation but is prevented by Dr. Jonasson. Mikael Blomkvist persuades Dr. Jonasson to sneak an internet phone into Lisbeth's room, whereupon Lisbeth immediately contacts her information source, Plague, to see if he can find something on Teleborian, and then tells Mikael that Annika has permission to use a video of Nils Bjurman&nbsp;– her former guardian and one of the people she is accused of murdering&nbsp;– raping her. Mikael compels a civil servant, Bang Janeryd, to reveal that Gullberg and Rottinger had visited the Prime Minister years ago to urge a cover-up of the Zalachenko affair. Lisbeth starts working on an autobiography to document her actions and motives from childhood to the present. She continues to have nightmares of memories about her time at St. Stephen's, her father and half-brother, and of her rape by Bjurman. Mikael continues to pursue Teleborian, with Christer's help. They also follow a Section member to a flat that Fredrik Clinton had been to four hours before. Lisbeth finishes her autobiography and sends it to Mikael, and Jonasson informs Lisbeth she cannot remain at the hospital but must be transferred to prison in a couple of days. He is surprised that she is not worried about the trial. The strongman Niedermann, who previously tried to kill Lisbeth's best friend, has remained a fugitive, wanted for killing a police officer. Sonny, of the motorcycle gang from the previous film, is informed that he was searched, but found clean, and that his friend had sent Niedermann to hide out in his home. There, he finds his brother dead and his girlfriend tied, gagged, and apparently assaulted. She tells him that Niedermann was the culprit, and Sonny vows revenge. Clinton, in dialysis, is given a copy of Lisbeth's autobiography, and is told that none of it can be proven. Meanwhile, Erika has been receiving anonymous e-mail threats, which causes an uproar in the office. In prison, Lisbeth is interrogated by the prosecutor but says nothing. Annika is later given Lisbeth's computer and the DVD, which she watches. Niedermann breaks into an abandoned warehouse and kills a witness, a random cyclist. Teleborian finally meets with Lisbeth, who again remains silent. Erika's bedroom window has been smashed, and in desperation she has called Milton Security. Mikael learns that someone has just broken into his apartment and planted cocaine and cash there. He concludes that they are trying to frame him, since they cannot hurt the magazine. Mikael decides to meet Erika at a restaurant named "Samir's Gryta." The police try to warn Mikael of an attempt to kill them there, and Mikael fends off the assault as the police hurry toward the restaurant. The Section is dismayed to find their hired hit men have failed. On the day of her murder trial, Lisbeth enters court with piercings, a mohawk hairstyle, black makeup, and dark clothing. Called as an expert witness for the prosecution, Teleborian characterizes Lisbeth's autobiography as merely the product of her paranoid delusions. Annika gradually demolishes Teleborian's credibility, using Lisbeth's words and files from the hospital. She shows the video proving Bjurman raped Lisbeth, demonstrating that her statements were completely true. As Annika presents her case, the police arrest the people involved with the Section and seize their place of operation. Called to the stand, Mikael shows that Teleborian had written his psychiatric opinions before he had even been allowed to interview Lisbeth. Then Annika calls Edklinth to the stand, and he states that the opinions were formulated in cooperation with Jonas Sandberg, using his computer as proof. Teleborian is left speechless. Edklinth tells Teleborian he is to be arrested on charges of possessing over 8,000 items of child pornography , and his computer is seized as evidence. After Teleborian is arrested, the court rules that there is no further need for Lisbeth to be detained in custody. The Millennium workers celebrate their victory, as Erika leaves the newspaper job and returns as editor in chief. Lisbeth is encouraged by Annika to check the property she has inherited from Zala and discovers the warehouse where Niedermann was hiding. Niedermann attempts to trap her in the warehouse and kill her, but she is too fast for him. She uses a nail gun to nail Niedermann's feet to the floor. She considers nailing him in the head but instead phones Sonny and tells the bikers where to find him. Then she calls the police after the bikers arrive. Lisbeth returns home, Mikael briefly visits her to tell her that the motorcycle gang killed Niedermann and were arrested soon after. They have a brief conversation that might or might not be a prelude to a further relationship.