Meera is in a college and pregnant nearing labour. Here Meera tells her story of how she got to this point in a flashback. A young man named Jeeva falls in love with her. She despises him and eventually gets him kicked out of college. After a fight with Jeeva near her house, Meera goes out for a walk and she sees a woman getting killed by a police man. She is terrified and runs to the police station to report the crime; the officer at the station is, shockingly, the murderer. The police officer, now knowing the sole witness to his crime, sends goons to her house to kill her. By then Meera has already left and is on the run. Jeeva goes to Meera's house and finds the maid getting beaten by the goons. There is a fight between Jeeva and the goons. Jeeva wins and the maid tells him he should go after Meera. They are now on the run and the murderer sends six professional killers after the duo. Along the way Meera and Jeeva get arrested by a comedic policemen and later flee. They find a blacksmith and are freed of the handcuffs but are almost killed by the goons in the shootout. Meera leaves Jeeva but has a change of heart and comes back. She finds the goons who have Jeeva, and the goons tie Jeeva and Meera together on train tracks. They narrowly escape. After this event Meera admits her love for Jeeva. After a run-in with the murderer, Meera and Jeeva end up in the ocean and wash up near the house of a boy named Jesu and his grandfather. They seek refuge there and Meera gets close with Jesu. While everyone is getting ready for Jesu's birthday, Jesu's dog runs off into the forest. The goons kill the dog and go after Meera. Meera and Jesu flee on his bike but they fall off and Jesu gets killed. Jeeva takes revenge and kills the goons in gruesome ways. A final showdown occurs between the murderer and Jeeva. The officer gets the upper hand and almost succeeds, but Meera shoots him and Jeeva sets him on fire. The final scene is a group photo with everyone and Meera goes into labour.