The film takes place over the Fourth of July weekend as Kevin Carson ([[Bow Wow , tries to avoid losing his lottery ticket worth Kevin lives in the Fillmore Projects with his best friend Benny , a small-time unemployed hood, his religious grandmother , and college-bound Stacie . On his way to his workstation Foot Locker, they come across the neighborhood bully Lorenzo  who tells Kevin to hook him and his boys up with three pairs of new Jordans sneakers each. When Lorenzo arrives to pick up the shoes, Kevin snitches on him and his gang, and they are arrested. Kevin is fired from the job and to cheer his mood up, Stacie buys him a fortune cookie, in which he finds playing numbers. He puts the numbers onto a lottery ticket worth $370 million which he bought from Junior's  convenience store even though he doesn't believe in lottery. Until the next morning, Kevin sleeps out. Once he wakes up, his grandmother tells him she didn't win the lottery, which reminds Kevin of his ticket. He checks the ticket and the numbers match with the winning lottery, making Kevin the winner. Kevin strictly tells his grandma not to tell anybody about this ticket, until he cashes it in and retrieves the winning money. Kevin and Benny go to the lottery office, where he is informed that the office is close until the 4th of July weekend, which makes Kevin have to wait three more days to get his money. Meanwhile, his grandmother spills the secret to the neighborhood gossip, Semaj , and Kevin returns home to find the entire neighborhood waiting in his living room. Chased by his neighbors into hiding, Kevin wants to tell them the ticket is a fake, but changes his mind at the last second when he sees the respect he has regained. Much to Stacie's chagrin, local hottie Nikki Swazey  who before showed no interest in Kevin, asks him out. Kevin is still broke until he can cash the ticket, so he goes to see local mobster Sweet Tee  who gives him a $100,000 loan and the services of a driver/bodyguard, Jimmy . Kevin and his friends burn through the money in one day of shopping. His date with Nikki ends in the revelation that she is only trying to get pregnant by him after he refuses to have sex without a condom. On his way home, Kevin speaks with Mr. Washington , a reclusive ex-boxer who tells him how the neighborhood killed his career when he was robbed after he got some money. At church the next day, the pastor's  service, a thinly veiled plea for part of Kevin's winnings, is interrupted by Lorenzo. Kevin escapes after being chased by Lorenzo, although Jimmy is beaten up badly by Lorenzo and his gang. Later on the roof, Benny offers to hold on to the ticket, but Kevin misinterprets this as another person trying to get his money and the two have an argument. Kevin goes to Stacie's house. After he realizes he needs to use the money to change people's lives, the two kiss and almost have sex, but are interrupted by her mother. Chased out of the bedroom window, Kevin tells Stacie he loves her and jumps down. Whilst walking home, Kevin is knocked out by Lorenzo and was robbed by him, including the ticket. Without having signed the ticket, Kevin has no proof he purchased it. Kevin is found by Mr. Washington and took home safely. The next day, Kevin reunites with Benny and the two go looking for Lorenzo to get his ticket back, until they come across Sweet Tee, and learns that Sweet Tee will saw off his legs at the knee caps, ground them into hamburger meat them feed it to his two dogs if he cannot repay the money. Realizing that his predicament was caused after Semaj told everyone he had the ticket, Kevin prints out a new ticket and tells Semaj he tricked Lorenzo by carrying a fake. A furious Lorenzo comes looking for Kevin, but is interrupted by Sweet Tee, who gut-checks him and takes down Lorenzo. After a while, Lorenzo gets back up and squeezes Sweet Tee's testicles out and chases Kevin. He reaches Kevin, and punches him in the nose, and just as he is about to steal the ticket, Lorenzo receives a tap on the shoulder, as soon as he turns around, Mr. Washington appears and gives him a straight upper-cut taking Lorenzo down to the floor, and knocking him out cold. Kevin signs the ticket and later receives the money. After a few months, Kevin has his own shoe company and has started to make his community a better place by cleaning up the park and starting a foundation. Benny is his CEO, Stacie his future lawyer, and Mr. Washington the new head of security of "Carson Park." In the end, they all meet together and fly off in Kevin's new helicopter.