A Magistrate named Poulgrain takes his own life in a exhaust fume-filled car but in his death-throes, he releases the hand-brake whereupon his car rolls down the road all the way into the middle of a busy shopping centre where a pair of over-zealous detectives empty their firearms into his corpse. Disgraced, the two detectives, Ben Kinnear and his best mate Mike Paddock-both members of the much-hyped Zero Tolerance Unit , are demoted back to uniform duties. Things get worse when they pay a visit to the Magistrate's widow Eleanor and accidentally burn her house down. Things become more complicated when Julie Bale, a journalist and a former police-officer and onetime partner of Kinnear's, is arrested on a charge of blackmailing the Magistrate. Kinnear starts to smell a rat when he discovers that a computer disc was found in the dead man's car but was tampered with by persons unknown. Kinnear's boss Gillespie questions the two detectives in charge of the Poulgrain case, Wick & Pendlebury as to what happened to the original disc. Without warning, Wick shoots dead Gillespie and Pendlebury and then deliberately wounds himself, re-arranging the crime scene to make it appear Gillespie fired first. Kinnear and Paddock are both suspended from duty by newly-returned ZTU chief Ted Pratt. But with the assistance of IT-operator Northey, they break into the police data-base unit and copy the original file. But Pratt and Wick confront them before they can leave the building and it turns out that the file has been altered, now implicating Kinnear in corrupt activities. Kinnear and Paddock narrowly escape an assassination attempt when the latter's house is blown up by explosives set by Wick. The two detectives are captured by Wick & his cronies and are then confronted by Pratt, now revealed to be the ringleader of the ZTU corruption. It is now clear that Julie Bale is innocent, having been used as a convenient scapegoat because of her journalistic enquiries into the corruption allegations. It is also revealed that Poulgrain was involved in the corruption ring but, having gotten cold feet, had threatened to go public so Pratt had blackmailed him into committing suicide. Rescued by Northey, Kinnear and Paddock pursue their last option, going to the Premier of Victoria Lionel Cray. However whilst waiting outside his office, Kinnear eavesdrops on a phone-call between Cray and Pratt, revealing that even the Premier is up to his neck in corruption. Having recorded the phone-call, they kidnap Cray and take him to a deserted road outside of Melbourne, offering to exchange him for Bale who has been abducted by Pratt. In a tense stand-off, Pratt's plan to kill Kinnear, Paddock and Northey after getting the Premier back is foiled when, in a pre-arranged signal, Bale grabs a concealed gun attached to Cray and holds it to his head whilst Paddock aims an assault-rifle at Pratt & Wick and their mini-van filled with heavily-armed officers. Pratt surrenders and he and his cronies, along with Premier Cray, are all arrested for corruption. Kinnear and Paddock are re-instated and promoted and the former's old romance with Bale is re-ignited.