No one really knows Felix Bush , who lives as a hermit deep in the woods. Rumors surround him, such as how he might have killed in cold blood, and that he's in league with the devil. So the town is surprised when Felix shows up in town with a fat wad of cash, demanding a "funeral party" for himself. Frank Quinn , the owner of the local funeral parlor, coveting Bush's wad of cash, agrees to advertise a funeral party at which the townsfolk will be invited to tell Felix Bush the stories they've heard about him. To insure a good turnout, a lottery is organized, with Bush's property as the prize. Many people buy tickets. However, nobody wants to tell a story because people fear reprisal from Bush. Things get more complicated when an old mystery is remembered, involving a local widow named Mattie Darrow , who was Bush's girlfriend in their youth, and her deceased sister, Mary Lee. With the help of a preacher who insists that Bush "tell her the truth," Bush tells those gathered at his funeral party, particularly Mattie, what happened forty years earlier. He reveals his affair with Mattie's married sister, Mary Lee. He confesses to Mattie that it was Mary Lee who was his true love, his only love. They made plans to run away together, and when she didn't arrive at the agreed place, he went to her home to search for her. He discovered that her husband had attacked her with a hammer, knocking her out. The husband threw a kerosene lamp against a wall to set the house on fire and kill himself, the unconscious Mary Lee, and Bush. Bush freed himself from the attacking husband, but as his clothes caught fire, he also saw Mary Lee catch fire. As he went to put the fire out, he felt himself flying through the window, possibly pushed by the husband, and he was unable to re-enter the house to save Mary Lee. Suffering from survivor's guilt and refusing to ask for forgiveness from God because he didn't feel that either God or he was the real victim, but that Mary Lee was, Bush secreted himself away in the woods in order to "jail himself" for his responsibility for bringing about Mary Lee's death: his affair with Mary Lee had prompted the husband to murder her the night she was to escape and meet Bush. His self-imposed exile was designed to deny himself a wife, children, and a family. Relieved at having told his tale, he knows he now can "get low"  in peace. Mattie forgives him, and they are brought together again by their shared loss. Bush dies shortly after his funeral party and smiles gently at the ghostly image of Mary Lee waiting for him down the lane.