In a flashback sequence following the first film, Lawrence Gordon  crawls from the bathroom to find help after sawing off his foot. Along the way, he reaches a steam pipe and uses it to cauterize his ankle stump. In the present, Ryan  and Brad  awaken in a storefront window in a shopping area in front of a crowd of people, their wrists bound to a worktable. In front of each man is a buzz saw, and their mutual lover, Dina  is suspended above a third saw. Jigsaw's puppet tells them that they can either kill each other or allow Dina to die, and after realizing her betrayal, they decide to save themselves and allow her to lower onto the saw, killing her. After witnessing Mark Hoffman's  survival from the end of the sixth film, Jill Tuck  goes to Matt Gibson , an internal affairs detective at Hoffman's precinct, and offers to incriminate Hoffman in exchange for immunity and protection. Meanwhile, Hoffman abducts four racist skinheads and places them in the Horsepower Trap that kills all of them. After a gathering of past Jigsaw survivors, including Lawrence Gordon  and several others from previous films, takes place, Hoffman abducts the host, Bobby Dagen , a self-help guru who achieved fame and fortune by falsely claiming to have survived a Jigsaw trap. Hoffman sends videos to Gibson throughout the film, offering cryptic clues to his location and promising to stop the games if Jill is given to him. Bobby awakens in an abandoned insane asylum and is informed that his wife Joyce  has also been abducted and will die if he does not save her within an hour. After escaping a cage hanging over a floor of spikes, Bobby makes his way through the asylum to find his wife. Along the way, he finds Nina , his publicist; Suzanne , his lawyer; and Cale , his closest friend. All three are in separate traps, representing "Speak No Evil", "See No Evil", and "Hear No Evil" respectively, and all three are killed despite his efforts to save them. Gibson eventually discovers the location of the asylum and sends a SWAT team, who are all killed by toxic gas after being sealed elsewhere in the asylum. Gibson locates Hoffman's command center, where he discovers that Hoffman has hacked the police security system, and is killed by an automatic turret gun along with his men. Hoffman, who had been posing as one of the junkyard corpses, infiltrates police headquarters and kills everyone in his path leading to Jill. After a brief struggle, he finally knocks out Jill and restrains her to a chair then secures the original Reverse Bear-trap to her head, which kills her in a gruesome fashion. After removing his upper wisdom teeth to retrieve a combination to a locked door, Bobby reaches Joyce and is forced to drive two hooks through his pectoral muscles, the trap he claimed to survive, and hoist himself up by the chains to deactivate her trap. He fails when the hooks rip through his muscles, and a brazen bull capsule closes around Joyce and incinerates her. Moments after Hoffman destroys his workshop, he is attacked and captured by three Pighead-masked figures, led by Lawrence Gordon. Flashbacks reveal that John Kramer  found Lawrence by the steam pipe and nursed him to health, and Lawrence had helped John in secret ever since. Tasked to watch over Jill after John's death and to take action if anything happened to her, Lawrence brings Hoffman to the bathroom from the first film and shackles him by the ankle. He throws away the hacksaw he had sawed his own foot off with, and then seals the door to the bathroom, leaving Hoffman to die.