The movie begins in 1957 with a scene of a United States military operation to secure a crashed UFO in a hangar bay. A man, , enters to see the craft and simply orders his men to "get rid of it." Forwarding to 1985, a senior high school student named Michael Harlan, , whose only interest is muscle cars, reluctantly searches for something to turn in for his final science class project. While on what his bookworm friend Ellie Sawyer, , thinks is a date, Michael breaks into a government aircraft boneyard and stumbles upon a hidden fallout shelter. There he finds a spherical glowing piece of equipment and grabs it just as a military guard approaches and chases him away. The next day Michael cleans up the device in auto shop class and unwittingly activates it where it begins drawing power from a nearby boombox. His friend Vince Latello, , convinces him to attach the device's "terminals" to an automotive battery whereupon the device emits a swirl of colorful energy that manifests into an Ancient Egyptian vase. As the two leave the auto shop for their next class, they soon realize they inexplicably lost two hours of time and missed their final science exam. After a series of other strange happenings surrounding the machine, Michael takes the device, referred to as "the gizmo," to his ex-hippie science teacher Dr. Roberts, , who quickly realizes it is a portal to another dimension. While bathing in the cosmic energy of the gizmo and contemplating the wonders of the universe, Roberts suddenly warps away only leaving behind his peace symbol medallion. Michael tries to disconnect the machine from the power outlet, but is unable to. His only solution is to destroy the power lines leading to town before the warp spreads out of control. Meanwhile, Ellie remains behind with the gizmo, but is knocked unconscious when Sherman, , a nerdy kid at the school, tries to tamper with it. Michael and Vince obtain dynamite from the backroom of a hardware store owned by Michael's father, , and then race to outrun a wave of energy traveling along the power lines before it reaches the local power plant. They successfully blow up a tower, stopping the wave, and quickly return to the school. There they find the whole building is now consumed in a vortex of space/time where objects and people from the past and future begin to manifest around them. They eventually run into a crazed Sherman who tells them that Ellie is in danger and the whole universe is collapsing. Mike and Vince grab weapons they find from a platoon of fallen Vietnam War soldiers and make their way to the science lab. After battling a T-rex in the gymnasium and a mob of post-apocalypse mutants, they reach Ellie and successfully deactivate the gizmo. Things appear to return to normal just as emergency crews and police show up at the scene. Moments later, Dr. Roberts appears, rejoicing after an unexpected trip to Woodstock, and proudly gives Michael an "A" grade on his science project under the condition that he gets rid of the machine because it's something mankind is not ready for. Roberts is then arrested by the local sheriff, , who thinks he blew up the power lines - as Michael had accidentally left Robert's peace medallion at the hardware store. As promised, Michael returns the gizmo back to the junkyard where he found it and then spends the rest of the night with Ellie.