A college male receives a note under his dorm door that say "do you wanna know a secret?" He assumes it is from his girlfriend Beth . He goes into the hallway to find her and is killed by someone in a mask. One year later Beth and her friends, including her new boyfriend Hank , go on vacation in Florida. The group includes Oz , Tina , Nellie  and Brad . The first night Brad tries to hit on Beth, but she explains that they are just friends. Brad is attacked on a sailboat while the others are in the house. His bloody shirt is found in the water, though his body is missing. The group sees a message on his computer: do you wanna know a secret? One night while drinking, Tina kisses Hank. Beth refuses to talk to him until the next night when he saves her from getting roofied  at a club. Beth goes outside the club for air, where she witnesses the boy who tried to drug her being murdered by someone in a mask. When the cops arrive, they find "do you wanna know a secret?" is carved in the boy's back. An FBI agent  tells the kids not to leave the house, as they are all suspects for both murders. The next day while Hank and Beth are showering, Oz is attacked in the kitchen. Outside at the pool, Nellie realizes that Tina's throat has been slit. Before she can call for help she is attacked from behind and falls into the pool. Oz regains consciousness, and sees the same message written on the wall in blood. He runs outside to find both Tina and Nellie dead. When the cops arrive, Oz is arrested for the murders. The cop who arrested Oz is in the bathroom at the precinct when he sees the message on the wall. He is then murdered by the masked figure. Oz is released. Beth is waiting outside the police station when she sees a truck drive by. The driver is wearing the mask she remembers from the murder at the club. Hank is nowhere to be found so she follows the truck out to the glades and waits for Oz to meet up with her. Oz and Beth search for the killer in the dark woods. They are separated and Oz is knocked out from behind. He wakes up in the basement of a church and hears Beth's scream. Upstairs in the church Beth is tied up in a wedding dress and blindfolded. The man removes Beth's blindfold and his mask, revealing himself as Brad. Beth sees that the dead bodies of Tina, Nellie, and the pastor are set up in the pews, as if watching. Brad starts cutting Beth's dress open with a knife, when Oz shows up. Brad and Oz fight but Brad wins and ties Oz up again. Beth asks Brad why he killed everyone. He explains that the secret is he loves Beth so much he would do anything, including staging his own death and killing all the others. He then holds up Hank's severed head. Beth secretly unties her hands and attacks Brad. He knocks her to the ground but Oz gets untied and attacks Brad. As Brad is about to kill Oz, Beth stabs him through his entire body. As Oz and Beth exit the church, Brad jumps up again and is shot by the FBI Agent. The Agent reveals that the dead pastor was also Brad's father.