A successful Manhattan couple, lawyer Paul Michael Morgan  and real estate agent Meryl Judith Morgan , separate due to Paul's infidelity. After dinner one night, Meryl and Paul witness the murder of one of Meryl's real estate clients, then they become targets of contract killer Vincent ([[Michael Kelly  and must enter the Witness Protection Program. Paul and Meryl are relocated to a small town of Ray, Wyoming and placed temporarily under the protection of the local sheriff and deputy, who happen to be a married couple . For their own safety, they are permitted no outside contact via telephone or e-mail. They have trouble adjusting to small-town life, but after an unfortunate encounter with a bear and bumbling attempts at shooting rifles, chopping wood, and horseback riding, they eventually adjust and begin assisting the local citizens professionally. Meanwhile, none of their coworkers in NY know their whereabouts. The killer has planted bug at Meryl's old office and in her assistant's purse, hoping to gain information, which is eventually successful. Paul and Meryl go on a "date" in town and begin to reconcile, but then Paul is alienated when he learns that Meryl had a one-night stand with one of their acquaintances during their separation. The next day, with the killer in town unbeknownst to them, the Morgans anticipate leaving Ray for a permanent hiding place. The Wheelers invite them to a rodeo, but the Morgans are quarreling, so they decline. Leaving the Morgans without any form of security, the Wheelers leave for the rodeo. The killer tries to attack the house but is accosted by a bear, which gives the Morgans sufficient warning that they are able to escape. They flee on horseback to the rodeo to seek assistance. The killer follows them to the rodeo; they spot him and hide in a bull suit. However, they accidentally frighten a live bull into head-butting them. Meryl, unable to walk, stays hidden from the killer while Paul confronts him with a canister of bear repellant. Paul accidentally sprays himself in the face but is rescued by the Wheelers and his new friends from the town. Six months later, Paul and Meryl have repaired their marriage. They have an adopted baby girl from China, named Rae in honor of the Wyoming town, and Meryl is pregnant with a child of their own.