Jack and Audrey Landry are a middle-aged couple with three daughters: Nora, Terry, and Dahlia . The eldest, Nora, is a supermodel based in Italy, who rarely comes home. Terry, the second daughter, is an independent business woman who lives with her boyfriend Bryan. Dahlia, the youngest, lives at home with her parents still, and changes her "look" often. In addition to the happy family, Nora's ex-boyfriend Sam works for Jack and is very close with the family as well. Their peaceful lives are disrupted when Nora breaks her leg in a car accident while on location in Italy, and returns home to recover. Terry discovers that her boyfriend Bryan has been cheating on her and promptly moves back in with her parents. For the first time in several years, all of the girls are back under the Landrys' roof. Shortly after a handsome Italian man by the name of Guillermo arrives at the Landry residence and introduces himself as Nora's boyfriend. Guillermo explains that he has come to ask Jack and Audrey for Nora's hand in marriage, Jack and Audrey agree and Nora accepts Guillermo's proposal. Audrey, Nora, Terry and Dolly quickly consume themselves in wedding plans while a unenthusiastic Jack watches the rising expenses. Terry finds out that she has lost her job, but a handsome co-worker, Lyle, who has also been laid off, invites her to join a start up marketing a technology he's developed. At first feelings between the two are only friendly, but soon evolve into romance. When Terry receives a bouquet from Bryan begging her to come back to him, Lyle realizes how he truly feels about Terry and spontaneously asks her to marry him. Terry accepts, and suddenly the Landrys become "a two wedding family." Jack has lunch with Lyle and explains that weddings cause a great deal of stress to the brides family, to which Lyle suggests that the solution lies in both weddings happening on the same day. To Jack's surprise, Nora and Terry agree. The plans, which had already been laid out, are now in upheaval. If this was not enough, Dolly and Sam realise that they had been falling in love with each other for years and soon decide to get married as well. And so Jack and Audrey get ready to give away all their daughters on the same day. Finally the wedding day arrives and numerous things start to go wrong, the priest goes missing, the cakes are destroyed and Jack gets locked on the balcony. However eventually Nora, Terry and Dolly get married!