The film opens at Potsdam in the time of "The Soldier's King" Friedrich Wilhelm I of Prussia, with the Royal Family sitting at the breakfast table. It turns out that Crown Prince Friedrich, informally called "Fritz", had lost so much money at the gaming tables that he had to sign debentures. Members of the grenadier regiment had seen the crown prince appearing late in a wretched state, which greatly angers his father. The King would like to prepare his son for the future role as a ruler, and regards his preoccupation with music and literature with big displeasure. Fritz, for his part, is infuriated with the austere treatment by his father and hatches a plan to flee Prussia and get to France and England, where he expects a welcome from his mother's family. His companion Katte would like to help him in this plan. However, being a second lieutenant bound by his officer's code, he at first declines. The father-son conflict further escalates when Fritz accumulates even heavier gambling debts than those which the King already had to pay off before. To King insults the Crown prince, calling him "a liar and coward" and puts him under arrest. In the barracks he is forbidden to engage in his beloved flute playing, nor read French literature. At night the King returns earlier than usual and surprises the Crown Prince together with his sister Wilhelmine, playing the flute in the music room. Katte, who was also present, manages to hide just in time. The angry King throws Fritz's books and flute into the open fire and orders the Crown Prince to accompany him on a trip to South Germany. Fritz, more than ever determined on his escape plan, can after this incident count also on Katte's support. However, the escape fails, and both the Crown Prince and Second Lieutenant Katte are condemned by a court martial to custody at the fortress of Küstrin. Indeed, the King goes much further, arbitrarily changing the judgement against Katte into capital punishment and insisting on having him actually executed. The Crown Prince submits to the King's authority and is moved to better quarters in a palace. Nevertheless, in a visit by the King it is evident that the relationship between father and son is still very chilly and they are estranged. Fritz who in the meantime has proved his "character" is now given his own household at Rheinsberg Castle, where he can follow again his artistic inclinations. Still, reconciliation between the estranged father and son does come about, shortly before the death of the King. The last words of the Old King to the Young are: "Make Prussia great!".