Starting in 1967 Oceanside, Kathy Wakeman is a high school senior who, soon after graduation, abandons her college plans to marry her mariner sweetheart Chuck Wakemore. Their lives as a newlywed is short-lived, as he is ordered to serve in Vietnam. While his absence, she spends her time at the local recreation center and befriends her neighbor Lorraine Simpson, a mother whose husband is also away to fight at the war. When she is informed that her husband has been killed, she is devastated and loses all lust in life. Her mother notices that she is unable to deal with his death and enters her into a war widow support program. She also advices her to move back into her parental house, but she refuses to. At the urge of her family and friends, Kathy tries to adjust to normal life again, but she has trouble hiding the fact that she still feels miserable. She is ordered to leave the apartment she lived in with her late husband, because they are meant for Marine Corps families only. She reluctantly packs to leave the only place that reminds her of Chuck and seeks refuge at the local swimming pool. There, she is noticed by Sam Daniels, the owner of the recreation center who was just closing up. Knowing about her past, he assumes that she is trying to commit suicide, despite her claims that she wasn't. Sympathizing with her, he offers Kathy a job as a swimming instructor. Although it doesn't pay well, she accepts the job. When she tells her parents, they react enthusiasticly, until she reveals that she is moving in with Lorrain, thereby not returning home. At the pool, she impresses the staff and is promoted to being a life guard. She soon becomes happier and grows closer to Sam. One evening, they get drunk and kiss. This makes her feel guilty, thinking she is somehow cheating on Chuck, who has been dead for only four months. She contacts a psychologist, who helps her to move on with her life. Before spending the night with him, Kathy admits to Sam that she only feels happy when she is around him. The next morning, she realizes that she isn't ready for a relationship. and turns back to her parents. She apologizes to them for her behavior, but tells them that they can't feel sorry for her. In the end, she leaves town to build up a life another place.