The movie begins at a grocery store where a box of free puppies is outside . There are 6 puppies in the box, five black puppies and the golden puppy. Soon children come and four black puppies are taken to a home. Soon only two puppies are left in the box then a little boy and his mother come and take the black puppy. Only the golden puppy is left in the box and on that raining night he escapes to the streets. A year later the dog called Tycho is eluding animal control. Eventually he is caught and taken to the pound. Calvin Wheeler  is a popular boy at school who collects comic books in his spare time. Calvin's best friend is Raymond Figg , who prefers to be called Figg. He saved Figg's life in the second grade when Figg had an Asthma attack, and Figg, very devoted, manages his schedule and occasionally does his homework. Gotham Man is the name of Calvin's favorite comic. His collection is complete, except for one issue that is ever-so-rare, the first one, which is worth $3,000. When a show-dog runs after Calvin while skateboarding, he finds out that when one wins a dog show, they earn major cash. The cash prize is $5,000 which Calvin needs to buy the first issue of Gotham Man. Calvin goes to a dog rescue shelter and adopts a dog named Tycho. A girl and a volunteer at a run down animal shelter, Emily Watson , believes that this had to be another one of the crazy schemes or plans that Calvin has in mind. So she interviews Calvin and judges him a good owner for Tycho, and she says yes when Calvin asks her to the upcoming school dance, until she realizes that he's entering Tyco in a dog show. But there is someone else who wants to make sure Calvin and Tycho lose and that is Preston Price , a stuck-up rich boy whom he and his dog have won two of the past dog shows. Preston hires people to beat Calvin up and later to pretend that they are Tycho's real family, but when the three main characters realize that this is not Tycho's family Figg and Calvin come up with a plan. He convinces Figg to pretend he is selling magazines and to fake an asthma attack. When this happens, Calvin runs into the basement and rescues Tycho while Figg is still acting. Emily forgives Calvin. This is the day of the dog show and they decide to go. Calvin's dad drives them there. Of course they are not prepared so they come up with a last minute routine of Tycho pulling Calvin on his skateboard. They beat Preston by one point. Along with using that money to buy a comic book he uses the money for good. He gives the money to the shelter so that the dogs can have better homes. In the end, the shelter is saved, and Figg, along with many other people, adopt a new pet. Although Calvin wins the Royal Hound Dog show the methods he uses are quite unrealistic.