Following the grisly suicide of the U.S. Ambassador to Great Britain , 32-year-old international conglomerate CEO Damien Thorn  is appointed in his place, an office his adoptive father Robert Thorn once held. Unlike the previous Omen films, Damien is aware of his unholy lineage and of his destiny. An alignment of the stars in the Cassiopeia constellation causes the generation of a 'superstar', described as a second Star of Bethlehem. Thorn realizes it is a sign of the Second Coming of Christ and orders all boys in England born on the morning of March 24, 1982  to be killed in order to prevent the Christ Child's return to power. One of Thorn's disciples, Dean, attempts to hide that his own son was born on that date. Thorn has also become romantically involved with journalist Kate Reynolds , a relationship which puts his plans for political dominion on hold. But Damien is not deterred and focuses his attention on her young son Peter , whom Thorn takes as a disciple, manipulating the boy's desire for a father figure. Meanwhile, Father DeCarlo  and six priests hunt for Thorn, hoping to kill him before he can find and destroy the Christ Child. They are armed with the seven daggers of Megiddo, the only ancient holy weapons that can harm the Antichrist. However, Damien systematically eliminates each of the priests until only DeCarlo remains. Damien senses that the "Christ Child"- Jesus returning to Earth a second time- will be born on March 24. Throughout England, all male infants born on March 24th are executed by Thorn's disciples. The last is the child of Dean and his wife Barbara. Damien confronts Dean about Barbara talking with DeCarlo, and demands that he kill his son. Dean refuses and flees. Meanwhile, Thorn's dog threatens the child, but Barbara drives it away. Then she has a vision of her son as a burnt offering. This causes her to fall under Damien's control and she picks up an iron. Shortly afterwards Dean enters the house where he is killed by Barbara. Finally, DeCarlo tells Reynolds that the Christ Child is out of his reach, in spite of Thorn's efforts. In hopes of getting her son back, she agrees to take Thorn to the Christ Child in exchange for Peter. This is part of DeCarlo's plan to lure him into a trap. He hopes to ambush Damien and catch him off guard, since his attention will be directed towards confronting Christ. The plan backfires when Damien spots DeCarlo first and uses Peter as a human shield against the dagger. As Peter lies dying, Damien strangles the stunned Father DeCarlo. In a desperate bid to salvage his waning power, Damien calls out for Christ to appear before him. As he does, Kate sneaks up behind Damien with one of the daggers and stabs him in the back, releasing a wail of demonic agony. After Damien dies, his body is seen lying on the ground with Kate standing over it. In the foreground, DeCarlo reappears carrying Peter's body and hands him to Kate, who was praying. The film ends with scripture of Revelation chapter 21, verse 4 indicating that when Christ returns to earth, peace will reign for all who faithfully awaited the Lord's return.