In the film, Kanye West plays himself drunk at a nightclub embarrassing himself and his friends while being belligerent. West becomes excited when "See You in My Nightmares" starts playing in the club and he begins to wander around the club reminding everyone that it is his song, even though everyone already knows that. He also tries to flirt with many of the women there, who are at first starstruck, but then quickly repulsed by his drunken behavior and lewd advances. West embarrasses himself further when he tries to hit on a woman who is there with her boyfriend. He later runs into Fonzworth Bentley, who he has a brief conversation with until another drunk man comes up to West and mistakes him for Lil Wayne. After Bentley corrects the man, the man continues interrupting the conversation while attempting to talk to West until Bentley grabs the man and a fight breaks out. West simply walks away. On the dance floor, West tries to dance but ends up leaning on a stranger, barely conscious. He then wanders into an empty side room where he begins to feel depressed, but a beautiful woman in a leopard print dress appears. She comforts him and tells him "It's OK" while he cries on her shoulder. They begin to have sex on a sofa but he passes out on top of her. When West wakes up a short time later, he finds himself with his pants down, lying on a sofa covered with leopard print pillows — he was hallucinating. Startled and nauseous, he rushes to the bathroom and vomits what appear to be rose petals. West finds a bowie knife in the bathroom and cuts into his stomach, spilling a torrent of petals from his stomach. He pushes the knife in deeper and, with his hands, digs out of himself a small rodent-like creature, named in the credits as "Henry". When Kanye realizes it is connected to him by an umbilical cord, he cuts the cord with the knife. He then places the creature on a sink counter in front of him and hands it a miniature version of the bowie knife. The creature grabs the tiny knife and eyes it apprehensively before shaking its head at West, who slowly nods his head in response. West watches as the creature commits suicide, falls over, and slowly dies while gasping for air. The film cuts to black with West still looking at its corpse lying on the counter.