A group of prostitutes are brought in to a New York police station. In a series of flashbacks, the story starts with Dutch secretary of the year Xaviera Hollander  moves to New York City in hopes of marrying her fiancé Carl , whom she met whilst visiting her sister in South Africa. From the minute she exits the airplane and he does not help her take her bags to his increasingly long morning routine getting ready and primping, Xaviera starts to become more concerned that he is not the man she thought he was on holiday. Her suspicions are confirmed when he does not tell his mother and she unwittingly tells her, which follows with his mother insulting her over dinner. Xaviera offers him a choice of her or his mother and he picks his mother. After leaving Carl, Xaviera finds work at the Dutch Embassy as a translator and secretary. She is asked by Frenchman Yves  out on a spur of the moment date and she accepts. She quickly falls in love with him and his extravagant lifestyle as he has made a small fortune by acting as an expert consultant for large corporations and even small countries. He announces that he must leave as he has been summoned by the king of a middle eastern country and she breaks down crying. He hands her a large envelope containing cash. Although it makes her feel like a prostitute, she realizes quickly that this may be her calling in life as she loves sex and money, and starts meeting up with Yves' friends who he gave her number to. Xaviera starts to do well as a prostitute until she is shaken down by a corrupt cop ([[Richard Lynch  who takes her money and tries to rape her. Instead of paying him off and continuing long term, she decides to work at a local bordello with a madam who offers her a 50/50 split. The work is great for her, but she decides that she can do better on her own, so leaves to open her own bordello ten blocks away. After a while, she is the most successful madam in New York City and buys out her former madame's business as well. The former madame decides to sell after becoming pregnant with her longtime boyfriend Fred Conrad Janis. Everything is going great except for the amount of work until the police officer that offered her protection earlier sees her and instigates a raid, sending her to prison. Her attorney bails her out of jail and sets her up with a friend of his who is coming in from Montreal.