This is the story of two con-artists Jerry  and Ravi Varma , and Jerry's sister. Jerry has been a con-man from childhood. He and his sister are separated due to Jerry's idea to bring the family house under his own name. His father finds out about his plot, though, and his sister does not approve of his fraudulent activities. Ravi Varma, another conman, enters the scene. Jerry is impressed by Ravi's smartness, and both of them plan a big heist. They get the idea from a thief, Bose. Both plan to trick an NRI played by Devan. The story starts with the arrest of Ravi Varma , whose father has just been arrested due to a fraud case. He plans, along with a skilled conman to steal money from a petrol station, and is caught, but he escapes with the help of Jerry , who has also been trying to pull off a similar act. After Ravi Varma proves himself to Jerry, an old acquaintance  tells Jerry of a copy painting that he could possibly trick an NRI into for {{INR}}50 lakhs. This information creates a rift in the newly formed friendship as they go out and try to outdo each other to get the money. To add a twist to the story, Jerry's sister, who has been against him because of a court case, works at the hotel that the NRI is staying at. Both Ravi Varma and the NRI fall in love with her. They eventually lose the painting and have to buy the original out of fear. They eventually do so, pooling in money they had decided not to use , buy the original and sell it to the NRI for {{INR}}3 crore. Another incident on the same night separates Jerry and his sister further, and then the duo  learn that the cheque given to them is not valid. They fall into a fight and decide to split up and part ways. The story follows with Jerry, who runs into the master fraud from the beginning of the story, whom he had not known initially. The master fraud brings him to resolve out the story, at which point the plot takes an interesting twist. Jerry realizes he has arrived at the wedding of Ravi Varma and his sister! He also finds out that the entire sequence of events starting from the gas station incident had been completely staged as a form of gentle revenge in return for the scam which had sent Ravi Varma's father to jail. Jerry asks for forgiveness from everyone and leaves the wedding thereafter. As the credits roll out, Jerry is seen pondering into another possible scam, leaving an open end for a possible sequel to the movie.