When Dane  17, Lucas , 10, and their mother Susan  move into quiet town Bensonville from New York City, Dane becomes interested in a beautiful girl who lives next door named Julie . The family's relationship is very weak. While Lucas constantly wants to play outside with Dane, one day, while their mother is at work, Dane and Lucas find a hatch in the basement with several locks along each side. They find the keys and open the locks, and discover a mysterious hole. They preform numerous tests which show them that the hole is bottomless and dark enough in which you can only see a few feet in it. They show Julie and they preform another test where they put a camera on the end of a rope and record whats inside the hole. They view the tapes and notice something small and strange until Susan gets home and when they try to explain whats been happening that day, the strange thing on the TV opens to reveal an eye that closes when the kids look at it. The next few days the kids realize something strange. Julie has an encounter with a girl in a dark bathroom. Lucas has a fear of clowns and believes that Dane put a clown puppet in his room and the puppet reveals to be alive and, according to Lucas, is trying to take him into the hole. Dane also has an encounter with a giant man whom is shown anonymously to the audience. One day, the ghost girl appears in the boys' home and she crawls into the hole. They watch the hole all night to make sure nothing else comes out. Julie concludes that they must see the previous owner of the home, Creepy Carl , and question him about the origins of the hole. As Julie goes home and the boys go to bed, they meet Susan's date, much to Dane's despair. Later, Susan has to leave for a couple of days for her job and the boys mourn this because of the happenings, but she leaves anyways. They visit him in an abandoned glove factory where he is surrounded by hundreds of light bulbs. He tells them that they never should have opened the locks and that the hole has been there since the worlds first scream and that the "darkness" will come for them. They leave and later that night, Carl draws odd pictures in Dane's drawing book  as the light bulbs begin to explode by themselves. All are popped, leaving Carl in the dark and he lets out a disturbing scream of terror. Realizing his book is gone, Dane returns back to the factory to retrieve it. He finds the pictures and that Creepy Carl has disappeared. Julie decides to get the group relaxed and throws a pool party. While in the water, Dane sees the man at the edge of the pool and finds foot prints on the ground. Julie and him go to investigate and once they leave, Lucas is almost drowned supposedly by the puppet. Dane and a frightened Lucas leave the pool, leaving Julie feeling regretful. Dane discovers a bruise of a hand on Lucas's leg while hes sleeping. He realizes that the hand is the same one in the book and thinks that the pictures are a part of some sort of puzzle. As he tries to solve it, he hears someone whistling and finds a note from the New Jersey Sate Penitentiary that says 'HELLO BOY', much to Dane's horror. He rushes to get Lucas and tells him that someone is in the house. While Dane investigates, a cop comes in the home and asks Lucas if he's seen a missing girl and shows him a picture with two girls and implies that one of them is missing, which is revealed to be the girl who Julie encountered in the bathroom. The cop is revealed to be dead and retreats to the hole. Dane observes that the two girls have necklaces that form a heart and the other girl's necklace matches Julie's. The girl appears in Julie's room and haunts her which prompts Julie to escape. She reveal's to Dane that she had a friend and one day they were playing on the tracks of a roller coaster of an abandoned theme park when her friend fell to her doom. When a cop came to help Julie, he accidentally fell also and Julie has been haunted by it since. She concludes she must return to the scene of the crime and confront her friend. Dane goes after her and orders Lucas to remain on the lawn. Julie confronts her friend who almost causes Julie to fall as well. The girl forgive Julie and moves on. Dane finds Julie and they return home. Meanwhile, Lucas hears Dane calling him to the basement where the puppet, now with the ability to talk, attacks him. After a lengthy battle, Lucas successfully destroys the puppet by throwing it into a fan, shredding it into pieces. Dane and Julie come home and Lucas announces that hes no longer afraid of clowns. Dane then tells them of a theory that once you look into the hole it some how knows you and creates whatever your afraid of, since Julie was afraid of her guilt-ridden past and Lucas was afraid of clowns. When asked what hes afraid of, Dane claims to be fearless. Julie then allows Dane and Lucas to stay at her place tonight. As Lucas is gathering his things, Dane shows Julie the picture puzzle he tried to solve earlier which when put together, reveals a boy being taken by a giant man. Dane rushes upstairs to find that Lucas is gone. He realizes that Lucas is the boy in the picture and tells Julie that Lucas' kidnapper and the thing that Dane is afraid of is... the boys' father. He explains that their father abused them in their old apartment and was arrested for it and they have been moving from town to town because their father finds out where they last were. Dane realizes that hes taken him into the hole as bait so he can get Dane. So, Dane falls into the hole while Julie stands guard. In the "dark world", everything is a large, twisted copy of Dane's past  and his dad is a giant monstrous figure. He finds Lucas in the closet of the families old apartment because its where he used to hide. He tells Lucas that he lied when he said he was afraid of nothing and that it all took place when Lucas was a baby. Dane tells Lucas to climb a giant shoe shelf behind them so he can get out of the hole. The two start climbing when their father drags Dane back down and Lucas successfully escapes. Dane confronts his father as the world around them begins to disappear. Dane uses his father's belt  and knocks his father off a platform sending him to his doom . Dane then climbs out of the hole, now over his greatest fear  and the trio close the hole up. Susan comes home and opens the hatch to the hole to reveal that its a crawl space under the home, much to the kids surprise. As the group heads upstairs, Lucas asks his mom what her greatest fear and she replies that it would have to be a monster that was under her bed when she was a little girl. Lucas says, "Uh oh.", as the hatch opens itself up and reveals the hole again...