{{copyedit}} Juliet Devereau , an emergency room surgeon, is searching for an apartment in New York City when a viable option becomes available. Juliet decides to accept the offer from the landlord, but it then becomes evident to the viewer that someone is stalking Juliet upon her arrival in the apartment; the stalker watches her undress, in the bath, and applying lotion before a mirror. Juliet is awoken by footsteps later that evening and she finds flowers at her door, which she thinks is a present. The next day, Juliet and her co-worker, Sydney , talk about Juliet's previous relationship with Jack , whom she caught having an affair with another woman in their bed. She can't stop thinking about him and neither can he stop thinking of her. Sydney suggests that she should find another guy, and persuades her to come with her to a party. Later, Juliet thanks Max , her landlord and owner of the building, for sending her the flowers, but he admits that the gift was not from him. She then thanks August , Max's grandfather and another one of the building's residents. August explains that he wanted to put himself in her shoes, living with complete strangers. He then states that he doesn't get much company. Juliet feels uncomfortable and leaves. Later, at a party, Juliet bumps into Max and starts to flirt with him. Max and Juliet walk home together while Jack is stalking her from across the street. Before saying goodbye, Juliet kisses Max. She quickly apologizes, seeming that she read the wrong signal. Max walks away, confused and unsure of himself. Juliet and Max get along on a good start, and, after being encouraged by Sydney, she decides to ask Max out on a date, at her apartment. The date goes well. When the date ends, Max leaves but Juliet quickly tells Max to wait and she kisses him passionately, and they start having sex. The movie quickly rewinds, revealing that it was Max that was stalking Juliet at night. One day, Max brings August to the hospital, Max sees Juliet and sees her name on her nametag. Then he sees a paper, saying Juliet is looking for an apartment. So, Max makes an anonymous phone call, saying there's an apartment that is not rented yet. Max planned for Juliet to live in this particular room since Max was building it. He built a peep-hole and a one-way mirror to stalk Juliet. It also shows that Max has also been stalking her while she is jogging or going/leaving work. He followed her at the party and made it seem that he and Juliet bumped into each other. Back to the present: Juliet does not go through with the sex because she still has feelings for Jack. Juliet apologizes to Max. Max, upset and agitated, brushes it off and leaves Juliet's room. The next day, Juliet and Max discuss about the previous night and Juliet decides they should just be friends, and their relationship is landlord/tenant. Max is not ok with that. Max has constructed secret corridors, peepholes, and a one-way mirror, and uses these to observe her in secret. Also, in her absence he secretly enters her apartment to touch her clothes, use her toothbrush, and lie in her bath and masturbate. He also hides under her bed and licks her fingers while she sleeps. Max is frustrated about the fact that Jack and Juliet reconcile and, observed by Max, have sex in the apartment. Max observes this from one of his peepholes, and since this makes Max jealous, he sedates her, and touches and later rapes her while she is unconscious. Juliet wakes up and she feels weird and she overslept. She tells Sydney that maybe it's her apartment. Sydney suggests that Juliet gets a new alarm clock. Juliet gets someone to install a recorder that records her apartment. Because his grandfather August, who also lives in the house, criticizes him, Max kills him. Max follows Jack after he finishes his date with Juliet. Max follows Jack to near a subway, where he throws Jack from a flight of stairs outside, injuring him. Later at night, Max attempts to rape Juliet again, but she wakes up. Max quickly sedates her before she can actually get a good look at him, and flees. The next morning, she oversleeps again and she finds a sedate cap under her bed. Jack texts Juliet telling her they can have dinner at her place at 7. Jack goes to her place to place some champagne bottles. Max is in Juliet's room masturbating over Juliet's gown. Max comes up behind Jack and kills him. Juliet has her blood and urine analyzed, which shows the sedation. She quickly runs back home, leaving Jack a message warning him not to go to her apartment. She gets home and finds her gown on her bed, which wasn't there before she left. Moreover, her security video images show the rape. She doesn't get a perfect view of the rapist, but she knows it's Max because the night the two were going to have sex, she saw his tattoos. Max tries to drug Juliet with the wine he just brought from August's wine cellar, but Juliet refuses to have a drink. Max then tries to sedate her, but when he stabs her with the needle, Juliet stabs Max with a small kitchen knife. Max tries to kill her, chasing her around in the hidden corridors, but she defends herself with Max's nail gun, in passing seeing Jack's body. After failing to make him harmless when she has the chance, Juliet finally kills him.