{{Plot}} Two gold-digging girls , Bella  and Intan Mastura  find themselves on a cruise ship holiday after Bella loses out on the finale of reality show Siapa Nak Kahwin Jutawan?  to snag millionaire Imran  while TV personality Intan was left behind by her married millionaire boyfriend Datuk Salleh  visits his wife recuperating from a botched plastic surgery in Bangkok. On the cruise ship they meet Datuk Zakaria ; his three wives, Datin Wahidah , Naini  and Sal ; and his two children Johan  and Suri . Unfazed by her loss on the reality show, Bella finds a list of possible husband candidates on the same cruise and Intan bumps into the private eye who was hired by her married boyfriend's wife, Bahari Amri Ridzuan, or 'Ari' . A die-hard fan of her reality show, Faqir , introduces himself to Bella at the bar as she eyed an older man paying with a platinum credit card. She tells Faqir off for being too intrusive and leaves him feeling baffled and ashamed. After an awkward session of Karaoke with Datuk Zakaria, Bella and Intan stumbles on Datuk Zakaria's third wife giving Ari, who was obviously hitting on her, a cold shoulder. Intan confronts Ari for being a hypocrite homewrecker. She threatens to expose the scandal on her TV show, but he told her off for being a gold digger and stormed off. The next morning during breakfast the gold-diggers saw Datuk Zakaria's posse coming into the restaurant with Naini obviously crying. They then went off to look for possible husbands for Bella and spied on Datuk Hisham Tan Sri Kamaruddin , the man that Bella had spotted at the bar earlier and finds out he's a rich widower. The girls then hatched a plan to get Datuk Hisham's attention while Intan spies Ari and Datuk Zakaria under a flight of stairs in a rendezvous. Datuk Hisham then approached Bella returning the watch she purposely left in his book and they agreed on a dinner date. While going into a boutique to purchase a dress, Faqir approached Bella to apologize for his behavior and asked for a date. Bella told him she wasn't interested as he was obviously not a millionaire, therefore not her type. During dinner with Datuk Hisham, Bella accidentally asked him to be a partner in the cruise's ballroom dancing competition while Intan, intercepting Ari's dinner, overheard a distressed call from Datin Wahidah to him and follows him to the cold storage to meet the cruise captain  and finds out that Datuk Zakaria was murdered by poisoned mango pickles. Bella, distressed about the ballroom dancing competition plans to use Faqir as a practice partner, and Intan was adamant to crack the murder case to prove that she was a serious journalist. She meets with Ari to break down Datuk Zakaria's whereabouts at the day of the murder, while Bella convinces Faqir to go to dance classes with her and bribes him to a dinner date. Intan and Ari interviews Datuk Zakaria's family and find out that everyone has a motive to kill him, but had foolproof alibis. At the deck everyone witnesses Naini and Sal fall into the pool due to a catfight over a briefcase. After dance classes Bella meets with Datuk Hisham and hints that she likes him and he reciprocates her feelings. Intan goes to Naini and Sal's room and learns more about the briefcase. In their room, Bella was happy over the fact that Datuk Hisham liked her and asks Intan to chaperon her date with Faqir, but Intan had to leave early after receiving a call from Ari. Ari had found the briefcase being placed in front of his room and he and Intan finds out that the third wife was having an affair with another woman, and a CD of that recording was in Datuk Zakaria's briefcase. They confront Sal and she said Naini was the one planted the briefcase. After another dance lesson with Faqir, both of them meet up with Datuk Hisham and his sister Hani  who told Bella that she was unhappy with their relationship. Bella storms off and Faqir leaves Hani with a sarcastic remark. After another meeting with Sal, she exposes that Naini's company was at the verge of being bankrupt after her husband threatened to pull out all investments from her company. Ari told Intan later that he was wrong to think that she was a ditzy gold-digger, and they shared an electrifying moment. After Ari left Intan receives a text from her boyfriend surprising her of his arrival. He was unhappy with her involvement with the mystery case, and told her to drop the case and attend to him. She confronts Ari about dropping the case, he was disappointed with her decision and told her he could handle the case alone. After attempting to book a spa session with her boyfriend Intan realizes that she had cracked the case and calls Ari. Datuk Hisham then looks for Bella who was hiding at the deck steps and told her that despite his sister's remarks, he still likes her. Intan confronts Suri and told her to stall her family during dinner so that they could search their rooms. After going to her boyfriend's room, Datuk Salleh proposes to her and she dismissively took them to the spa. While Datuk Salleh sleeps on the massage table, Intan sneaks off to further investigate the case. At the ballroom dancing competition, Bella and Datuk Hashim watches the other contestants. At the suspect's room, Ari and Intan hides in the closet and jumps on Suri, who was the one who poisoned the mango pickle. She was the only suspect who had a quarrel with her father before the cruise, and was the only who could have sneaked in the poison to the cruise. Ari then received a call from the police, and it turns out that he didn't die of poisoning, but from an Erectile Dysfunction medication. At the restaurant, all three wives exposes to each other of their pregnancies, even the elderly first wife. Bella stumbles on the dance floor and storms off, to Hani's delight. Datuk Zakaria's son came up as the next competitors with a well-known homosexual partner. Upon seeing this, Datin Wahidah faints, and her necklace falls on her plate, and Datuk Zakaria's ring that was on it broke apart, exposing a diamond-shaped blue pill. The younger wives look at each other conspiratorially and tried to revive Datin Wahidah. Bella confronts Datuk Hisham that she can never marry a man just for money, despite being a gold-digger, implying that she had lied about her feelings for him. Faqir then tries to console her and surprised her with a last minute entry in the ballroom competition with them as partners. They danced flawlessly and bowed to a standing ovation. Remembering her boyfriend, Intan checks her cellphone, which had 17 missed calls and rushed to Datuk Salleh's room. He was upset with her for running off to solve the case and he told she cannot go against her wishes now they were to be married. Feeling oppressed, she threw back the engagement ring at him and walked out of the room with a satisfied smile. Coming off the cruise, Ari offers Intan a job as a private investigator to her delight. Faqir then offers the girls a ride home and an expensive ride pulls over and the driver addressed Faqir as 'Master Faqir'. Bella asked him why he hadn't mentioned that he was rich, to be responded by 'You never asked'.