On a small island, a man  is chased by an unseen figure. As he stops to catch his breath, he is decapitated by his pursuer. Meanwhile, a group of teenage high-school students, including the social outcast Emily , Emily's love interest Johnny , the flamboyant homosexual Ricky , jock Tim , boyish lesbian Maddy , stoner Q  and girly-girl Sylvia , are chosen to go on a field trip to a small island. The group, along with their teacher Mr. Argento , meet Captain J.T. Bates  who takes them to the island on his boat. Here, the group meet the eccentric couple Vincent King  and Mary Shelley  who they will be staying with. Mary begins to film the group on her hand-held recorder, saying that she is an aspiring director. At night, while the group settle in and have dinner with Vincent and Shelly, Mr. Argento finds he has to leave the island to retrieve some equipment. While Mr. Argento waits for J.T., J.T. encounters the killer who stabs him in the eye with a hook. The teenagers have a bonfire on the beach, where Emily gets increasingly angry with her undisciplined peers, however soon begins to loosen up. Tim loses a bet, and enters the sea as his forfeit. However he soon becomes freaked out after touching something in the sea . Soon after Q is scared by a figure dressed up as a clown in the forest, but both incidents are ignored. The group go to bed, not knowing Mr. Argento has been savagely murdered also. The following day, Sheriff Stoker  arrives on the island in search of a missing hunter. He questions Vincent and Mary, but both deny ever seeing him, so the Sheriff leaves. Meanwhile, the teenagers have split into two groups. As Emily and Johnny work, Tim and Sylvia leave to have sex in the forest. However the pair are attacked by the killer who murders Tim with a chainsaw before chasing Sylvia through the forest. At dinner, Emily becomes concerned with Mr Argento, Tim and Sylvia's absence and how the phone lines are down. The teenagers again have a bonfire on the beach. Q leaves in search for a phone signal, but bumps into the clown once again. Q is overpowered and his neck is crushed, killing him. The clown then takes off the mask, revealing Mary to be the killer. When Q doesn't return, Emily, Johnny, Ricky and Maddy go searching for him. They notify Vincent and Mary of the disappearances, but the pair brush it off. After the teenagers leave to continue searching, Vincent and Mary watch videos of Tim's murder, showing the couple are making a snuff film. Meanwhile, Sheriff Stoker begins to become suspiscous and makes his way back to the island. In an underground dungeon, Sylvia watches in horror, from a cage, as Vincent dances with a corpse before he torments her. Emily, Johnny, Ricky and Maddy split up to cover more ground, where Johnny finally kisses Emily. Sheriff Stoker arrives on the island and reaches Vincent and Mary's house but is swiftly murdered by the pair with an axe. In the forest, Ricky and Maddy search before Maddy is hit in the head with a brick while Ricky flees. Maddy wakes up a short time later tied to a tree. She encounters Willy , who sets her free and tells her to reach his boat on the other side of the island. As Vincent and Mary chase Ricky through the forest, they stop to take some footage, where Vincent bites a chunk out of Mary's neck, killing her. Ricky then attacks Vincent and tries to kill him, but ultimately Ricky is shot dead. Hearing the carnage, Johnny hides Emily and begins to investigate. While Maddy is searching for the boat, she finds Emily standing next to a water well. Maddy warns Emily of the murders, but Emily pushes Maddy down the well, where she is impaled on a number of spears. Vincent then emerges and congratulates his niece, Emily, for her performance. As Johnny runs through the forest, he encounters Emily who begins to seduce him, but Vincent hits Johnny over the head with a baseball bat. This angers Emily as she wished to put a sex scene in the snuff film. Vincent comforts Emily, and it is revealed they were having an affair behind Mary's back. Some time later, Johnny wakes up, tied up in the dungeon. The victims are set up beside him, while Sylvia is still trapped in a cage hanging above a pool of piranha fish. Johnny and Sylvia realize Emily set them up to come to the island and that she is making the snuff film with Vincent and Mary. Willy soon arrives and frees Johnny, but as he is freeing Sylvia, Emily and Vincent appear and shoot Willy through the chest with an arrow, killing him. Vincent then pulls a leaver that plummets Sylvia into the pool of piranha. Vincent attacks Johnny, but Johnny overpowers Vincent and stabs him in the chest with an axe, severely injuring him. Johnny escapes, chased by Emily and Vincent. He finds a boat on the beach, but Emily and Vincent catch up with him. As Vincent is about to shoot Johnny, Willy arrives and stabs Vincent to death, before Emily shoots Willy in the head. Johnny takes his opportunity and shoots Emily with a flare gun, but she runs into the sea and survives, once again attacking Johnny. However, Sylvia reveals herself to have survived, and shoots Emily dead. Deputy Radley  then arrives to take Johnny and Sylvia home. The movie ends with the footage of the murders being shown. At the end, Deputy Radley is shown to be involved with the snuff film, leaving it unknown if Johnny and Sylvia were saved or were murdered also.