People say one’s fate has been pre-determined from the start like the cards in a Texas Hold’em game. Uno , a small time crook turned Casino magnate, and Jack, the scion of a powerful gaming clan lead very different lives until fate brought them together in a poker duel of a lifetime. The setting is Macau, Las Vegas of the Orient, where the buzz in town is that Uno has snared the operations of the venerable Sun Casinos from its deceased owner. In a bid to clear his name, he has the sole heir Jack  brought back from Canada where he spent the last few years in hiding. Jack, an inept businessman and a socially awkward young man, spent his days playing online poker. When it became clear that he has neither the instinct nor the skills to take over, Uno invokes the owner’s will and takes charge of Jack's family business. Disillusioned and depressed, Jack runs into Smiley , a simple girl with a seemingly unstoppable good fortune. Together the pair conquers the poker rooms in Macau. Jack played in Uno's arch rival Ms. Fong's  casino and met her. He requested to represent her casino in the ultimate Poker King tournament to beat Uno. As Jack issues a personal challenge to Uno, it becomes clear that it isn't only bragging rights at stake, but also the throne to the gambling empire that Jack’s father had built. In the Poker King Tournament, Jack and Uno reached the final round along with Uno's henchmen. To build up Uno's playing chips, all the henchmen purposely lost to Uno leaving Jack to face Uno as the last two players. In the last game, Jack and Uno had the same set of cards but of different suits. The last card dealt out gave Jack the victory and he also reclaimed back his father's casino. It was revealed via several flashbacks, Uno built up the casino with Jack's father and the casino was to be passed down to Jack. However if Jack is incapable, Uno will inherit the casino. However, Uno added a condition that he will only inherit the casino if Jack cannot be trained up. Jack also revealed that he was also a competent poker player under the tutelage of a master poker player but acted weak to assess Uno's competence at managing the casino. Uno was rehired by Jack as the casino group's CEO while Jack will travel around the world with his teacher and participate in various poker tournament.