{{Plot}} The film starts at a British Waterways base sometime in 1962. Boatmen Hemel [Harry H. Corbett] and Ronnie [Ronnie Barker] receive orders for their pair, Banstead and Bellerophon, to take 50 tons of cargo from Brentford to Boxmoor, then run empty to Birmingham. From the start Hemel is shown to be proud of his job and his heritage and very unwilling to leave the canals, stating "The only way you'll get me off the canals is to fill 'em in!" The trailer for the film described Ronnie as "God's gift to women, returned unopened. At Brentford, while the boats are being loaded, Hemel plans out his journey, with what stops and what women. While he acts insouciant while mentioning most of the women, he is shown to have a particular soft spot for one, Christine. During the journey they come across 'the mariner' [Eric Skyes], as a gullible and irritating owner of a GRP cruiser, a boat that was becoming predominant on the canals during this time, and who would crop up throughout the film. At Rickmansworth Hemel meets with the first of his planned flames, Nelly [Miriam Karlin], at her pub 'The Boat Horse'. This does not go according to plan, first by Nelly suggesting that they should get married  and then during the evening she discovering he is seeing other women. He and Ronnie end up being chased out of the pub by Nelly wielding a knife and promising to skin Hemel if and when he returns that way. At Boxmoor while the boats are being unloaded; Hemel gets in a heated discussion with the foreman [Eric Parkes] about living on the boats. Again, Hemel defends the boats and shows his aversion to living 'on the bank'. The mariner briefly appears again here. His next flame, Cynthia, [Jo Rowbottom] joins Hemel on the butty, and Ronnie is left to work the pair on his own. While passing a factory block, pressumably turned into an office block, Hemel's popularity with women is shown by having all of the female staff leaning out of the windows as the boats pass, shouting out for Hemel and going back inside disappointed when Ronnie informs them that Hemel isn't out because "he's having his dinner". Cynthia leaves the boat when they are going down some locks. The journey continues and Ronnie asks why Hemel is bothering with Christine . Hemel says that he happens "to think very highly of this one" and Ronnie warns him that he needs to be careful with her, because of her overprotective father. The film switches over to Christine's lock keeper father, Joe , shouting at a young man whom he has pinned to the floor, evidently having been fighting with him. When he goes back into the lock cottage, his daughter starts a heated conversation about his overprotective behaviour, which he counters by saying he doesn't want her to "get tied up with one of that lot off the canal" The argument is cut short by the arrival of Ronnie and Hemmel at the lock. Hemmel gives Ronnie some money and tells him to "keep him  lashed up 'till closing time" and Ronnie and Joe go off to the pub, leaving Christine and Hemel alone. This is apparently the pattern for Hemel and Christine's liaisons. While at the pub, the only way Ronnie is able to keep Joe from going back to the house  is by challenging his ability to handle drink. This turns into a full blown competition that all the pub takes part in. Meanwhile, Christine  questions Hemel about whether he ever wants children. Hemel answers the affirmative, but this turns into a row as to whether he would leave the canal for it. This is cut short by Hemel realising how quiet the nearby pub has gone. Back at the pub Joe is the only person left awake after the drinking contest. He has won after drinking 29 pints and Ronnie is left slumped on the bar, with the rest of the pub also asleep in various positions. Joe leaves the pub and shouts "I can out-drink any man on this canal!", alerting Hemel and Christine of his imminent return. After a close call, Hemel makes it back to the boats without detection. The next morning a severely hungover Joe is being berated by Christine for drinking so much. She leaves the room to continue her work, and is shown to be feeling faint. There is the sound of breaking crockery and Joe finds her unconscious. The doctor is called and her pregnancy is revealed to Joe, who manages to ascertain from her  that the father of the child is one of the boatmen. Meanwhile; Hemel and Ronnie have made it to Birmingham. Hemel is shown with yet another woman on his arm and Ronnie is, as usual, without one at all. In order to find the father Joe drains the pound and makes a bomb and rigs it to the lockgates, promising to hold up traffic until the guilty party is found and threatening to blow up the gates if anyone tries to touch them. Ronnie and Hemel are bringing the boats back and come across the backed up traffic. They go to find out whats happened and find out Christine is pregnant. They are about to back the boats up and run away when Christine is heard pleading with some boatwomen to let her go. Hemel rushes in to defend her and the boatwomen pick up on his attitude to Christine, putting two and two together. Christine adamantly states that she wont marry him because she doesn't want to live on the boats. Joe comes forward and, after giving Hemel his blessing to marry Christine, punches him. Hemel is shown in a variety of land based jobs before the wedding, each one ending in him being fired. He is seen obviously missing the canals. Ronnie is bringing the boats through one day and Christine runs to meet him, and finds out that the boats are to be signed off in eighteen months. Christine takes pity on Hemel and enlists Ronnie's help. On Hemel and Christine's wedding day; Hemel is still upset by being on the land, although he is very happy to be with Christine. After cutting the cake, Christine tells him that she has a present for him and leads him outside. Banstead and Bellerophon, freshly painted with Hemel and Christine's names and gaily decorated, are tied up outside and Christine tells Hemel she wants to work the boats with him until the end of carrying eighteen months later. The film ends with Christine and Hemel going into the butty's cabin while Ronnie sighs and takes over the boats as he's always done.