Karthik  is a mechanical engineering graduate but aspires to become a filmmaker. Through his friend, Karthik gets introduced to a cinematographer. With his support, Karthik becomes an assistant director to Puri Jagannadh. Karthik's family, who are Hindus, rents the ground floor of a two-storeyed house which belongs to the Thekekuttus. The Thekekuttu family is a conservative Malayali Catholic family from Alappuzha, Kerala, who live upstairs. The Thekekuttus have a daughter, Jessie . When Karthik meets Jessie for the first time, he falls in love with her. Karthik expresses his love one day to her, who is afraid of speaking to men around her strict father, and ends up angering Jessie. The two meet several times afterwards and Jessie begins to admit that she likes Karthik but wants to refrain from any problems because she knows her father won't accept a Hindu marrying their daughter. Her parents learn about their affair and arrange a marriage for her. But at the wedding, she refuses to marry the groom, displeasing everyone in her family. Karthik and Jessie continue to love each other without the knowledge of their parents. Suddenly, Jessie is forced by her father to marry and seeks Karthik's help, who was in Goa for a film shooting. Busy Karthik is unable to attend to her calls and messages; Jessie is unable to reach him. After a tense phone call from Jessie, Karthik goes back one night to check on her. An angry and hurt Jessie makes a final decision to break up with Karthik because of her father's strong disapproval of their love. Later on, Karthik learns that Jessie got married and is settled abroad. Two years later, Karthik meets Nandini , who falls in love with him,. She is rejected by Karthik who cites his previous affair with Jessie whom he can not get over. He then comes up with a script for his first film, which happens to be his own love story. He calls upon Silambarasan Rajendar as the film's protagonist and Trisha Krishnan  as the female lead. The film is eventually titled Jessie. He sees Jessie three years later in the U.S. and thinks she is married. She reveals that she is not. She refused to marry anyone her parents set up because they rejected Karthik. Out of anger, her parents leave. They then get married at a Hindu temple and a church. The film ends at a theater where they watch Jessie.