Boo-Boo Bear wakes up from winter hibernation, excited about the new Spring. Then Yogi Bear wakes up, his only interest finding some food to eat. Cindy Bear unsuccessfully tries to woo Yogi. After Ranger Smith thwarts Yogi's latest attempts to grab some food, Yogi gets angry and convinces Ranger to transfer him out of Jellystone National park. Smith prepares Yogi to be sent over to the San Diego Zoo along with an identification tag. Yogi first says goodbye to everything, but tricks another bear named Cornbone into going to California instead of him and Boo-Boo and Cindy remain unaware of this thinking Yogi departed for good. Soon Yogi is stealing food from all over the park under the alter ego "The Brown Phantom", but Smith believes its another bear. He threatens whoever it is to be sent to the zoo. Cindy wishing to be with Yogi at the zoo, angers Smith into mistakenly sending her away. However she gets sent to the St. Louis Zoo instead, as the San Diego Zoo don't need anymore bears. When she realises her true destination, she gets very upset. Late that night, Cindy falls out of the train and becomes lost. A travelling circus is looking for a great act to raise their ratings, when suddenly, their dog runs off and scares Cindy into walking on the telephone wires, the perfect opportunity for the circus. Yogi has recently missed Boo-Boo and above all Cindy. Yogi goes to Ranger Smith and hears about her disappearance. Soon Yogi and Boo-Boo escape from Jellystone to find Cindy. Meanwhile Ranger Smith decides to let them find their way home by to avoid trouble with the commissioner. After an extensive travel, Yogi and Boo-Boo locate Cindy, who is being kept a prisoner for the greedy manager's nest egg. As Yogi confronts the manager, he is made to join the circus too. Boo-Boo releases Yogi and Cindy and they make their exit. As they are make their way home, they find themselves being chased and hunted by the police, but make their escape. They hitch a ride, but find themselves in the middle of a busy city and make a run from the police to the top of a hotel and across to a high rise. The next morning Ranger Smith sees the three bears on television and decides to pick them up in a helicopter. All the commotions has made a great publicity for Jellystone and Ranger Smith gets promoted to Chief Ranger.