 At a certain house, a son brutally and methodically murders all five of his family members after failing the bar exam. He then hangs himself, leaving behind a cassette recorder at the scene on which he can be heard saying, “Go… Go now.” in unison with a strange female voice. That voice belongs to a victim of the family massacre, the elementary school best friend of teenager Akane . Once on a visit, Akane saw evidence that her friend was being sexually abused by her brother, but was tragically unable to help her. When the two were young they wore yellow hats and red satchels to school. Akane, who has a strong sense of the supernatural, soon begins seeing visions of a female ghost wearing a yellow hat and red satchel.http://www.bloody-disgusting.com/film/3831 Ryuta Miyake directed a short entitled Full-Length Mirror as part of the film Tales of Terror from Tokyo and All Over Japan: The Movie . This short features elements that appear in his Ju-on: Shiroi Rōjo, and prefigures it in the way that Takashi Shimizu's In a Corner and 44444444444 prefaced his Ju-On series.  A nurse named Yuko  has a strange experience while taking care of a girl named Fukie who has been having bizarre attacks accompanied by a death rattle. Test results show a cyst inside Fukie’s body, but that cyst is actually the physical remnant of a twin that Fukie's body partially absorbed in the womb. The cyst’s grudge spreads to Fukie and everyone around her. Soon Fukie’s father, having been separated from her mother, goes mad and commits murder under the spirit's compulsion. Fukie’s mother, Kiwako, asks her sister Mariko, who has special spiritual powers, for help. They agree to get rid of the unborn spirit within Yukie and Mariko apparently succeeds but the curse tricks them into removing Fukie's spirit from the body. Later Mariko is home, where the spirit, now controlling Fukie's body, pays a visit. She punches into Mariko's stomach, killing her. As she is dying, Mariko tells her son to run, and then is pulled away. This entire time, Fukie's Spirit was watching. The evil spirit slaughters Mariko's family. The spirit  is then brought back to the hospital in an unconscious state and in a last-ditch effort, Kiwako takes the spirit and jumps off the rooftop with it, killing them both. However, the spirit is then released from the body and goes on to terrorize and murder Yuko and her neighbor.