Jennifer Hills  goes to a cabin in the woods to write her second novel. She gets lost and pulls into a gas station where she encounters a group of grease heads. They close in on her and flirt with her until she accidentally hits the panic button on her car, causing Johnny  to stumble backward into a bucket of water. Jennifer drives off and goes to the cabin. Later, Matthew  shows up to fix the bathroom sink and toilet. Jennifer kisses him on the cheek and he runs out. When he meets up with the group he tells them, "she likes me". That night the gang from the gas station show up at Jennifer's cabin, intent on forcing Jennifer to take Matthew's virginity. They assault Jennifer, making her perform fellatio on a bottle and gun. She escapes into the woods and bumps into Sheriff Storch  and Earl , the person from whom she rented the cabin. Storch takes Jennifer back to the cabin on the pretense of helping her. He finds her alcohol and marijuana, then pats her down improperly. The gang comes through the door and Jennifer realizes they are in cahoots. They hold her down while Matthew rapes her. After he is done, Jennifer leaves the cabin naked. The gang finds her, and Andy holds her head underwater while Storch anally rapes her. The others also rape her, and Stanley  records everything on his video camera. Afterward Jennifer walks onto a bridge and jumps into the river just as Storch is about to shoot her. The men search for her body but do not find it. Jennifer survives, living in a run-down house in the woods for a month, eating bugs, rodents, and garbage. She stalks her rapists to learn details of their lives. When Matthew is in the cabin, Jennifer lures him up the stairs by calling out for him. He becomes frantic and slips down the stairs. When he wakes up, Jennifer is on the couch watching him. He apologizes for what he did, but she shows no mercy, putting a noose around his neck and strangling him. She captures Stanley in a bear trap, sets up his camera, and holds his eyes open with fish hooks. She guts a fish and spreads the guts in his eyes and face. Crows come and peck on his face and eyeballs. Jennifer knocks Andy  out with a baseball bat and ties him up over a bathtub which is filling with water. She puts lye in the water and when his strength gives, he collapses into the water. Each time he pulls himself up we see that his face is dissolving. Jennifer strings Johnny up naked, pulls his teeth out with pliers, then forces him to perform fellatio on his pistol. Finally she cuts off his penis, sticks it in his mouth, and leaves him to bleed to death. After killing Johnny, Jennifer visits Storch's family. Storch races home and learns Jennifer has taken his daughter to the park. Storch goes to the park but no one is there. He gets back in his car and Jennifer knocks him unconscious. When he wakes, Jennifer rapes him with his shotgun. She has attached one end of a string to the trigger and the other end to Matthew's wrist. Matthew is alive but unconscious, and Jennifer tells Storch, "If I were you, I'd tell him not to move". When Matthew wakes up, he triggers the shotgun, killing himself and Storch. Jennifer sits on a fallen tree and smiles.