In inner city London, a street dance crew is on the verge of breaking up after its leader, Jay , leaves the group unexpectedly. The group loses the use of their rehearsal space, forcing them to try to raise money or practice in other locations. Eventually they secure a space in a ballet school, on the condition that they include five ballet dancers in their routine. At first, they struggle to get along, but they all become friends in the end. One of the teachers at the ballet school, Helena , takes Carly  to a ballet where she starts getting ideas for their routine. When she arrives home, Carly finds Jay waiting for her and the two spend the night together. During a dance battle in a club the next night, the team learn that Jay has betrayed the team by joining The Surge, a rival crew. Jay brags about his sex with Carly and Tomas , a ballet dancer, punches Jay out of anger. Jay is furious and swears revenge. Carly, upset over the betrayal, leaves the club and is nearly hit by a car before Tomas pulls her out of the way. Tomas then takes Carly back to his apartment where they dance on the roof, eventually kissing. Carly then leaves him alone on the roof, while they both look at the sunrise and smile. The next day at the school, Carly announces the new name of their dance crew: Breakin Point. Another teacher at the school, outraged that her students are being corrupted, deliberately plans a Royal Ballet audition for the same day as the street dance finals. The ballet dancers promise Carly they will make it, but the auditions were running overtime. In an attempt to give Breakin Point more time to wait for the ballet dancers, Carly's friend Eddie  goes out onto the dance floor and starts dancing, surprising the crew and wowing the audience. The ballet team turn up at the final anyway, and their teacher Helena drives the judges to the final so they can see the dancers perform. The routine is a success, Carly and Tomas kiss during the performance, and the crowd is enthralled. Jay is furious that The Surge have been beaten and he's lost Carly. The film ends with Breakin Point and The Surge dancing to N-Dubz' "We Dance On".