In the small town of Paradise, Massachusetts, chief of police Jesse Stone  is on the phone with his ex-wife in Los Angeles who tells him not to call her that night. She's started seeing someone who finds it strange that the two still talk every evening. Jesse is dealing with other changes in his life. His deputy Luther "Suitcase" Simpson  is still in a coma from a head-wound he received in a supermarket robbery, his other deputy, Molly Crane, resigned from the force to have children, and her replacement, Rose Gammon , finds Jesse's behavior a little strange. Rose once worked for Jesse's predecessor. Jesse is still struggling to control his drinking. He receives advice on the street from a concerned neighbor, Hilda Evans , who recommends the music of Johannes Brahms to comfort him when he's feeling troubled. After stopping by the hospital to read to Luther, then stopping to give a parking ticket to brash Sybil Martin , Jesse returns home alone and plays a record album he purchased of Brahms' piano music.The music is from Six Pieces for Piano, Intermezzo in A Major, Op. 118 No. 2 by Johannes Brahms. Completed in 1893 and dedicated to Clara Schumann, the collection was the second to last composition to be published during Brahms' lifetime, and his second to last work composed for solo piano. As part of the murder investigation, Jesse drives to the home of Rebecca's sister, Leeann , who moved back to Massachusetts following the discovery of Rebecca's body to care for her ailing mother. After questioning her about her sister, Jesse asks how she could afford the expensive hospice care. Leeann tells him she made a lot of money in real estate while living in Beverly Hills. In the coming days, Jesse and Leeann talk on the phone and are clearly attracted to each other. Later, Jesse drives back to Leeann and they have dinner together, kissing each other goodnight. Meanwhile, Luther's "coply intuition" leads him to request a background check on Leeann, which reveals that she was reported missing by her landlady the day of the robbery. The report also indicates that Leeann worked as a waitress, not in real estate. Jesse deduces that the woman claiming to be Leeann is actually Rebecca. Jesse drives back to Leeann's home and reveals that he knows her true identity. Rebecca admits that when she had discovered the money laundering operation at the bank, she convinced Leeann to pose as a male bank robber and take her hostage. Her plans went wrong when the guard shot Leeann during the robbery. When the sisters reached the spot where they had planned to change clothes, Leeann died from her gunshot wound. Rebecca stripped Leeann of the robber's clothes, buried them, put her clothes on Leeann and buried her too. She took the money and returned to California, assuming her sister's identity. Two years later, her mother suffered a stroke the day after the body of Leeann was discovered and misidentified as Rebecca. She moved back to Massachusetts to care for her, still posing as Leeann. Knowing that if he arrests Rebecca, her mother will have no one. As he leaves, Jesse says, "You won't be hearing from me again." Back in Boston, Jesse tells Gino that the woman who stole his money from the bank used most of it taking care of her sick mother. At first thinking Jesse is being facetious, Gino comes to believe that Jesse in fact does not know where the money is and agrees to call off Terrance. Returning home to Paradise that night, Jesse calls Rebecca but is unable to speak. As he straightens his framed picture of Ozzie Smith that is perpetually crooked, Terrance steps from the shadows and fires a shot at him. Seeing Terrance in the reflection of the glass, Jesse avoids the shot, dives for his gun on the coffee table, and takes cover behind the kitchen counter where he returns fire and kills Terrance Genest. Afterwards, Jesse walks out onto the deck, sits down with a drink, and with Reggie at his side, looks out in loneliness at the evening sky.