{{plot|section|date"DVD Outsider: Made In Britain Synopsis and Review"/> The deputy superintendent in the assessment centre, Peter Clive ([[Bill Stewart , admits Trevor, and he is allocated a room with Errol ([[Terry Richards . Errol tells him about the contract that centre inmates are made to sign, promising to cooperate. The next day, Trevor leaves the assessment centre, to visit the job centre and procure a job, as instructed by the magistrate. Trevor, accompanied by Errol, breaks into a car and drives to the job centre. Near the job centre, he buys Evo-Stik for huffing,<ref name105633 Channel 4: Made In Britain Review]". Retrieved on 25 June 2008. He then breaks into another car, and takes it and drives away. Trevor refuses to admit that he has stolen the car, but agrees to get rid of it. Inside the assessment centre, when Peter Clive asks him why he did it, Trevor refuses to co-operate and give a reasonable answer. He then demands lunch, only to be informed that he is too late. Trevor flies into a rage and tries kicking down the cafeteria door. The chef  rushes out to stop him, only to be kicked in the groin by Trevor, who unleashes a vicious attack on him,Grunert, Andrea. "Emotion and Cognition: About Some Key-Figures in Films by Alan Clarke". Artbrain. Retrieved on 25 June 2008. The superintendent  arrives, and proceeds to show Trevor an overview of what he has been through and where he is heading - prison - if he refuses to cooperate and continues this way. Uncharacteristically, Trevor is not aggressive and is lost for words, listening to the superintendent without attempting to talk him down. The superintendent is extremely articulate and faces little resistance from Trevor, who is silenced by his pithy putdowns. As soon as the superintendent leaves, Trevor is back to his usual self, and confronts Barry Giller and Peter Clive, mouthing obscenities against immigrants, the education system, dishonesty, and mindless conformity.Nightingale, Chris. "A Taste of the British: Made In Britain Review". Retrieved on 25 June 2008. Trevor refuses to keep the peace, and eventually Barry and Peter decide to send him to a secure unit. However, while Barry is out making arrangements to send Trevor away, Peter offers to take Trevor banger racing if he promises to behave. Trevor and Errol make their way into the office, where Trevor rummages through the documents until he finds their respective files. Trevor reads through Errol's reports and contract, and finds a report titled 'The Future', which reads "It seems unlikely for this child to return home, his mother having rejected him for her own lifestyle. Bearing this in mind, future care seems to be the alternative. We would recommend a care order be made, in order to be able to continue our assessment of his needs." He then proclaims to Errol "You're in here for life, mate!". Errol looks confused and dejected and asks "What'll I do!?". Trevor is enraged. He drops the files on the floor and tells Errol to "Piss on it, fuckin' shit on it!". Errol defecates on his files, and Trevor urinates on his."DVD Verdict: Made In Britain Review". Retrieved on 25 June 2008. Trevor and Errol get out of the assessment centre, and drive away in the centre's Ford Transit van. They reach Mr. Shahnawaz's neighbourhood and hurl stones through the windows, and scream racial slurs. They get into the van and drive away. Trevor drives to a police station, and smashes the van into a car. Errol is rendered unconscious by the impact. Trevor exits the van and runs away, leaving Errol to be apprehended by the police. He begins running into a tunnel, and screams "Bollocks!" Inside the tunnel, he discards his t-shirt, and screams at a passing vehicle after trying to kick it. Trevor walks past a school, presumably his, pausing to gaze through the iron gates before continuing on his way. It is early morning by the time Trevor reaches Harry Parker's home. Harry is busy packing, and is preparing to leave on a holiday with his family. He is displeased to see Trevor in this state. He tells him to go back to the assessment centre before it is too late. Trevor informs Harry of his misadventures, and tells him that he is turning himself in. Harry, although reluctant at first, makes the necessary calls to the police. P.C. Anson smiles and says, 'You think you're fucking hard.' Trevor, for the first time, looks defeated. He slumps in agony and shock, his face reddening. The warder tells Trevor that he is all talk, and decries his protests, saying that he has no choice but to respect authority and obey the rules, like everybody else. The play ends with Trevor recovering from the pain and grinning, as the warders shut the door of his cell.