G. Krishnamoorthy aka G. K.  is a cartoonist and investigative journalist working in New Delhi. Urvashi plays the role of his sister Uma, who is also a journalist. G. K. falls in love with Maria Fernandes  who is a professional dancer in New Delhi. C. R. Panikkar  and Shankar ([[Devan , two political icons, book a dance show of Maria on the eve of republic day. They called her to a hotel room where she is brutally raped. G. K. decides to report this incident in his newspaper. But the chief editor, instead of congratulating him informs the villain about his plan. G. K. was arrested by the police that night on fake charges. He was brought to the court where he had to face many false witnesses including Fernandes, Maria's father who claimed nobody harmed his daughter. The court slaps GK with a five year rigorous imprisonment with the verdict that G. K. was mentally unfit and should be kept in a mental asylum for one and a half years. G. K. had to face lot of brutalities in the mental asylum and prison. G. K. meets Ananthan ([[Vijayaraghavan , Siddiq([[Siddique and Appu's acquaintance from the jail. He was once selected to be set free from prison as part of Republic day but was denied the chance by Shankar. Nataraj Vishnu  was a murderer who was sentenced to death by the court. G.K., who already had a plan of avenge met Vishnu and offered him help for breaking out of the jail. After completing the five year period, G.K. is free. Maria was all set, ready with a new newspaper which she dedicates to G.K. He arranged every help for Vishnu, Ananthan, Siddiq and Appu to break the jail. G.K. delayed the issuing of his newspaper even if his newspaper had all facilities and trained journalists including Uma and Suresh , Uma's fiancee. He wanted his newspaper to release only after getting a very sensational news. G.K. instructed the four membered team to kill C. R. Panikkar. He was electrocuted and killed, the torturing method G.K. had to face in the mental asylum. The newspaper was printed the night Panikkar was killed. The newspaper had a grand reception by the people since this sensational news. G.K. murdered everyone involved in torturing him brutally and reported this in his newspaper before the actual occurrence of the incident. G.K.'s newspaper soon became the leading newspaper in India. Uma and Suresh had doubts about how the news being published in their newspaper so early by the "unknown" reporter. G.K. instructed the team to kill Suresh who got some evidences and photos about this. G.K. who later came to know about the affair between Uma and Suresh tried to rescue Suresh but could not. The last prey of G.K.'s series of killings was Shankar, who was a central minister then. G.K. as usual, instructed the team to kill Shankar and he published a news about Minister Shankar's murder. But the team could not cross the tight security and kill him. They all were killed in an encounter with police. G.K. who was all set to release his next day's newspaper was arrested by the police in conspirating the attack on Shankar. Shankar came to the office of G.K. to harass him. G.K. tried the last chance to kill Shankar with his pistol but failed in that too. Soon, Maria Fernandes shoots Shankar with the pistol. The police tried to lock her, but she succeeded in killing him.