Detective Allen Gamble  is a mild-mannered forensic accountant. Hot-tempered detective Terry Hoitz  has been stuck with Allen as his partner ever since he shot Derek Jeter during the World Series. Allen and Hoitz often receive no respect from the other officers, particularly detectives Martin and Fosse . Allen and all the policemen at the precinct  idolize cocky detectives Chris Danson and P.K. Highsmith , who are considered the city's best policemen even though they frequently cause millions of dollars in property damage catching petty criminals. During a pursuit of a group of jewelry robbers, Danson and Highsmith leap to their deaths after agreeing to aim for the bushes twenty stories below them [there were no bushes], leaving almost everyone wondering why they did it - and who's next to take their place. Allen and Terry begin to investigate a scaffolding permit violation by multi-billionaire David Ershon , but wind up uncovering a much bigger plot by Ershon to cover his losses to his client Lendl Global. Lendl CEO Pamela Boardman  hires a team of mercenaries led by Roger Wesley ([[Ray Stevenson  to make sure Ershon pays her back, and to make sure no one stops him from doing so. During their investigation, Allen confides in Terry about his college life running a dating service under the guise of "Gator," adamantly refuting Terry's accusation that he was a pimp. When his life spiraled out of control, he was sent to the hospital where he met his future wife Sheila , and he promised Sheila that he would never get out of control again. However, when having dinner one night with Sheila, she tells Allen that she's pregnant, causing Allen's old dark personality to re-emerge and she kicks him out of the house. Meanwhile, Terry tries and fails to reconnect with his ex-fiance Francine , who walked out on him due to his reckless behavior. Their investigation comes to a halt when Ershon's attorney Don Beaman  learns of his plan to cover his losses, leading Wesley to kill him and make it look like a suicide. Angered at their lack of progress, Capt. Gene Mauch  splits up Allen and Terry, sending Terry to traffic duty and Allen to beat patrol. Despite Terry's anger at him and his personal life, Allen still tries to solve the crime on his own and after learning that the jewelry robbery that Danson and Highsmith died over was staged so that Wesley and his team could break into an accounting firm next door, he finally gets credible evidence and earns his gun back from Mauch. Allen then convinces Terry to rejoin him. They meet Capt. Mauch at Bed Bath & Beyond, his second job, where the police captain admits he has been holding off on the case because Ershon has high-profile connections that could ruin him, and he allows them to finish the case off-the-books. They go to an investment meeting Ershon is having and realize that the $32 billion Ershon seeks is really coming from the New York Police Department pension fund. They escape with Ershon to his private apartment, and Ershon tells them that the money for the pension fund is already in his account, ready to be transferred. That night, Allen and Terry finally reconcile with their loved ones. Allen professes his full love for Sheila. Sheila welcomes her husband back, and Terry apologizes to Francine for letting his anger rule his life. The next morning, they drive to the bank to stop the transfer, evading Wesley's team, groups of Chechen and Nigerian investors to whom Ershon owes money, and police officers who are told Allen and Terry have gone rogue. They reach the bank and halt the transfer, but Wesley arrives and shoots both officers and Ershon. Mauch finally arrives with police backup, rescuing the two and arresting Ershon for his embezzlement, and Wesley for multiple counts of murder. Ershon's arrest leads to a stock market crash and the subsequent federal bailout of Lendl Global. Terry gets married to Francine, although he is infatuated with Sheila. Sheila is happily back with her husband. The narrator finishes off stating that the true heroes are the ones who make the world a better place, not the ones who appear in the newspaper or on TV.