The film opens with Chloe getting dressed. In a voice over, she discusses her business as a call girl. Catherine is a gynecologist and her husband David is a college professor. Catherine suspects David of having an affair after she sees a cell-phone picture of him embracing a female student. After work, Catherine stops by the hotel bar where Chloe waits for clients. Chloe tells her that she doesn't usually service women. Catherine tells Chloe she wants to hire her to test David's loyalty. The next evening Catherine and Chloe meet and Chloe tells Catherine that he asked her if he could kiss her, and he did. Angered, Catherine tells Chloe that wasn't what she wanted her to do. However, she insists that Chloe meet with David again. Over the next few nights, they meet and Chloe describes in explicit detail her encounters with David, which arouses Catherine. The two kiss; Catherine leaves. Later, she recalls her meeting with Chloe, then meets Chloe at a hotel and has sex with her. Afterwards, David asks her if she's been unfaithful. Catherine tells him she thinks he's been unfaithful. David does not respond. The next afternoon the two women meet and Catherine calls off their relationship. That night Catherine and David go to a coffee house, where Catherine demands that David admit that he is having an affair. David denies it. Chloe suddenly walks in and David does not appear to know who she is. Chloe leaves quickly, and Catherine realizes that Chloe made up her encounters with David. Catherine confesses her sexual encounters with Chloe. David embraces and kisses her. Chloe goes to the Stewart home and has sex with Catherine's son Michael in Catherine and David's bed. Catherine arrives home to find them. Chloe tells Catherine that she cannot be bought off with money, and that she is in love with her, and threatens to hurt Catherine with her hair pin. Catherine asks Chloe what she wants. Chloe asks for one last kiss and Catherine complies. Michael sees, startling Catherine and causing her to push Chloe into the bedroom window, breaking the glass. Chloe manages to grab hold of the frame but then she lets go and falls to her death. Paramedics wheel away the body while Catherine is comforted by her husband. Later, at Michael's graduation party, Catherine is wearing Chloe's hairpin in her hair.