 The film starts with 19-year-old Brooklynite Libby Tucker  visiting her dead grandma's grave at a New York cemetery, and informs that she was moving to Hollywood to become an actress and find her father, Screenwriter Herbert Tucker. Libby takes the bus to Denver, then hitchhikes the rest of the way. Libby then tries to call Herb but gets nervous and hangs up. The next morning, Libby goes to the house Herb lives where she meets his girlfriend, Steffy Blondell  who invites Libby in. Libby and Steffy find out about each other's past and the reason why Libby is in town. After Steffy steps out, Herbert Tucker  awakens to see Libby after a 16 year gap. The two chat about their pasts and Libby fills Herbert in on the family he left behind including Libby. The two eventually begin arguing about Libby's goal of becoming an actress just as Steffy returns, and ran out, leaving them behind. Herbert later finds Libby at a motel and eventually persuades her to come back to the house where she would redecorate. Steffy helps out Libby by having her go to a Drama School; She would meet a young man named Gordon there. One night, Libby comes home at 3:00 A.M. to tell Herbert that he was out meeting famous people and putting cards on their car windshields saying, "Sunset Valet Parking. No party is too big or too small" while on the back it says, "Libby Tucker, New York, Trained Actress. No part is too big or too small" with the phone number attached. He tells her that there is no chance of becoming an actress; later they would talk about sex. Eventually, Libby realizes she is unsure if she wants to be an actress. After a few more days she decides to return home. After packing up, Libby makes a long distance phone call to mom and gets Herbert to talk to her for the first time in 16 years. Libby goes back home after taking his pictures. On the bus, she ends the film by saying that she was unsure of her future as she was "sort of in a transitional period." Libby waves goodbye to Herbert and Steffy as she goes back home to New York.