Cinta is a popular teenage girl living a comfortable lifestyle. She is gifted and accomplished, surrounded by a group of faithful friends, and has caring and supportive parents. The story begins with Cinta and her four best friends crying on each other's shoulders for Alya, who was the victim of domestic abuse by her father. Cinta recites the group's pledge to the buku curhat, a diary or scrapbook shared by the girls, that a problem one of them is going through is to be shared with all of them. Cinta is a school poet who has been honored for her work, and, in her final year of high school, she submits a beautiful poem to the yearly poetry contest. However, the grand prize in the contest is awarded to a boy named Rangga. However, Rangga, rather than going to the podium to receive his prize, took offence and retreated to a hiding spot. In direct contrast to Cinta, Rangga's name is rarely heard of in the school, and his best friend is the school janitor. Rangga lives in a lower-middle-class neighbourhood with his father Yusrizal, whose outspokenness has led to bomb threats from pro-government thugs. Moreover, his parents divorced because of his father's disengagement from the government office for exposing government corruption. Cinta is somewhat jealous of Rangga's unexpected victory, but is careful not to show it. This leads Cinta to search for Rangga and request an interview for the school bulletin. However, Rangga immediately detects insincerity in Cinta's congratulations and walks away, leaving Cinta to be irritated by his perceived arrogance. As it turns out, Rangga never entered his poem for the contest; it was submitted on his behalf by the school janitor. Cinta starts finding herself admiring Rangga's poetry and sees that they have a shared interest in classical Indonesian literature, and the two began to keep in touch regularly. The two become friends, although their friendship is coloured with quarrels and arguments. The two like each other and the friendship begins to evolve into romance, but fear and pride keep either Cinta or Rangga from admitting it. The secret friendship causes dramatic changes in Cinta's behaviour, resulting in problems with Cinta's group of girl friends. Rangga is beaten up by Borné, a popular rich boy who had been trying to enter a relationship with Cinta. One day, a date with Rangga makes Cinta ignore a desperate phone call from Alya. This produces a tragic consequence and a crisis of trust among the five friends. Cinta's guilt and shame at herself causes her to lash out at Rangga and jeopardise their friendship.