 Frank Moses, a former black-ops CIA agent, is retired and living a quiet life in a Cleveland suburb. However, Frank feels lonely and often chats on the phone with Sarah, a customer service agent working for his pension office in Kansas City. He creates opportunities to talk to her by tearing up his pension checks and calling her to say they had never arrived. His life is disrupted when a hit squad raids his house in the middle of the night. Frank kills the assassins and, knowing they have tapped his phone, goes to Kansas City to protect Sarah. She becomes Frank's reluctant companion, while he tries to find out who is trying to kill him, and track down his old black ops team for help. Meanwhile, CIA agent William Cooper is assigned to hunt and kill Frank. Frank first goes to New Orleans and finds his terminally ill mentor Joe Matheson, living in a retirement community. Joe tells Frank that the same hit squad was also responsible for the murder of a reporter for The New York Times. While avoiding Cooper, Frank and Sarah find clues left behind by the deceased reporter, which leads them to a hit list. They then track down Marvin Boggs, also a former black ops agent and a paranoid conspiracy theorist, to provide more information. Marvin tells them that the names on the list are all connected to a 1981 secret mission in Guatemala in which Frank and Marvin participated, and that one person, Gabriel Singer, is still alive. The trio track down Singer, who tells them that the mission involved extracting a person from a village and that everybody on the list has been killed to silence them. Singer is then assassinated by a helicopter-borne machine-gunner, and the team escapes as Cooper closes in. With the help of an Ex-Russian secret agent Ivan Simanov, Frank and Sarah infiltrate the CIA headquarters to steal the file but Frank is injured in the process. Joe, having escaped an attempt on his life, comes and helps extract the team. They all hide out in the home of Victoria, who also misses her old life as a wetwork agent and joins the team. After reviewing the file, all the team can figure out is that the only man involved on the reporter's list but not in the file, Alexander Dunning, has some way of protecting himself. The team arrives at Dunning's house, where he reveals under interrogation that the mission was to extract Vice-President Robert Stanton, who at the time was a young lieutenant who experienced a breakdown and massacred the occupants of the village. It becomes apparent that Stanton is trying to erase all the loose ends as he plans to run for president. At that moment, Cooper and the FBI surround Dunning's mansion. Cooper tries to negotiate Frank's surrender, but Frank tells Cooper about the vice-president's treachery, which shakes his faith. Joe sacrifices himself by taking Frank's place and pretending to give up. While Victoria keeps her sight on Cooper, Joe exits the house and is killed by an unknown sniper. The confusion buys the team enough time to escape, but Sarah is captured. Frank calls Cooper and threatens his family if Sarah is harmed, and says that he intends to kill Stanton. The team, along with Ivan , infiltrate Stanton's fundraising gala in Chicago and successfully kidnap him despite Cooper's best efforts to stop them. Frank calls Cooper and says he is willing to trade Stanton for Sarah. At the meeting point, Dunning arrives and reveals that he is the mastermind behind the assassinations and that Stanton was merely a pawn. Cooper's handler, Cynthia Wilkes is also in on the plot. Disgusted with Dunning and Wilkes' greed and corruption, Cooper shoots Wilkes while Marvin and Victoria kill Dunning's bodyguards, and Frank crushes Dunning's windpipe. Cooper agrees to let Frank and his team go. As they leave the scene, Frank and Sarah are eager to start a new life together. The final scene shows Frank and Marvin in Moldova, fleeing from Moldovan Army troops with a stolen nuclear device, in a wooden wheelbarrow with Marvin wearing a dress being pushed by Frank.