Granny is planning a day-long trip into town and leaves Hector in charge of looking after Tweety and keeping Sylvester away; mimicking gunfire, she threatens to shoot and kill him if Tweety is harmed. Later, Sylvester  sneaks up on Tweety and grabs him out of his cage, but Hector quickly sniffs out the cat and chases him away; Sylvester's attempt to get Hector to shut up  only make him angrier. Tweety, deciding he needs a little fresh air as long as he's outside his cage, decides to look around the barnyard. He greets a cow  and a pig  before immediately identifying Sylvester wearing a rubber goat's head mask  The chase this time leads to the fenced in area of a chicken coop, where a large male rooster  serves as the cat's nemesis. Upon taking refuge amongst several chicks in a nest, Sylvester tries using a wind-up toy soldier to get the hens to stand up, allowing the cat to kidnap what the mother hen thinks is one of her children. The rooster intervenes and, after making Sylvester give the bird back—Tweety sarcastically says: "You tee, he's really a nice puddy tat," before scoffing—sets up a screen and beats up the puddy tat. Later, Tweety feeds with the chicks, himself mimicking a chick, the bird advising a worm  to hide or he'll be eaten. Sylvester disguises himself with a red glove as a hen and calls Tweety over. Before the cat can grab dinner, the rooster decides to "court" Sylvester. The courtship immediately ends, the rooster demanding that Sylvester lay eggs; when the rooster's suspicion is confirmed, he decides to "see" if the cat can "hatch" an egg by making him sit on a live grenade. Just then, Hector realizes Tweety is outside his cage and hears Granny's horse and buggy coming back home. After envisioning his execution , Hector finds Sylvester and demands to know the bird's whereabouts. Short on time and Sylvester unable to answer, Hector hastily paints the cat yellow, places him in Tweety's cage and makes him sing. The ruse works, and Hector's well-being is ensured. Tweety then comes into the yard, sees Sylvester in the cage acting like a bird. "Ho ho! If he's a birdie, den dat makes me a putty tat!" the bird scoffs before meowing, and scratching and hissing at Hector.