Jayarajan , an over-enthusiastic assistant manager at a tea plantation plans to loot a huge amount. He lures two debt-ridden subordinates, Chandran ([[Rahman  and Johnny , into his conspiracy. Though unwillingly, both agree. But during their attempt, A.K.Menon ([[Janardhanan , the manager of the company catches them red-handed. To keep matters under wraps, Jayarajan enters Menon's house at night along with Johnny and Chandran. Jayarajan kills Menon and escapes from the house. He acts normal the next day and provides help to the police. But both Johnny and Chandran feel guilty. Jayarajan threatens both to keep silent and act as if nothing happened. Soon, however, Jayarajan is elevated as the new Manager of the company. Devi , the virgin young widow of Menon arrives at the plantation for future financial formalities. Jayarajan, who already was having an affair with Padma, a nurse, now eyes Devi. He succeeds in taking her to bed and plans to take up all the financial benefits that she may get as Menon's bereavement benefits. But a cop, Ravi , becomes suspicious of Jayarajan although he finds himself no match for the flawless and naturally responsive demeanour of Jayarajan. However, neither is he shunning his illicit relationship with Padma, an occasional prostitute and a nurse by profession. In a strange turn of events, for fear of a faint-hearted Chandran spilling out the beans of the Manager's murder and to satiate his avarice and taste of the fresher flesh, Jayarajan finishes off Johnny and Padma. His impeccable yet vile and strong character raises no suspicions of the two new deaths of anybody except Chandran, whose silence Jayarajan buys with scare tactics. Meanwhile, the elderly owner of the estate  visits the plantation. Knowing that his young daughter Vasanthi is set to inherit the company, Jayarajan tries to woo her too. But Devi becomes a hindrance in his plans and her insistence for a marriage pushes him to plot killing her too. But before he can kill Devi, Chandran informs Vasanthi the truth about the death of Menon and both succeed in calling up cops. But before getting arrested by Ravi, Jayarajan jumps down and commits suicide.