During routine administration at the Lyndon B. Johnson Space Center, Dr. Rhodes discovers that a comet has suddenly veered off its orbit and smashed into Mars. The explosion causes debris to travel towards Earth with the possibility of causing an extinction level event. At Ben Marshall's house, Ben refuses to give his son, Leo, a ride as he complained his own car smelled of mildew. However, Ben drives Leo to school and discovers Leo is in love with a fellow student, Lindsey. Leo is chatting with Lindsey when her ex-boyfriend, Sean, gives them threatening looks. Terry, Ben's autistic brother, refuses to let Samantha, Ben's daughter, take the school bus, which is having mechanical problems. Lynne, Ben's wife, comes home to discover that and drives Samantha to school. They are caught in a traffic jam caused by an incident involving the school bus. After discovering that an anomaly in space could have pulled the comet off orbit with its strong gravitational pull and that this anomaly is possibly reaching or bypassing Earth, they contact physicists, Trish Zane and Tom Lively, to help to prevent it. They discover that the anomaly is a strangelet, and it is traveling towards earth. The Russian and Chinese decide to fire nuclear missiles at the North Pole to cause a polar shift, hoping to resolve the issue. The polar shift triggers chain reactions which cause earthquakes, typhoons and tropical storms, which destroy New York , London, and other cities in the process. Ben brings Leo and Lindsey home after he receives news about the anomaly. They hide safely in the basement when a tornado struck, destroying the neighborhood. Terry convinces both Ben and Lynne that he has a solution to the problem. Ben drives Terry to the Space Center in Houston while Lynne takes Leo, Lindsey, and Samantha to the rescue center. Leo and Lindsey leave the center to search for Lindsey's family. They discover Sean and his friends raiding a house. Sean fatally shoots Leo in the midst of an argument and attempts to rape Lindsey. Lynne, worried that Leo and Lindsey are not back, goes to find them and rescues Lindsey. However, the house they were in is sucked away due to the effect of the strangelet nearing Earth. Along the way to Houston, Ben and Terry encounter a broken down vehicle. While trying to help, Ben is attacked but Terry takes out the attacker and they continue on their way. Ben suffers a heart attack but they manage to reach the Space Center. They gain entry because Terry knows Dr. Rhodes's verbal password. Terry manages to convince Dr. Rhodes of his calculations, which was shown to be accurate. Ben dies from his heart attack. After launching the nuclear missiles via LGM-118 Peacekeeper at the strangelet, time is reversed back to the starting of the film and Ben is shown to be much kinder to Terry and Leo.