The movie starts in the present and in clips looks back at how Cindy and Dean come together. Dean is a young high school dropout, working for a New York City moving company. Cindy is a pre-med student living with her unhappy parents and caring for her grandmother in Pennsylvania. Cindy and Dean meet by chance and rush into marriage after discovering that Cindy is pregnant, possibly from her previous boyfriend Bobby . Dean agrees to raise Cindy's daughter, Frankie, as his own. Before the wedding, Bobby, unaware of Cindy's pregnancy, finds and assaults Dean at his job. This narrative of their courtship is intercut with that of a weekend some five years later regarding the dissolution of their marriage. By this point, they live in rural Pennsylvania and Dean works at painting houses while Cindy is a nurse. Though Dean is content with their life, Cindy believes he drinks too much and lacks ambition. In the hope of resurrecting their troubled relationship, Dean brings Cindy to a motel. As they go to the motel they stop off to get alcohol. As she is inside she sees Bobby and talks to him for a while. Bobby asks Cindy if she has ever cheated on her husband and she ultimately leaves after saying no. When she and Dean are in the car Cindy tells Dean about seeing Bobby and he is upset. During their trip to and at the motel they fight, but Cindy is called away early in the morning to work at the clinic. Angry that Cindy departed without telling him, Dean shows up at the clinic drunk, leading to an intense argument and violent altercation with a doctor, who fires Cindy over the incident. Dean tries to persuade her to give the relationship another chance, asking if she wants their daughter to grow up in a broken home, but Cindy says she does not want Frankie to grow up with parents who are so hateful to each other. Dean tries to embrace Cindy, but then we see him walking away from the house, though Frankie runs after him asking him to stay. Dean tells his daughter to go back to her Mom, and Dean keeps walking.{{cite news}}