Ming's four friends - Annie, Rubbish, Big-B and Biggie - play a game of "contacting ghosts". They mix their blood in a bowl of water and each of them drinks from it, so that their minds will be "connected" as they inhale fumes from the burning of oil secreted from a dead body. During the game, Ming, who does not participate and has the ability to see spirits, sees a female ghost with long hair and dressed in blue. He interrupts the game, much to everyone's unhappiness. Rubbish goes to the bathroom but a while later he dashes out in fear, saying that he saw a ghost. Ming and the others go into the bathroom and see Rubbish submerged inside the bathtub. They are horrified and confused, and see Rubbish approaching from outside the bathroom. They cower in fear and look back at the bathtub, which is now empty. They rush outside into the living room and see Rubbish lying dead on the floor, his face contorted into an expression of fear. Ming's elder sister Cissy, and her fiance Jack, are both reporters and they investigate the case. Cissy also scolds Ming for dabbling with the supernatural. In the meantime, Ming's three surviving friends encounter trouble - Big-B falls off a building and dies after seeing an illusion of Biggie asking him to meet her on the rooftop; Biggie strangles her mother to death before stabbing herself with a knife; Annie enters a trance and starts behaving strangely. Fearing that Ming might die as well, Cissy and Ming seek help from their friend Fa-mo, a drama teacher. They believe that the paranormal events are linked to the corpse oil, so Ming goes back to Rubbish's house to find clues, and sees Rubbish's ghost being taken away before he can ask anything. At the same time, Jack, who is skeptical about the supernatural, encounters a ghost in the washroom and falls sick, suffering from chills. Fa-mo tries to link the events together to solve the mystery. He discovers that Rubbish and Jack both lived around the same area, which used to be a village called Wong-san, where a bizarre massacre occurred nearly 100 years ago. Ming travels to the village, which is now abandoned and dilapidated, and sees a spirit tablet in the temple, with a woman's name "Cho Yan-may" inscribed on it. He runs away from the village in fear after seeing the spirits of the dead villagers. Later, in a nearby eatery, Ming and Fa-mo overhear a mad old man rambling something about Cho Yan-may and Lee Keung. They start searching for Lee Keung, and manage to contact him. Lee, a bearded old man, is a retired opera actor, and he initially refuses to tell Ming and Fa-mo anything about Wong-san Village but relents later. Lee Keung is an orphan and grew up in Wong-san Village. Cho Yan-may, a Cantonese opera actress, treated him kindly and he respectfully addressed her as "Aunt May". Cho was married to Po Man-tin, a teacher in the village. However, Po wanted to marry a rich girl so he plotted to frame his wife for infidelity so he could get rid of her. Po pretended to owe a man money and tricked Cho into helping him repay the "debt" by having sex with the man. He later accused his wife of adultery and bribed two men to kill her. Cho Yan-may was brutally beaten to death and her remains were abandoned in a graveyard. Cho's vengeful ghost later returned to take revenge and she caused her wicked husband and 66 villagers to die within three days. Lee Keung, who was still a boy then, witnessed everything and he managed to appease Cho's angry spirit by attaching a bracelet she gave him back on her wrist. Ming and Lee Keung visit the old graveyard and see that the place has become a construction site, and that the graves there have been excavated. Later, they drink from a nearby freshwater spring, the water source of Wong-san Village, and spot Cho Yan-may's ghost in the water, and suspect that Cho's remains might have been accidentally dumped inside the pool. While travelling along the streets later, Lee Keung hears Cho Yan-may's voice calling him and he heads towards an alley, where a metal bar suddenly falls on him and kills him. In the meantime, Ming receives a call from Annie's mother that Annie is in trouble, so he rushes to Annie's house, only to see her attempting suicide by overdosing on drugs. He calls an ambulance and brings her to hospital in time. Fa-mo contacts Ming and tells him that he has concluded that the ghost cannot personally kill people, but her vengeful aura can be transmitted through the water source  to people who drank the water, and cause them to experience wild hallucinations and eventually kill themselves in violent and odd ways. However, this realisation comes too late, as many have already drank from the "polluted" water source. They go to Jack's house and see Jack, who has also started behaving strangely after his encounter in the washroom and other paranormal experiences at home, forcing Cissy to drink a glass of the polluted water. Jack, in a trance, attempts to stab Fa-mo with a knife, but is knocked unconscious by Ming. Fa-mo and Ming tie up Cissy and Jack to prevent them from hurting themselves and each other. Ming and Fa-mo go back to the water source to dredge out Cho Yan-may's remains. Ming dives into the pool and retrieves a bracelet, and Fa-mo tells him to find Cho's body and attach the bracelet to it, in the hope of appeasing her anger. When Ming enters the pool again, he is immediately transported into a spiritual world - the graveyard - and sees a group of ghost-like figures, and one of them is himself. He is horrified and backs down, and sees Cho Yan-may's corpse beside him. He tries to attach the bracelet to her wrist, but she strangles him to death before he can do so. Back in the real world, Fa-mo sees Ming's dead body surfacing and he starts weeping. Fa-mo returns to Jack's house and sees Cissy screaming in fright. He musters enough courage to confront Cho Yan-may and drinks the polluted water as well. Cho Yan-may appears right before them, and Fa-mo tries to dispel their fears by saying that what they are experiencing is an illusion. When Cissy morphs into Cho, Fa-mo hugs her and she transforms back to Cissy. Cho Yan-may says "You truly love her" before disappearing. By then, Jack has regained consciousness and he is unhappy to see Fa-mo hugging his fiancee. Just then, Cho Yan-may appears beside him and the end credits start rolling against a background of a ghostly hand rising out of a water surface.