Maya  is a perfect mother. Her life revolves around her three children, Aleya , Ankush , and Anjali . Despite being divorced from Aman , Maya has ensured that everything runs smoothly in her house and that they continue to remain a happy family unit. However, when Shreya —a career oriented woman who has a lot to learn about children—joins the family, the situation immediately takes an unexpected turn. When Aman introduces his girlfriend to Anjali's birthday party, she accidentally drops Anjali's cake - this causes the kids to perceive Shreya as evil. The next day, Aman tells Shreya to babysit the three kids at his house because Maya is out of town.  At a fashion show a wrong size dress for Shreya's model turns up with a chance of disqualification, Anjali helps Shreya with the outfit with a piece of her doll's clothing. When Shreya goes to get ice cream for the kids, Aleya tells her siblings that she is using them so she can take their dad away; soon after Anjali goes missing. At the police station, Anjali is found and Shreya is told by Aman that she cannot go near the children unless she has Maya's permission. Several days later, Maya finds out that she has cervical cancer and tells Aman - this prompts him to move back in with the family. However, when Maya tells the kids that she has cancer, Aleya retaliates by going to one of her friend's party with an older boy. After a few days, Maya tells Shreya that she has cancer. Shreya agrees to move in and leaves her career as a fashion designer. In the following days, the kids develop an attachment towards Shreya but when Maya and Shreya have a fight, it is discovered that Shreya was an orphan since she was six months old. After the argument, Aman tells Maya that they should not be competing with each other for the kids love and respect. At the same time Maya faints and ends up in the hospital and the doctor tells her that she has only few days left to live. Shreya decides to take care of the kids while Aman is with Maya at the hospital. When Shreya and the kids come to visit Maya at the hospital, Shreya and Maya have a private conversation. Shreya finally admits that the kids still need her. When Maya gives guardianship to Shreya to look after the kids after her death, she also tells Shreya about one mistake which almost killed Anjali when she was three. Maya explains to Shreya that not every mom is perfect but she needs to keep trying. Maya tells Aman she wants to come home to Diwali as a last day to see her home before she dies. She comes home for Diwali and the kids make a special event for her replaying their memories they had together. When they take a family photograph, Maya asks Shreya to join them as she is now family. Ten years later we see Aleya getting married and Shreya gives her a bracelet which belonged to Maya.