Tom Newman, a hydro-electrical engineer, arrives in Africa with his family to help build a dam. His daughter, Jessica, isn't getting along with her stepmother, Amy, because she is not happy about her parents divorce. The next morning, Amy, Jessica and her brother David go on a game drive with Brian, a ranger, while Tom goes to the dam. While driving off-road, David asks the ranger to stop the jeep because he has to "go". Brian grabs his rifle and takes David to a tree to "do his business". David tells Brian he doesn't have any toilet paper and he tells him to use grass. David is shocked and Brian starts to say something, but before he can finish he is interrupted by a loud growl. Brian raises his rifle and a lioness comes into sight. Amy and Jessica look on in worry and Jessica sees a lion behind Brian and David and shouts in terror. Amy and Jessica try to warn Brian and David as Amy tries to bring the car to them, but discovers Brian took the keys with him. Meanwhile, Brian tells David to get behind him and to move backwards together when he says to. Brian works the action of his rifle and they start to move. Amy gets out and tries to draw the lion's attention. The lion makes a slight roar to the lioness and she charges. Brian tells David to run and starts shooting at the attacking lioness, but misses every shot and the lioness starts outrunning Brian quickly . When Amy and David are back in the car, Brian falls and drops his rifle, but gets up and shuts the door with him outside of the car, realizing that if he doesn't, the lion will kill one of them. He is then attacked and killed by the lioness in front of the rest of them. Amy, Jessica, and David are now trapped in the car and being stalked by the tiny pride of lions, consisting of only two females and one big strong male, who are also eating Brian. Jessica and David panic, but Amy says they will be fine. The lion jumps on top of the car, causing the windshield to crack before leaving the area.In the mean time, back at the lodge, Tom returns to their room and finds that his family hasn't returned from their game drive and is informed that they are missing. David and Jessica have calmed down and Jessica thinks they should get Brian's rifle for protection, but Amy refuses to let either of them get out. They have no food and very little water. That night, Tom asks one of the rangers why can't they search for them on the ground since their chopper doesn't fly at night and the ranger says that they are, but that it won't help much. The ranger then tells him of about Crawford, a professional hunter and guide, who could help him and they call him on the radio. He refuses the request because he leads Big Five hunts, not search parties. That night there is a storm, providing Amy, Jessica and David with precious water as they have run out. The next day they see the car keys through David's camera lens and Amy retrieves them, but as she picks them up, one of the lionesses appears and tries to attack her, but she makes it back to the car in time. Amy starts the car and they drive off in the wrong direction. Jessica starts to act as navigator, but they crash the car and cannot get it started again. Back at the lodge, Tom wants to come with the rangers in their chopper, but they refuse to let him because there is only room for two. Tom goes inside to the female ranger from the night before and asks where he can find Crawford. Back in the car, Amy and Jessica panic when the car won't start and they start to fight again. A ranger drives Tom to Crawford's house, but leaves Tom there alone, in fear, after Tom gets out. Tom tries to get Crawford to help him, but he refuses again, repeating what he said before. Tom offers to pay him anything he wants if he helps him find his family and he finally agrees. They leave in Crawford's car and start looking for signs in the air, as any on the ground have been washed away by the storm. Later, the chopper flies over the area where Amy, Jessica and David are, but doesn't see them, even when Jessica gets out and waves. Amy begins to comfort her, but they are attacked by one of the lionesses. It is shot through the head by two native hunters before it can kill any of them. They try to ask for help, but the hunters don't seem to understand them so Amy tells Jessica to get in the car. Jessica thinks the hunters know where water is so she and Amy go ask. After one figures out what they mean he takes Jessica to a water hole and gives her two gourds to carry water back. They hear a shot ring out and arrive back to find the other hunter has been killed by the pride. Jessica gets in the car and gives Amy and David the water and the other hunter goes in search of his friend. Crawford and Tom pull to a stop and Crawford finds evidence of a lion. He says it is pretty far away and they pitch camp. Around the fire they discuss lion attacks and Crawford tells Tom the truth about them, as he believes they don't attack humans much. Amy and Jessica reconcile that night when Amy tells her how she met her father and swears that her parents were divorced when she met him and that she wouldn't have gone out with him otherwise. The hunter then appears and tries to get in the car. They let him in and he motions for them to be quiet. With his knife at the ready, he watches for the lions. One appears and breaks through the windshield, drags him out and kills him. Amy and Jessica barricade the windshield and get in the back of the car. The next day, Jessica tells Amy her doubts that anyone will save them, and that they will eventually have to get out of the car and find help. Amy says that they have no weapons and that she won't let them die there. David then hears barks and growls from hyenas that are eating the leftovers of the lions and the hunter's skeleton. They barricade the window better, make some shade and make a list of things they have. David shows a lighter he found, believing it belongs to Jessica, but it turns out to be Amy's. She confesses her secret shame that she smokes and they promise to keep it a secret. Crawford and Tom see some buzzards and eventually find a human skeleton eaten by the lions. Later, Amy, Jessica and David see the lion, but he leaves as Crawford and Tom arrive at the other side of the hill. Crawford sees the trail has gone cold, says to pitch camp and that they will head west the next day. Tom objects as he knows the rangers were covering the west and that they were supposed to cover the rest. Crawford says they might never find them if they don't grasp the reality of their situation. Tom tells him he will scour every inch of Africa until he finds them, with or without his help. Crawford hears Amy calling for help, as she has gotten out of the car in order to make some noise, and alerts Tom. They head in the direction of the noise and see them. Crawford tries to tell Tom something, but he has already started down the hill. Crawford loads his rifle and follows him. The final lioness appears and stalks Tom as he fails to understand his family's shouted warnings. Crawford sees the lioness and tells him not to move. Tom finally sees it and tells Crawford to shoot it, but Crawford doesn't have a shot yet. The lioness attacks Tom and when it gets close enough, Crawford tells Tom to duck and shoots the lioness through the heart, killing it. Tom makes his way to the car, but Crawford, on his way up, is killed by the male lion, who then charges Tom who climbs under the car when the door won't open. Amy breaks open the gas tank after telling him and the kids to run when she says to. She uses cloth as a fuse and draws the lion's attention. It climbs in as she says to run and she uses her lighter to light the cloth fuse, causing the truck to explode and kill the lion. Tom runs back to see if it worked and believes Amy is dead, but she appears beside the fire and they all head to Crawford's car to head back to the lodge.