Robert Dean is an old-fashioned psychologist who reluctantly allows his oldest daughter Meg to join a four week tour in São Paulo before returning to college in America. When he finds out she is planning on six more weeks, he immediately books a ticket to Brazil to find out what her true motives for staying are. He is accompanied by his loving wife Mary and youngest daughter, the wise-cracking, joyful Betsy. Upon arriving, Robert is unamused by the notable character change in a daughter. She looks to be very much interested in her older mentor Eduardo Barroso, and has taken up habits which are shocking to Robert, including smoking. Unaware of her daughter's engagement with Barroso's son Carlos, Robert mistakes Eduardo for being Meg's love interest. Meanwhile, Betsy is enjoying the attention she is receiving from the United States Air Force, and falls in love with Sgt. Paul Gattling. Back at the hotel, Carlos is reluctant to meet Meg's parents, thinking they will disapprove of his bohemian lifestyle. By assuming the worst, Carlos makes a horrible impression on Robert. The latter tries to prohibit his daughter from seeing them by booking a flight to Rio de Janeiro and then Lima for the family. Feeling betrayed by her father, Meg calls Carlos to tell him goodbye, and he responds by confronting her with leading her father's life. Nevertheless, he and Eduardo follow her to Lima, where Carlos and Meg are reunited at a bull fight. Soon after, Paul, who has set out to Lima as well, proposes to Betsy, but she rejects him, explaining she is not ready to marry. Later that night, Eduardo and Carlos announce they are returning to São Paulo the following day. Robert eventually reluctantly allows his daughter to accompany her future husband. After bidding her daughter farewell, Robert goes to a bar and gets drunk. He ends up lying unconscious on the street and is mistaken for being a member of a Spanish tour group. Upon awaking, Robert finds out he is on a plane heading for Madrid and is eventually dropped off in Trinidad. There, he phones Meg to give her his sincere blessing for marrying Carlos, but she announces she is not in love with Carlos any longer. Betsy, on the other hand, desires to marry Paul. Upon asking her father for permission, he declares that she is old enough to make her own decisions, after which she is officially engaged to Paul.