What began with an accidental glance over a written piece on the pheasantry’s eventual replacement took shape into a full-length documentary film. Dhodial Pheasantry, beyond everything else that it has done for conservation, and pheasant conservation in particular, put Pakistan on the map. The documentary aims at one thing alone - to leave its viewers with facts that allow them to decide for themselves whether it is Hazara University or Dhodial Pheasantry that is faced with an unjust inevitability. Adding a spiritual element to this film that investigates the nature of conservation is the story of Welsh ecologist Robert Whale. Robert Whale's decision to get married and stay back in Pakistan is an important element of the story being told. He made a deal with God, that if he caught a glimpse of the infamous Western Tragopan on film, he would embrace Islam. Now known as Rab Nawaz, he converted to Islam in 1998. Furthermore, the documentary unravels the on-going conflict of the pheasantry’s re-location to alternate land such as the Jaba Sheep Farmhttp://nwfp.gov.pk/Agriculture/AttDept/Dairy.php, in order to accommodate Hazara University’s eventual expansion. The farm’s director, Dr. Ghufranullah, has made clear that their livestock exceeds 600. The land that they have is enough only to cater to their own needs, as opposed to accommodating the needs of Dhodial Pheasantry as well. Hazara University wants to give preference to humans over birds. It is aiming for an eventual student count of 20,000 along the course of the expansion. Chief Conservatorhttp://nwfp.gov.pk/GoServices/NewsDetails.php?NewsId=110 of the Wildlife Department, Dr. Mumtaz Malikhttp://www.mardan.com/id105.html is concerned with the process of shifting habitats. Sometimes, birds can die as a result of tremendous stress level, which is incomparable to human stress level. Another huge issue is reports that the poultry farm that used to exist at the Jaba location earlier experienced bird flu and other diseases. As a result, entire flocks of poultry were wiped out. This is reinforced by the Zareef Khan Foundationhttp://www.zkf.org.pk/’s president, Abid Zareef, whose NGO works for education empowerment. He maintains that there is the risk of transmission of both sheep and pheasant diseases. There is more danger in the spreading of diseases as there are no crosswinds because the location is surrounded by hills. The film exposes all sides of the issue with a variety of stakeholder perspectives that sheds light on both the advantages and disadvantages of this inevitable relocation.