Prologue: Sometime in the late 1940s Mr. and Mrs. Shelton get lost in the middle of West Virginia looking for some friends' summer house, but Mrs. Shelton goes into labor and they stop at the Ratliffs' asking for directions for the nearest hospital. They end up going to the Jupiter Hollow Hospital but the doctor will not check them in because it is exclusively for employees of Hollowmade, the local furniture maker. Mr. Shelton buys the company on the spot. The Ratliffs arrive moments later with Mrs. Ratliff also in labor. The doctor tends both births at the same time, and the elderly nurse gets confused and mixes the babies. Mr. Ratliff overhears the Sheltons deciding to name their daughters Rose and Sadie, and suggests the same names to his wife. Some 40 years later, the Shelton sisters are now co-chairwomen of Moramax, a giant conglomerate that is the successor to their father's business interests. However, their personalities are quite different. Sadie Shelton  is focused on her career and making profits. Rose Shelton  wishes for a simpler life in the country tending her family and a little farm, which caused a breakup with her boyfriend, Dr. Jay ([[Michael Gross . One particular business scheme that Sadie passes on to the Board of Moramax for approval by stockholders is the off-loading of Hollowmade, which still manufactures wood furniture. Meanwhile Rose Ratliff  has risen to the office of forewoman at the Hollowmade Factory, and her personality is also very career-oriented, setting her personal life aside, while Sadie Ratliff  has always felt misplaced in rural life and wishes for a more sophisticated life in a big city. In her capacity as forewoman, Rose finds out Moramax's plans and fears that the off-loading of the company might bring a radical change of lifestyle for the people of Jupiter Hollow, so she makes plans to travel to New York City and stop the sale; faced with the prospect of traveling to  New York, Sadie agrees to join her sister. In New York, Sadie Shelton is planning the shareholders' meeting and is trying to hide the fact that the people of Jupiter Hollow actually oppose the sale of the company. Her employee, Graham Sherbourne  is reading a letter from Rose Ratliff  about her plans of coming to New York and stop the sale. Sadie orders Sherbourne to locate the Ratliffs and stop them from appearing at the meeting. At JFK Airport the Shelton sisters arrive in their limousine to pick up the prospective buyer of Hollowmade, Mr. Fabio Alberici. The Ratliff sisters arrive at the same time at the airport and meet Mr. Alberici , and they take a ride back into the city in the Sheltons' limousine, leaving the Shelton sisters stranded at the airport. They attempt to take a taxi, until Rose finds they don't have much money, and the Shelton sisters are thrown out of the cab. Once at the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan, the Ratliffs are checked into the Sheltons' suite, and the Sheltons are forced to take the subway to reach the hotel. When they finally get there all pooped out, the desk clerk sets them up in the room next door to their usual suite, much to Sadie's chagrin. Mr. Alberici finally meets Sadie Shelton, but she believes at the beginning that he was offering sex services when he said that the purpose of their business "was understood"; once the faux pas has been cleared up, they strike a mutual attraction. On the other side, Sadie Ratliff meets her twin's former husband and son; her more humble demeanor appeals to him, and they also strike up an attraction. In the meantime, Rose Ratliff has been trying to make Moramax's stockholders aware of Jupiter Hollow's opposition to the off-loading of their company and meets Dr. Jay , with whom she strikes an attraction, while Rose Shelton meets Roone Dimmick, her twin's boyfriend, who came all the way from Jupiter Hollow to propose to Rose Ratliff. In the meantime, Graham and his assistant  have managed to retain Roone in their own suite , but early in the morning they come to realize  that they should have been looking for women. At the same time, Rose Ratliff is having breakfast and meets with Sadie Shelton; the latter assumes that Rose is her more humble sister and takes over the conversation, and they prepare to go to the shareholders' meeting at one of the hotel's conference rooms. A little later, Sadie Ratliff also meets with Rose Shelton at the same table in the same restaurant . All sisters discover their mixup in the bathroom. The Ratliffs, with the assistance of Rose Shelton. trap Sadie Shelton in the broom closet. Rose Shelton and Sadie Ratliff attend the shareholders' meeting and succeed in stopping the sale of Jupiter Hollow. Afterwards, both sets of twins come out of the elevator to find their loved ones waiting for them, who are confused with which twin is which. They each then leave the Plaza with their newfound love.