The movie begins with Sethurama Iyer visiting Isow Alex , a convicted serial killer who is awaiting his execution. Alex was arrested and convicted for the cold-blooded murder of seven people in two different families. Alex, who had been living a wild life then, had committed the crime high on narcotic drugs. The murder case was left to the CBI for investigation and an able officer, played by Siddique, nabbed Alex in no time. Alex is now a new man, mainly due to the influence of a priest , who requests Iyer to visit Alex. What Alex tells Iyer is startling; he didn't commit one of the seven murders he was convicted for. The murder was that of Manikkunju, a businessman. Manikkunju, along with his daughter-in-law Mosi, was murdered at his house. Alex tells this all the same confessing that he murdered Mosi. The possibility of another killer involved is very remote and Alex is a serial killer who thoroughly denied any hand in the murders when he was arrested, but yet Iyer decides to reopen the case and investigate. He faces many odds; to prove Alex right would be proving his own bureau wrong and to prove Alex wrong would be wasting time and money. The CBI team which consists of Iyer, Chacko ([[Mukesh  and Ganesh , an officer trainee retraces the path of the previous team which investigated the crime. The clue which pointed to Alex was the word ISOW  which was found written in blood on the wall near which Mankkunju's body was found. The earlier team had concluded that the word was written by Manikkunju with his own blood, while he was dying of the head injury inflicted by Alex's strike with a pipe wrench, the weapon used by him to commit all the murders. The twist in the tale arrives when Iyer finds that the name written by the dying Manikkunju to point to his killer is not ISOW, but MOSI. The position in which Manikkunju was lying on the floor resulted in his writing to appear flipped horizontally and vertically. This points to Mosi, Manikkunju's daughter-in-law, who was murdered by Alex. Iyer feels that Mosi alone could not have done the crime on her own. His search for an accomplice leads him to Manikkunju's family tailor , who incidentally was on the forefront of the public demand for a CBI investigation on the case. The tailor had an illicit relationship with the widowed Mosi, and he had struck Manikkunju to death with his metallic flashlight following a struggle when Manikkunju caught him red-handed. As with all the movies of the series, Iyer concludes the case at the scene of crime with the public gathered to find out the culprit. He casually picks out the tailor from the crowd and charges him with the murder, much to the surprise of the viewers as the clues are unraveled only after Iyer makes his arrest. Jagathy Sreekumar, who was part of the original CBI team in Oru CBI Diarykkurippu, makes a cameo appearance near the end of the film, with his trademark in-disguise modus operandi, helping Iyer to connect some links in the case.