 The series starts in Baghdad at an undetermined time . The Sultan Shahryar  has gone mad after accidentally killing his wife during a failed coup d'état, which she had planned with Shahryar's brother Schahzenan . In his madness, Shahryar believes that all women now want to kill him, but the law states that the Sultan must be married again or the throne will be passed to his brother. Shahryar therefore orders Grand Vizier Ja'Far ([[Jim Carter  to bring him a harem girl to marry and then have executed the next day. In order to prevent this, the Grand Vizier's clever daughter, Scheherazade , decides to marry the Sultan herself. Scheherazade  has a plan to prevent her execution and at the same time cure the Sultan of his madness. With the help of some tutoring from a bazaar storyteller , Scheherazade tells the Sultan a story every night, stopping at dawn with a cliffhanger and refusing to continue until dusk. Shahryar must therefore let Scheherazade live for another day in order to hear the rest of the story. Cunningly, Scheherazade has hidden a moral within every story, to bring the Sultan out of his madness. Meanwhile, Schahzenan  hears about the Sultan's madness and that he is unable to execute Scheherazade. Perceiving this as weakness, Schahzenan leads his army to Baghdad in an attempt to take the throne by force. However, by the time Schahzenan's army reaches the city, Scheherazade's plan has worked. As a result of her stories, Shahryar has overcome his madness and has fallen in love with Scheherazade. Using elements from the stories, Shahryar is able to defeat his brother's army. At the end of the battle, it is revealed that all that had been seen was a story itself, told by Scheherazade to her children. The series ends with Scheherazade promising to tell her children another story tomorrow night.   The first story told by Scheherazade is that of Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves. Ali Baba  is a poor peasant from Damascus who finds a magical cave in which is the loot stolen by the Forty Thieves, a tribe of murderous bandits that have plagued the kingdom. Using the magic words "Open Sesame!", Ali enters the cave and takes the treasure. When Ali tells his brother Kasim  about the cave, Kasim demands his share and goes to the cave himself where he is discovered and killed by the leader of the Forty Thieves, Black Coda . Ali Baba finds Kasim's body hung-up by the Forty Thieves as a warning to others. With the help of his newly-hired servant, Morgiana , Ali takes down the body and gives Kasim a lavish funeral. This alerts Black Coda and the Forty Thieves to the fact that Kasim was not alone in taking their treasure. Black Coda discovers that Ali Baba and Morgiana are living in a lubricious estate in Damascus and devises a plan to kill all in the household. The Forty Thieves enter the city hidden in oil barrels which are placed outside Ali's estate where they wait for nightfall. Before they can strike, Morgiana discovers the barrels and rolls them down to the bottom of a hill where the dazed Forty Thieves are arrested by the city guards, although Black Coda escapes. To celebrate their victory, Ali Baba hosts a feast. Morgiana performs an exotic dance for Ali Baba during which she stabs one of the guests, killing him. She removes the man's false beard, revealing him to be Black Coda. Awed by her loyalty, Ali Baba marries Morgiana.  To prevent Shahryar realising she's starting a complete new story, Scheherazade begins her next tale by following on from the last, explaining that Faisal  designed Morgiana's wedding attire and his wife, Safil , from Constantinople, were at Ali Baba's wedding. Back in Constantinople, the couple have dinner with Bac-Bac , the Sultan's hunchbacked-jester, during which Bac-Bac chokes on a fish bone and dies. Worried about their reputation, Faisal and Safil leave the body on the doorstep of a Jewish physician, Ezra Ben Ezra . Before Dr Ezra can take a look at Bac-Bac, he trips over him in the dark and they both fall down his doorway stairs. After the fall, Ezra finds the dead body and assumes that he accidentally killed him. Recognising Bac-Bac, they repeat the actions of Faisal and Safil by dropping the body down the chimney of their Chinese neighbour, Hi-Ching . Hi-Ching mistakenly believes that he is about to be robbed and attacks Bac-Bac with Kung Fu. Hi-Ching mistakenly believes that he killed Bac-Bac by hitting him so hard and  he fears for his welfare. So he carries the body to a dark alcove, where Englishman Jerome Gribben ([[Roger Hammond  is walking home in a drunken stupor. Bac-Bac's body falls onto Jerome, who believes he is being attacked. He repeatedly hits the body against a wall, and calls the nearby guards. The guards recognise Bac-Bac and arrest Jerome for murder. Jerome is put on trial and sentenced to death. Unable to bear the guilt, Hi-Ching, Ezra, and Faisal all confess that they had killed the poor hunchback. In the middle of all their arguments, the Sultan  comes and demands to know who the killed his jester. The Sultan realises Bac-Bac's death was an accident in any event and frees Jerome and the others, explaining that Bac-Bac would have been amused by the manner of his death.  This story tells the classic tale of Aladdin , a Chinese thief living in the caliphate of Samarkand. While fleeing authorities for pick-pocketing, he sees a carriage and blocks its path. The carriage windows open to reveal the Princess Zubaïda . The two see each other and fall in love. While escaping, Aladdin meets a mysterious traveller named Mustappa , who claims to have been a friend of Aladdin's father and is willing to pay him much money to do a 'simple' task. Aladdin agrees and meets Mustappa at the entrance of the Cave of Wonders. Mustappa gives Aladdin a ring, and swears "by Hector's feathers", that Aladdin will not see his wedding day if he betrays Mustappa. Aladdin enters the Cave and walks through a Terracotta Army until he finds the lamp. He races back to the entrance, where Mustappa asks Aladdin to give him the lamp before he helps him out. Aladdin refuses, believing Mustappa will take the lamp and leave him in the cave. Mustappa, enraged, closes the cave's entrance and abandons Aladdin. In desperation, Aladdin rubs Mustappa's ring and summons the Genie of the Ring  who reluctantly frees Aladdin from the cave. Back home with his mother, Aladdin wonders why Mustappa would want a worthless old oil lamp. Rubbing it frees the Lamp Genie  who can grant Aladdin's wishes. Aladdin and his mother wish for a fortune which they use to buy their way into the Royal Court. Aladdin asks the Caliph for Princess Zubaïda's hand in marriage, but he is turned down as the Princess is betrothed to another. Aladdin discovers that the Princess is in love with him and using the Lamp Genie, he is able to humiliate Zubaïda's betrothed, and marry the Princess himself. In Africa, Mustappa realises that Aladdin is alive and has married as his pet raven, Hector, losses all his feathers. Mustappa goes to Samarkand dressed as a merchant trading new lamps for old ones, prompting a servant in Aladdin's palace to give the magic lamp to the Mustappa. Once the lamp comes into Mustappa's possession, he wishes to undo all Aladdin's wealth. Using the Genie of the Ring, Aladdin challenges Mustappa to a fight to the death with their magic. Each Genie transforms into one beast after another, until the Ring Genie is trapped in a giant mousetrap. Although Mustappa appears to have won, Aladdin is still a thief and is able to pick-pocket Mustappa, taking the Lamp and thus stealing his victory.  At the beginning of the story, Scheherazade explains that her next story is about Amin the Beggar  and Sultan Harun Al-Rashid . The story follows Amin,  a lonely drunkard beggar who meets the ruthless Sultan Harun Al-Rashid , played by James Frain. Al-Rashid kidnaps the unconscious Amin and dresses him as the Sultan. Al-Rashid then orders his servants to pretend Amin is the Sultan, as he watches the events unfold from secret chambers behind the palace walls. When Amin wakes, he at first thinks he has lost his mind, but soon begins to enjoy being Sultan. He eventually takes the job much more seriously as well, with the Grand Vizier and Commander of the army noting that Amin has gotten more done in a day, than the real Sultan has in years. Overhearing this, Harun becomes angered and puts sleeping powder in Amin's drink. Al-Rashid then throws him back into the streets as a beggar. When Amin awakes, he is traumatised and insists he is the Sultan, prompting the city guards to put him in an insane asylum. Al-Rashid decides to repeat the joke and again drugs Amin and returns him to the palace dressed as Sultan. When Amin wakes, he hears the snickering of Al-Rashid from inside one of the secret chambers, he draws a sword and inadvertently stabs Al-Rashid, believing he is a demon. Seeing that Al-Rashid is dead, the Sultan's advisers decide they will tell everyone that the real Sultan has gone on a pilgrimage to Mecca, and that Amin was chosen as the Sultan's successor, all the while continuing to tell Amin that he is the one and only Sultan Harun Al-Rashid. At the end of the story, as his brother's army approaches Baghdad, Sultan Shahryar realises he is in love with Scheherazade and has been cured of his madness, but Scheherazade feels Shahryar needs to hear one more story before he goes into battle.  The last story told by Scheherazade is about the sons of the King of Yemen, Prince Ali , Prince Ahmed , and Prince Hussain . The three are each gifted fighters and fight each other over the smallest of matters. Both their parents believe that when the King dies, the sons will fight each other for control of the kingdom. Therefore, their father challenges each of his sons to bring him what they believe is the most precious object in the world, giving them one year to complete their quest. Ali heads north to a brazen kingdom, and finds a powerful telescope. Ahmed travels east to a mountain Buddhist monastery which possess a mystic apple , which when eaten can heal any wound or illness and earns it when he passes a secret test of character. The last brother, Hussain, travels west to the underground city of Petra. He wanders through the underground market looking for the most precious thing in the world, eventually finding a flying carpet. The journeys of the brothers take up the given year, and all three meet at the Traveller's Rest. Ali's telescope reveals that their father is on his deathbed. The brothers race back to Yemen on Hussain's carpet to save their father with Ahmed's apple of life. Scheherazade explains that as a result of their adventures, when the brothers eventually succeed their father, they rule the kingdom together in peace and harmony.