Bhishma Narayan  is a Religious Guru who prepares an army for the Protection of the Old Indian Temples. Of all the Valiant and Talented warriors, Badrinath  is one who is groomed by Bhishma Narayan and wishes to make Badri his Successor. Meanwhile Alakananda , who becomes an staunch agnostic due to certain circumstances, Reaches the Temple of Badrinath to which Badri is appointed as the Protector. Her Grand Father explains Badri that she is in Threat as Sircar , a Dreaded Don is trying to make her as the wife of his Son by Force. On the request of her Grand Father, Badri slowly retains her Confidence in God's Existence in Various ways. Unknowingly he becomes an object of Deep Love to Alakananda, who is not willing to lose him at any cost. She is followed to Badrinath by Sircar & his men. Although Badri manages to Save her, He is Heavily Injured and is Medicated. Meanwhile Bhishma Narayan is shocked on seeing the behaviour of Alakananda towards Badri when he was Injured. As it is a rule that an Unmarried Man must be the Next Guru who would Lead the Warriors and is Suspicious that Badri is in Love with Alakananda, which is not the real situation. Badri promises Alakananda that he would bring her back to Badrinath Temple for her Success in her Love, unaware that he is the one being loved by her. As per the promise, Badri goes to Bellary to free Alakananda from the clutches of Sircar, who is in plans to fix the marriage, and escort to the Holy Shrine. He fights with all the goons and escorts her to Badrinath. Sircar vows revenge on Badri as Badri has Sircar's Son hurt in a severe way. So he leads to Badrinath and destroys Bhishma Narayan's Ashram. Feeling that Badri is the real traitor and loves Alakananda, Bhishma Narayan orders Badri to vacate Badrinath Temple. Meanwhile Alakananda is being taken away by Sircar's men, and Alakananda proposes to Badri to which he rejects as he dedicates his life to his Guru. Afterseeing Alakananda's pure love for Badri, Bhishma Narayan gets moved and orders Badri to bring her back and Marry her. Following his Guru's order, Badri saves Alakananda and marries her. The climax is shown that Bhishma Narayan asks the newly wed couple to handover one of their children so that he can make him his Successor to which the couple agrees Happily.