In a modern-day alternate version of Rome, riots are in progress after stores of grain are withheld from citizens and civil liberties are reduced due to an on-going conflict between Rome and neighbouring Volsci. The rioters are particularly angry at Caius Martius , a brilliant Roman general whom they blame for the city's problems. During a march, the rioters encounter Martius, who is openly contemptuous and does not hide his hatred of the regular citizens. Meanwhile, the commander of the Volscian army, Tullus Aufidius , who has fought Martius on several occasions and considers him a mortal enemy, swears that the next time they meet in battle will be the last. Martius leads a raid against the Volscian city of Corioles and, while the siege of Corioles is initially unsuccessful with much of Caius's unit being killed, Martius gathers reinforcements, and the Romans manage to conquer it. After the battle, Martius and Aufidius meet in single combat, which results in both men being wounded but ends when Aufidius' own soldiers drag him away from the fight. Martius returns to Rome victorious and in recognition of his great courage, General Cominius  gives him the cognomen of "Coriolanus". Coriolanus' mother Volumnia  encourages her son to run for consul within the Roman Senate. Coriolanus is hesitant to do this, but he eventually agrees to his mother's wishes. He effortlessly wins the support of the Roman Senate, and seems at first to have won over the commoners as well due to his military victories. However, two members of the Senate; Brutus  and Sicinius  are critical of his entrance into politics, fearing that his popularity would lead to Coriolanus taking power away from the Senate for himself. Together, they scheme to undo Coriolanus and so stir up another riot in opposition to him becoming consul. Faced with this opposition, Coriolanus bursts into rage and openly attacks the concept of popular rule as well as the citizens of Rome, whom he still looks down upon. He compares allowing citizens to have power over the senators as to allowing "crows to peck the eagles". The two tribunes condemn Coriolanus as a traitor for his words, and order him to be banished. Coriolanus retorts that it is he who will banish Rome, from his presence. After being exiled from Rome, Coriolanus seeks out Aufidius in the Volscian capital of Antium, and offers to let Aufidius kill him in order to spite the country that banished him. Moved by his plight and honoured to fight alongside the great general, Aufidius and his superiors embrace Coriolanus, and allow him to lead a new assault on the city, so that Coriolanus can claim vengeance on the city which he feels betrayed him. Together, Coriolanus and Aufidius lead a Voscilian attack on Rome, which, in its panic, tries desperately to persuade Coriolanus to halt his crusade for vengeance. First, Roman Senator Menenius ([[Brian Cox  attempts to persuade him, but fails to do so. In response to this, Menenius, who has seemingly lost all hope in Coriolanus and Rome, commits suicide by a river bank. Finally, Volumnia is sent to meet with her son, along with Coriolanus' wife Virgilia  and his son. Volumnia succeeds in dissuading her son from destroying Rome, and Coriolanus instead concludes a peace treaty between the Volscians and the Romans alongside General Cominius. However, when Coriolanus returns to the Volscian border, he is confronted by Aufidius and his men, who now also brand him as a traitor. They call him Martius and refuse to call him by his "stolen name" of Coriolanus. Aufidius explains to Coriolanus how he put aside his hatred so that they could conquer Rome, but now that Coriolanus has prevented this, by signing a peace treaty, he has betrayed the promise between them. For this betrayal, Aufidius and his men attack and eventually kill Coriolanus.