The athlete Gretel Bergmann wins the high jump championships in the United Kingdom. For the Nazi racial laws prevented her continuing her training in Germany, being a Jew, her father had sent her to England, where she could live more safely and continue her sporting career. At the Berlin Olympics in 1936, the Americans and the IOC  demand that Jewish athletes are not to be excluded from the event, especially the high jumper Gretel Bergmann of international fame, thus putting the Nazi Olympic Committee in great difficulty. A victory by a Jewish athlete would seriously humiliate the Nazi party. When her family in Germany is threatened, Gretel returns to Germany. She is included in the German Olympic high jump team, seemigly with the same rights as the other athletes in the training camp. Hans Waldmann, the coach of the team, is excited about the skills and discipline of Gretel, and reveals an impartial personality to sports. However, Waldmann is dismissed by order of the Nazi party officials. He is replaced by coach Sigfrid Kulmbach, loyal to the party. He attempts, instead, by all means to discourage the young athlete and beat her self-esteem. Her roommate and sole competitor in skills is Marie Ketteler. Marie, however, is really a man, by whom the Nazis want to get the gold medal in high jump. Between Marie and Gretel emerges, despite numerous threats from outside, the friendship of a company. Despite being the most promising athlete in high jump training, Gretel is suddenly excluded from competition under false pretenses, a few days before the Games. She is replaced by Marie, the second best athlete. Marie, however, behaves in strange ways: she never takes a bath with her companions, shaves her legs several times a day and has a tone of deep voice. Gretel, therefore, discovers her true identity. Meanwhile, Marie discovers that Gretel was excluded from the race under false pretenses. So Marie decides to deliberately lose the final and decisive leap. The bar falls, and with it the hope of victory by officials dumbstruck. Marie gains only the fourth place. Marie and Gretel, the latter observing the contest as a spectator, exchange a secret happy smile, for their common opposition led to the defeat of the cruel Nazi ambitions and ideals.