 The Reverend Cotton Marcus  lives in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, with his wife  and son. Marcus is accustomed to performing fake exorcisms on "possessed" individuals, but when he reads of an autistic child being killed during an exorcism, he comes to realize the potential danger of exorcism. He agrees to take part in a documentary designed to expose exorcism as a fraud, working with a film crew consisting of producer/director Iris Reisen  and cameraman Daniel Moskowitz . At random, he chooses an exorcism request sent by farmer Louis Sweetzer , who claims his daughter Nell  is slaughtering his animals while she is possessed. The team drives to the rural area of Louisiana where the Sweetzers live. After listening to the details of the case, Marcus claims Nell is possessed by a powerful demon named Abalam. Prior to the exorcism, Marcus plants hidden speakers and electronic props, so he can bamboozle the family into believing he is driving out a demon. After the ritual, Marcus and his film crew leave, believing they have cured her of a mental state that was misdiagnosed as a possession. That night, Nell mysteriously appears in Marcus' motel room, apparently unwell. Marcus takes Nell to the hospital for tests, which conclude that Nell is in perfect physical condition. Marcus goes to see Louis' former pastor, Joseph Manley, and asks him questions regarding Nell and Louis. Manley informs Marcus that he has not had contact with the Sweetzers for a long time. In the morning, Louis takes Nell home, but chains her to her bed after she slices her brother Caleb's  face with a knife. While Louis takes Caleb to the hospital, Marcus and the camera crew further investigate Nell and the home. They release Nell from her chains. That night there is a disturbance in the house, and Marcus and the crew hear the cries of a baby. They find Nell standing in a hallway. When they try to confront her, she goes into a bathroom, where she is found submerging a baby doll in water. After she comes out of her trance, the crew finds a drawing of a dead and bloodied cat. That night Nell steals their camera and goes into her father's barn where she corners a cat, beating it to death with the camera. She returns to the house and raises the camera over Marcus's head. The rest of the crew stops her, unaware of what has transpired. They discover two more paintings of Nell's. The first depicts someone who appears to be Cotton standing before a large flame, holding up a crucifix. The second shows what appears to be the dead bodies of all three visitors to the Sweetzer farm: Cotton being consumed by the flame he battled in the other picture, Iris hacked to pieces with an axe, and Dan decapitated. Louis comes home and hears an answering machine message from the hospital stating that Nell is pregnant. Marcus accuses Louis of incest, which he denies, insisting that Nell is a virgin and has been defiled by the demon possessing her. Tempers flare as Marcus insists that Nell needs psychotherapy instead of another exorcism. Louis orders the crew to vacate his property. While contemplating whether they should take Nell, they hear noises upstairs. They discover that Nell has climbed atop her dresser. As they try to calm her, she slashes Marcus's hand with a knife and runs outside. The crew decides to leave; as they enter their van, they see Nell sitting on the porch. As Marcus approaches Nell, she tackles him. The struggle leads inside as Louis chases them with a shotgun. In order to keep Louis from killing Nell, Marcus agrees to attempt another exorcism. Marcus confronts the entity that has possessed Nell, which introduces itself as Abalam, the same demon Marcus had spoken to Louis about. Abalam agrees to release Nell from the possession but only if Marcus can remain silent for ten seconds. Abalam begins breaking Nell's fingers as it counts out loud. After counting to three and breaking three of her fingers Marcus yells for Abalam to stop. Abalam then asks Marcus if he wants a "blowing job." Marcus realizes that a demon would know the actual name of the sex act and concludes that Nell is actually a very disturbed girl pretending to be possessed. Nell then tells them of Logan, the boy who supposedly impregnated her. Marcus arranges for Pastor Manley to come to the house to provide solace to the Sweetzers as Marcus prepares to leave. On their way home, Marcus and the film crew detour to the coffee shop where Logan works. Logan tells the crew that the only contact he had with Nell was a brief conversation six months ago at a party that was held at Pastor Manley's home. Logan admits that he is gay and, therefore, did not have sex with her. Marcus and the film crew leave the cafe and begin to drive out of town. They begin to question Nell's story, and Marcus realizes that Pastor Manley was lying about having not seen Nell for two years. Marcus turns the van around and returns to the Sweetzer farmhouse. They enter the house to find numerous occult and countercultural symbols scrawled on the walls, but Nell and Louis are missing. Marcus and the film crew wander into the woods, where they see a large fire and a congregation of hooded cultists led by Pastor Manley. Louis is bound and gagged on a pole while hooded figures pray around an altar, atop which Nell is bound. Marcus and the film crew watch as Nell gives birth to an inhuman child. Manley throws it into the fire, which causes the fire to grow rapidly while demonic roars emanate from within. At that moment, Marcus' faith is resolved as he grabs his cross and rushes towards the fire in a frenzied attempt to combat the evil. Iris and Daniel are discovered and run away. Iris is tackled by a member of the congregation, who kills her with an axe. Daniel tries to escape through the woods, but when he pauses to catch his breath, Caleb appears and decapitates him. The camera collapses to the ground, and, after a few seconds of stillness and silence, the credits roll.