Private Mizushima , a Japanese soldier, becomes the harp  player of Captain Inōye's  group, composed of soldiers who fight and sing to raise morale in World War II Burma Campaign. When they are offered shelter in a village, they eventually realize they are being watched by British soldiers. They successfully retrieve their ammunition, then see the advancing force. Instead of firing at them, though, the enemy soldiers begin singing. They learn that the Japanese surrender has occurred and they surrender. At a camp, a British captain asks Mizushima to talk down a group of soldiers who are still fighting on the mountain. He agrees to do so and is told by the British that he has 30 minutes to tell them to surrender. At the mountain he is almost shot down before they realize he is Japanese. He climbs up and asks to speak to whoever is in command. He informs their commander that the war has ended and they should surrender. The commander says he shall talk to the other soldiers, and they come out minutes later stating that unanimously they decided to fight to the end. Mizushima begs for them to surrender but they do nothing. He decides to ask for more time from the British. When he creates a surrender flag, the others take it the wrong way and believe he's surrendering for them. They beat him unconscious and leave him on the floor. The cave is bombarded, and he becomes the only survivor. He steals a monk's robe so that he will not be spotted as a soldier, and wanders around looking for the camp his group was in. Finding many unburied corpses of dead Japanese soldiers, he decides to bury them. Meanwhile, Captain Inōye and his men are wondering what happened, and cling to a belief that he is still out there. Eventually they buy a parrot  and tell a villager to take it to a monk they suspect is Mizushima in hiding. But the parrot is returned with a long letter replying that he refuses to go back to Japan with them, because he must continue burying the dead while studying as a monk, and promoting the peaceful nature of mankind. Years later however, he allows for the prospect of returning to Japan.