In Strasbourg in 1800, obsessive duellist Lieutenant Gabriel Feraud  of the French 7th Hussars nearly kills the nephew of the city's mayor in a sword duel. Under pressure from the mayor, Brigadier-General Treillard  sends Lieutenant Armand d'Hubert  of the 3rd Hussars to put him under house arrest. As the arrest takes place in the house of a prominent local lady , Feraud takes it as a personal insult from d'Hubert and challenges him to a duel. However, D'Hubert manages to knock him unconscious. The war intervenes in the men's quarrel and they do not meet again until six months later, in Augsburg in 1801. Feraud immediately challenges d'Hubert to another duel and seriously wounds him. Recovering, d'Hubert takes lessons from a fencing master and in the next duel the two men fight each other to a standstill. Soon afterwards, d'Hubert is relieved to learn that he has been promoted to captain, as military protocol forbids officers of different ranks from fighting one another. The action then moves forwards to 1806, when d'Hubert is serving in Lübeck. He is shocked to hear that the 7th Hussars have arrived in the city and that Feraud is now also a captain. Aware that in two weeks time he is himself to be promoted to major, d'Hubert attempts to slip away on leave, but bumps into Feraud, who of course challenges him to another duel. This duel is fought on horseback, and d'Hubert wins, giving Feraud a cut on the forehead which bleeds heavily into his eyes and prevents him from continuing. Soon afterwards, Feraud's regiment is posted to Spain and the two do not meet again until 1812. During the Retreat from Moscow, d'Hubert and Feraud meet by chance, but fight off a group of Cossacks instead of fighting each other. Two years later, after Napoleon's exile to Elba, d'Hubert, now a brigadier-general and recovering from a leg wound, is staying at the home of his sister Leonie  in Tours. She introduces him to Adele , niece of her neighbour ([[Alan Webb , and they fall in love and are married. A Bonapartist agent ([[Edward Fox  attempts to recruit d'Hubert to command a brigade when the Emperor returns from Elba, but d'Hubert refuses. When he hears this, Feraud, also now a brigadier-general and a leading Bonapartist, declares d'Hubert is a traitor to the Emperor. He claims that he always suspected d'Hubert's loyalty, which is why he called him out in the first place. After Napoleon is defeated at Waterloo, d'Hubert joins the army of Louis XVIII. Feraud is arrested and is expected to be executed for his part in the Hundred Days, but d'Hubert approaches Minister of Police Joseph Fouché  and persuades him to release Féraud, without revealing his part in his reprieve. Feraud soon seeks d'Hubert out and challenges him to a duel with pistols. However, after Feraud fires both his pistols without seriously wounding d'Hubert, d'Hubert refuses to shoot him even though he is at point blank range and therefore, by tradition, now owns Feraud's life. The duels finally come to an end.