At a dinner celebrating their father Henry Meyerwitz's  70th birthday, tensions among the four Meyerwitz siblings explode thanks to the success of the youngest son, Nathan's , new novel, a thinly veiled portrait of the family. The best-selling expose reveals the oldest, "responsible" son, Jack , as a porn addict, the daughter, Cheri , as a catty drama queen, and the third son, Joel , as a living disaster with a loony plan to change his life around. The film takes place over the course of a single day. Jack, who's a struggling architect, is stressed about his future along with the well-being of his wife and unborn son. Cheri, the out-of-work actress, wants to sue Nathan for damages since she is unable to get work. Joel, the incompetent lawyer, juggles mounting financial troubles while maintaining a relationship with his client Mary . Nathan, the writer of Peep World, finds little happiness with his recent success due to the ongoing turmoil he caused with his family. After Jack's wife Laura  discovers him masturbating in an adult video store, she reconsiders her trust. Cheri continues to rant about the book and upcoming movie, but decides to attend the dinner with her religious friend Ephraim . Joel misses Mary's divorce hearing, and calls Jack after his car breaks down. After being given a shot for premature ejaculation issues, Nathan inadvertently causes a scene during his book signing with an unwanted erection. After his publicist Meg  helps him "relieve" his problem, she reluctantly accompanies him to his father's birthday dinner. The four siblings meet at the restaurant along with their mother Marilyn . When their father finally arrives, everyone is surprised when he introduces his new girlfriend Amy . Who is not only young, but the actress playing Cheri in the film adaptation of the book. The family gets into several fights during dinner. Most of them concerning their father, and his attitude towards his children. Henry deems his children ungrateful and jealous of his success, and reveals that Amy is pregnant. Marilyn, the soft-spoken mother, tries to calls out her family's behavior by claiming that they always blamed someone else for their problems. The dinner ends abruptly when Henry chokes on a piece of food. Jack performs CPR, and the family rush to the hospital. While waiting, the four siblings finally shell out their problems towards each other. After Cheri says, "What do we do if he dies", Jack replies, "We'll live". A doctor appears to give the family news. The narrator then explains that Henry Meyerwitz unintentionally got his family together, though he almost died for that to occur.