Arakkal Kuttikrishnan Nair looses the civil case against Arackal Madhavanunni , his nephew, and has to give up the ancestral home, which he has been holding illegally for past long years. Patteri Shivaraman Nair ([[Saikumar , son of Kuttikrishnan Nair, takes it as a presitige issue and decides to finish out Madhavanunni, with the help of Nedungadi , his trusted lieutenant. Sivaraman Nair has a deep hatred and enmity towards Madhavanuni since childhood and both had involved in several fist fights from then. Nedungadi sends Varoli Abu  to shoot down either Madhavanunni or one among his brothers on their arrival at the house. But the timely intervention of Madhavanunni saves all. Madhavanunni is a self made rich businessman, who owns several properties inside and outside Kerala. After the suicide of his parents, he alone had taken care of his younger brothers Raghu ([[Siddique , Dasan , Appu  and Shankaran Kutty , who all love and respect him than anything on this world. Ramankutty Kaimal ([[Innocent , their well wisher and old care taker of their property also enjoys a good relationship with Madhavanunni. Appu, at his college, is harassed by the son of Mambaram Bava Haji . With the help of Kattipalli Pappan , a criminal, he thrashes him out, but dies accidentally. Appu gets arrested for the murder, but is released on bail. Kattipalli Pappan is arrested for the murder, who while going to jail requests Madhavanuni to take care of his sister Lakshmi , which Madhavanuni accepts. Madhavanunni brings Lakshmi to his home and is treated as a member of their family. Mayambaram Bawa Haji is now looking for a chance to avenge Madhavanunni for his son's death. Patteri Sivaraman lends a helping hand to Bawa Haji. One day Lakshmi is found dead at the pond and again Appu is arrested for it. Upon release from jail, Pappan is back to kill Appu for murdering his sister. But he later comes to know that it is not Appu, but Patteri Shivaraman, behind the crime to frame Appu. The rest of the story is how Madhavanunni saves Appu from jail and revenges back at Shivaraman once and for all.