Paappi Appacha is the story of a father and son, Mathayi ([[Innocent  and Paappi ([[Dileep . They live like friends and they get into all sorts of mischiefs in their village, Ithirikkandam. Annie  works as a teacher in a local school and Paappi is in love with her, though Annie does not like him. Paappi's mother  and younger sister Mollykkutty  also like Annie very much and wants her as Paappi's wife.A businessman named Manikkunju ([[Suresh Krishna  comes to the village, which creates a lot of problems. Meanwhile Annie, with support of Shashankan Muthalali ([[Ashokan  and fellow school colleague Dasan maash  stands against Paappi in Panchayath election, wins the seat and becomes Panchayath President. Annie then gets a marriage proposal. Hearing this Paappi goes to Annie's house who see him jumping to catch a glimpse of the proceedings. The would be groom tells he expects a positive response from Annie and leaves. Later she gets a call from the would be groom's mother who abuses her as her son was hit black and blue by Paappi. Annie, furious about this, goes to Mathayi's house and gives a piece of her mind and Mathayi starts to doubt Paappi. Paappi angry about this, acts rough to Annie during a school function and in a fit of rage accepts that he trashed her marriage proposal. Mathayi slaps Paappi and a crack is formed in their relation. Things got worse when the school run by Mathayi's family is burned down and Mathayi completely disowns Paappi thinking he is the culprit. In the second half of the movie we can see Paappi trying to survive on his own along with attempting to give Mathayi a hard time. Finally, Mathayi who is cunningly supported by Shashankan Muthalali falls for a trap set by Paappi and is forced to sell Mariya's  land. But Paappi foils that plan also by setting up an ancient treasure discovered from that plot, ending in the archaeological department taking over the land. The City market once run by Paappi and Mathayi together doesn't function the same anymore and Annie who had earlier taken a diary from Paappi regarding the plans he had for the Panchayath if he wins the election, uses a ploy of a Farmers' Co-operative Society buying the market items from farmers and selling it giving the profit to the farmers. She shares this idea with Dasan maash who is also excited about this. Mathayi and Shashankan while walking on the roadside, drunk, are attacked by Manikkunju and another person with a sword. Mathayi is injured while Shashankan escapes as the neighbours hear the commotion and comes out. Police try to catch Paappi suspecting his hand but Paappi escapes from their clutches. He also finds out that Annie is kidnapped. We see then Annie captured by Manikkunju and in a struggle she tries to escape and finds Dasan maash and asks for help. Manikkunju arrives and turns out that he is Dasan maash's business partner. Dasan maash reveals that Paappi and Mathayi are doing business on his former land which was actually bought by Mathayi long time back when Dasan Maash's, original name Sivadasa Menon, father had to sell it to them due to his extravagant lifestyle. Dasan maash tells Annie that he likes her and even though he knows Annie loves Paappi, her body will belong to him and tries to rape her. But Paappi comes to the rescue and saves the day. Meanwhile Mathayi also arrives learning the truth that it was Dasan maash who disrupted Annie's marriage proposal and also put fire in school building.