The story begins in presumably early 20th century China at a crowded train station, with Wong Fei Hung , his father Dr. Wong Kei Ying , and the family servant Tso , waiting in line. Wong Fei Hung is angry about having to pay a duty on the ginseng that Kei Ying is bringing back for a client. Disobeying his father, Fei Hung hides the ginseng in the suitcase of an employee of the British consul to avoid the tax When the train makes a stop, Fei Hung and Tso create a diversion to sneak into the first class section  to retrieve the ginseng. However, when Fei Hung gets to the luggage section of the first class, he spots a Manchurian officer  stealing an unknown item that is in a similar package as the ginseng. Fei Hung confronts him but the officer hits Fei Hung. However, Fei Hung retrieves the ginseng, and pursues the officer in revenge for hitting him. A long fight between them ensues under the train, with the officer gaining the upper hand. He warns Fei Hung that he will kill him and calls him a "henchman." Puzzled, Wong Fei Hung tells the officer that he is not a "henchman," and challenges him to a friendly hand-to-hand Kung Fu fight. Fei Hung uses his Zui Quan  style of martial arts on him, but it proves to be ineffective. The officer tells Fei-Hung that while his Kung-Fu is great, his drunken boxing has no power and can't kill. Fei Hung rushes back to the train, and the Manchurian officer opens the box he stole from the train, only to realize that it is actually Wong Kei Ying's ginseng. Meanwhile, on the train, guards of the British Consulate search for a stolen item and they ask the Wongs to show them their items. Fei Hung discovers that what was supposed to be his father's ginseng is actually some sort of valuable Chinese antique. However, before they discover what is actually in that box, a sympathetic son of a Northeast Chinese general  uses his influence to intervene . In a later scene, the British ambassador  is at his consulate, lecturing his henchman about their failure to bring back the Emperor's Jade Seal, the artifact now accidentally in Fei Hung's possession. He wishes to smuggle ancient Chinese artifacts and sell them to the London Museum of Arts. Then he sends his henchman, John and Henry , two western-dressed Asian martial artists who work for him, to make the workers at a local steel factory work overtime. When the workers refuse, Henry viciously beats them with his martial arts skills, and forces them to get back to work. When the Wongs return home from their train ride, Fei Hung realizes that he must replace his father's ginseng when his father's client, Mr. Chan, comes to retrieve it. Fei Hung takes the root of his father's prized ancient bonsai tree, discreetly gives it to Mr. Chan and tells him that it is the ginseng. The next day, Fei Hung goes to the market to buy some fish from Fishmonger Tsang  and snakes from Fun . Fun asks Fei-Hung to teach her drunken boxing. Tsang is jealous because he's interested in Fun and wanted to teach her his style of kung fu, Tsai Li Fu. He challenges Fei-Hung to a fight, with Fei-Hung using drunken boxing and Tang using his Tsai Li Fu. Fei Hung clearly wins, and Tsang respects him. Knowing that the bonzai tree root could be deadly for Mr. Chan if he decides to brew it, Fei-Hung's step-mom, Ling  decides to temporarily loan her necklace to one of her friends in exchange for some money to buy ginseng. This leads some of Master Wong's friends to believe that he needs money, and they offer him a collection, which a confused Master Wong declines. Meanwhile, Fei Hung and Ling do not realize that Henry and his men are following them. Assuming that what Ling and Fei Hung are carrying is the stolen artifact , they attempt to steal the bag, but Fei Hung retrieves it. Henry and his henchmen start a fight with Fei Hung and Ling. During the fight, Ling encourages Fei Hung to use drunken boxing against them to impress the crowd but and gain publicity for the Wongs' school, Po Chi Lam. She and her friends take a bunch of alcohol from a country club and give it to Fei Hung, therefore giving him the speed and power he needs to do drunken boxing properly, and then he impressively defeats Henry and his henchmen. However, Master Wong Kei Ying arrives at the scene just as Fei-Hung finishes off the last gangster. At that moment, the alcohol eventually takes over Fei Hung and he is clearly drunk and barely able to stand, and he embarrasses his father. Master Wong takes his son and wife home and lectures them, saying they are destroying his reputation by fighting and drinking in public, and for making others believe that they are broke. He beats Fei Hung for fighting and using drunken boxing . To make matters worse, Mr. Chan's wife comes by to tell Wong Kei Ying that her husband is very sick from the bonzai tree root, which is poisonous if consumed. Then, an infuriated Master Wong beats Fei Hung even more and disowns him, kicking him out of the house. Fei Hung goes to a restaurant and drinks heavily in sorrow. John arrives with a beaten Henry and the rest of the henchman from earlier to confront him. Fei Hung is now clearly too drunk to fight, and John beats him. Fishmonger Tsang arrives and tries to intervene, but is unable to when the vat of hot liquid he was carrying spills on him. The next morning, Fei Hung and Tsang are found knocked out beaten, with Fei Hung stripped with a banner hanging from him that says "King of Drunken Boxing." Master Wong brings Fei Hung back into the home, and explains that the reason why he forbids drunken boxing is because it is difficult for drunken boxers to find the right balance of alcohol consumption. The following night, the Manchurian officer from the train arrives at the Wong's residence to speak to Fei Hung. Master Wong recognizes him as Master Fu Wen-Chi, the "last decorated Manchu officer." The next day at a restaurant, Master Fu explains to Fei Hung that the artifact that ended up in his possession  was the Emperor's Jade seal. He tells him about the theft of precious ancient Chinese artifacts by foreigners  and asks him to join him in stopping it. Moments later, an enormous gang of Axe-wielding thugs , apparently paid for by the British Consulate, try to kill them. After a long fight, Fei Hung and Master Fu make an escape, and Fishmonger Tsang, Fun, and Marlon , Tang's student, join the fight. But a British consulate guard fatally shoots Master Fu when he runs down an alley, and they take back the Jade seal. Fu Wen Chi pleads with them to get it back, and later claims that they can't beat them. The following night, both Tsang and Fei Hung break into the consulate disguised as consulate guards to retrieve the Jade seal. However they are both caught, jailed, beaten, and held for ransom by the British Ambassador, who demands that Wong Kei Ying sells the land where Po Chi Lam and Fishmonger Tsang's schools are. Master Wong reluctantly agrees to do so and the Consulate releases Fei Hung and Tsang. Then the ambassador orders the steel mill to be closed down and for all of the steel shipments to be sent to Hong Kong. Angry, steelworkers Fo Sang  and a man named Uncle Hing  break into the steel mill later that night to find out what the British Consul is up to, and they discover that the British consulate is using the steel shipment boxes to smuggle the ancient Chinese artifacts. However, they are caught and they fight the consulate's henchman. Fo Sang escapes and informs Fei-Hung and Ling about what is happening. Later, Fei Hung, Tsang, Fun, and Marlon arrive at the factory where the workers are staging a protest that becomes violent against the Consulate's abuses. Fei Hung takes on all of the henchmen until only Henry and John are left. Fei Hung easily fights off Henry but John proves to be a tough opponent due to his strong, fast, and flexible kicks. When John and Henry gain the upper hand and are about to finish him off, Fei Hung uses the industrial alcohol in the steel mill to light Henry on fire, and then drinks it. Disposing of Henry, Fei Hung then drinks enough industrial alcohol and beats John in a wild fight scene with his drunken boxing. Later, the Wongs are rewarded by a Chinese general for their help in stopping the British Consulate's crimes. When they check on Fei-Hung, they discover that the industrial alcohol has made him blind, deaf, and mentally crippled.