Sharpay Evans  performs a dance number at the Lava Springs Country Club. There she meets a famous producer Jerry Taylor  who offers her a chance to star in his newest show on Broadway. Sharpay thinks the audition is for her, but it's actually for Boi, her dog. Sharpay later convinces her father to let her move to New York City on her own. He hesitantly accepts, but he has a condition: if the plan backfires, Sharpay is forced to move back with her parents and work at Lava Springs. While in New York, Sharpay is kicked out of her penthouse because they don't allow dogs. While in despair, she meets Peyton  who offers her a studio apartment. Sharpay accepts but is disgusted to find out what it is. Sharpay, Peyton, and Boi go shopping to give her studio a little make over. While Peyton sees Sharpay in distress, he brings her to the stage of the Radio City Music Hall which makes her feel much better. There she meets Neal Roberts and Gill Samms, producers of Jerry's show. When she finds out they only want Boi, she auditions him but only to be caught in a tie with very competitive Roger Elliston . Minutes later, Sharpay meets Amber Lee Adams , the star of the show. Leaving the theater, Sharpay is threatened by Roger that if she doesn't drop out, there will be serious consequences. Later in the film, Boi and Countess  run away together. Sharpay and Roger team up to find them. Fortunately, Peyton finds them at the theater. Meanwhile, Amber Lee fires her assistant and dimwittingly hires Sharpay just to boss her around. Unknowingly, Sharpay is a maid to her and answers to her every need. Sharpay later finds out that Amber Lee isn't all who she cracks up to be. So she and Roger concoct a plan to get her fired from the show. Her plan works, only to get Sharpay fired and Amber Lee quitting from the production. Just as it seems that the production is about to get canceled due to Amber Lee quitting, Peyton shows footage to the producers that she can be the girl to star in the show. They take his word and hire Sharpay as the lead role in "A Girl's Best Friend". Sharpay accepts the offer only if Boi and Countess split the role of Shelby. Sharpay and Peyton share a kiss and she finally gets her dream of performing on Broadway. In the end, Ryan Evans  appears at her door and when Sharpay left the room, he gets stuck in the fold-up bed.