A cruise liner, the SS Britannic, is in the middle of the Atlantic when the owner of the shipping line, Porter , receives a phone call from a man with a lilting Irish accent who refers to himself only as Juggernaut. Juggernaut claims to have placed seven barrels of amatol  aboard the Britannic that will explode and sink the ship by dawn the following day. The barrels are booby-trapped and any attempt to defuse them will result in an explosion. Details of how to render the bombs safe will be sent in exchange for a ransom of five hundred thousand pounds sterling. To show he is serious, Juggernaut arranges a demonstration, a series of small explosions on the Britannic's bridge that seriously injure one crewmen.  Porter is all for paying the ransom and saving the 1,200 passengers on board . However, officials of the British government inform Porter that if he pays the ransom, they will withdraw his company's operating subsidy. Instead, a bomb disposal expert, Lt. Cmdr. Anthony Fallon , and his team must parachute into the Atlantic, board the Britannic and defuse the barrels before the deadline. Meanwhile, Supt. John McCleod , whose wife and two children are on board the Britannic leads the efforts on land to find Juggernaut. After an attempt to defuse one bomb by robot fails, Fallon goes to his backup plan. Fallon's team will defuse one barrel each. Fallon will go first, informing his men of each move. If he fails and the bomb explodes, his men will know what went wrong. However, if two more bombs go off, the ship will sink. Fallon proceeds to disarm one bomb, with his men following each successful step, however, a sudden lurch in the ship due to the bad weather causes one of his men to trip a booby-trap, causing his death when the barrel explodes. Fallon gives up and tells the Captain to pay the ransom, but is persuaded to continue. Meanwhile, an extensive Police search locates Juggernaut and he is taken to the command post set up in a school where he is persuaded to tell Fallon how to disarm the final booby-trap. Fallon senses he is being lied to and cuts the opposite wire from the one Juggernaut tells him, thus rendering the bomb inert. His men quickly follow on their own bombs, Juggernaut is arrested and the ship is saved.