{{plot}} In a restroom in the White House in Washington, D.C., a janitor finds White House secretary Carla Town  dead. Metropolitan Police homicide Detective Harlan Regis , whose apartment house is awaiting demolition in favor of a parking lot, is put on the case. At the White House, Regis is introduced to U.S. Secret Service director Nick Spikings , U.S. National Security Advisor Alvin Jordan  and Secret Service agent Nina Chance . Spikings assigns Nina, a former Olympic gold-class sharpshooter, to keep an eye on Regis. Parallel to this, the White House has to deal with an impending international crisis: U.S. President Jack Neil  has been trying to deal with a situation where Americans are being held hostage in North Korea, and some people - including several members of his inner circle including Vice President Gordon Dylan - think the President is not handling it the right way. Some people think Jack should send troops to North Korea to rescue the hostages. Regis and Nina discover that Carla had an appointment in New York City and a flight from New York to the Virgin Islands, with no intention of returning to the U.S.. Coroner Jimmy Foley ([[Richard Blackburn  then tells Regis and Nina that whoever had sex with Carla on the night of the murder used a condom, meaning that no DNA was left. White House janitor Cory Allen Luchessi  was apparently unaccounted for on the night of the murder and had once attempted to make a pass at Carla; he is arrested and questioned, but his testimony and a clearly set-up piece of evidence lead Regis to suspect that the Secret Service may be involved. That night, Regis finds his apartment burglarized; the culprit escapes, and in a subsequent search, a hidden bug is found. In a picture of Carla, Regis sees Secret Service agent Burton Cash , the Secret Service agent assigned to Kyle Neil , the son of Jack Neil and First Lady Kitty Neil . Regis figures out that it was Kyle who had sex with Carla on the night of the murder. At the dance club, Regis talks to a young woman who says that Kyle once bragged that he shared Carla with his father. Carla's uncle's company, Brookline Associates, is Jack's leading East Coast fundraiser and Brookline also owns the apartment Carla lived in. Regis eventually discovers that Nina once used to be Kyle's bodyguard herself. When he confronts her, Nina explains that one night, she heard noises coming from Kyle's apartment, went in, and found Kyle beating up his girlfriend. Nina asked to be reassigned and was replaced by Burton Cash, and the Secret Service covered up the beating for Kyle so he wouldn't get arrested for assault & battery. This sparks Regis' suspicion that Kyle may actually be Carla's murderer. On the next day, Nina decides to forgo her duty and sneaks into the archive storage where she appropriates several pieces of evidence from Town's leftover possessions. Spikings finds out about this and sends Agent Cooper ([[Tom Wright  to look for Nina, who successfully avoids Cooper. She meets Regis and tells him that Carla, according to a note in an appointment book, had an appointment in New York with Craig Nisker & Associates, who have sold 5 of the top 10 scandal memoirs of all time, and they know that the appointment would be a good motive for Kyle to kill Carla. They also discover that the President and his wife were in the White House at the time of the murder, not at Camp David, like they said they were. Since Jack had also slept with Carla, he would have the same motive Kyle would have for preventing a public scandal. Regis confronts Kyle with his suspicions, who claims that he did not murder Carla, but is able to provide a special piece of information: among the bookings she made, Carla has supposedly also ordered a car - with the only hitch being that she had had no driver's license. Later on, Regis and Nina discover that the most recent entries in Carla's appointment book were forged. With some clues left by Alvin Jordan, Regis manages to find out that Spikings has withheld several surveillance video tapes from the night of the murder. Regis goes to Spikings's residence to question him, and Spikings is willing to show him the tape but is instantly killed by a sniper. Regis and Nina eventually discover that Alvin Jordan is behind everything, but things get the more difficult for them as Jordan has now framed Regis and Nina as traitors. Jordan wants Jack to resign so Dylan  can take over as President, because Dylan would not be afraid to send troops to North Korea to rescue the hostages, and Jordan believes that Jack's refusal to rescue the hostages by force makes Jack unfit to be President. Regis, Nina, and Regis's partner and friend Stengel  enter the White House tunnels while Jordan still tries to make sure Dylan can take over as President. In the tunnels, the sniper who killed Spikings for Jordan pursues them and wounds Stengel, but Nina manages to kill him. Pursued by the Secret Service, Regis just barely manages to get in contact with the President and present him with the evidence of Jordan's conspiracy. Jordan attempts to shoot the President, only for his shot to be intercepted by Nina. Jordan is then killed by the Secret Service. Nina and Stengel are brought to a hospital, where they recover from their injuries. In gratitude for his rescue, the President promises Regis to look into the commission who bought Regis's building.