The city of Kozhikode suddenly witnesses a massive communal riot, claiming 12 people. Madhukumar , a wildlife photographer witnessing a group of criminals transporting explosives through forest check post, calls up Shankar ([[Devan , the police commissioner and passes the information. Shankar asks him to wait for his guys who would pick him up. But instead of police, it was the same goons who came for him. Madhu is brutally murdered at the same night. Joseph Alex IAS , the aggressive and belligerent district collector is suspicious of the activities of city police commissioner and decides to investigate the case. He is assisted by ASP Prasad , another sincere officer, who also admires Joseph for his arrogant way of dealing politicians. Madhu's father  reaches out Prasad for filing a man missing complaint. Prasad finds out the body of Madhu in a decomposed stage with his camera, but the film missing. This leads to many suspicions. Jayakrishnan ([[Murali , the MP from Kozhikode, with strong international connections, is the main brain behind the massacre. He planned the communal violence to topple the government. He along with John Vargeese , the state minister and Kandanmkuzhi Thankachan  is also involved in several illegal real estate business under the cover of communal violence. Jayakrishnan, with his trusted lieutenant, Shankar, the commissioner of police, tries hard to topple the investigation. Dr. Vijay, the police medical surgeon, who conducted the autopsy of Madhu was found dead in a road accident on the next morning. Sanjay ([[Vijayaraghavan , a close buddy of Joseph during his Mussourie training days arrives in Kozhikode to investigate the murder of Dr.Vijay, who was also his brother. Joseph, along with Sanjay and Prasad finds out the conspiracies hatched by Jayakrishnan along with Vikram Khorpade, a Mumbai based underworld don. Jayakrishnan meanwhile is appointed as a cabinet minister in central ministry. Joseph Alex arrests Anathashakara Iyer , a left arm of Khorpade, who gives out important information against Khorpade, Jayakrishnan and Shankar. On the arrival at airport after sworn-in ceremony as cabinet minister, Jayakrishnan is about to get arrested by Joseph Alex. Shankar is suspended from police service with immediate effect and is taken away by IB team. Jayakrishnan, who loses temper, in a bid to escape shoots mercilessly at the crowd. But before fleeing from the spot, he is killed by Joseph Alex.