After the end of World War I, Australian soldier Jocko Wilson  admires the spirit of a destitute Belgian orphan who fights a larger boy. He feeds the child, whom he names "Nipper", and the boy's younger sister Mary. When he receives orders to go home, he gets his friend Ginger Gaffney ([[Clyde Cook  to smuggle the pair aboard their ship. Then, realizing he knows nothing about raising children, he proposes to his singer girlfriend Aggie Dawlins . She accepts. However, he gets drunk and is nearly arrested; in the confusion, he forgets and sails home without her. An ex-boxer, Jocko buys a tavern and trains the boy to fight, while Mary is sent off to a boarding school. The adult Nipper  gets to fight the boxing champion of the British Empire for the title. Jocko takes all bets, even after Ginger warns him he cannot cover them all if Nipper loses. Mary  graduates and returns home. In the title fight, Nipper is holding his own until he is sent crashing out of the ring. When he gets back in, he realizes he has injured his shoulder and cannot use one arm. Nevertheless, knowing Jocko's financial peril, Nipper knocks out the champion. Afterward, the doctor informs Jocko privately that Nipper may never be able to fight again, but Jocko keeps this from his boy. With his profits, Jocko buys an isolated hotel in Northern Australia, where Nipper recuperates. Local priest Father Ploycarp  believes he can heal Nipper's shoulder. The hotel remains empty, leaving Jocko in dire financial trouble once again. One day, a guest finally shows up. To Jocko's surprise, it is Aggie, now a rich widow. She lends him money, not only to pay his creditors, but also to lose gambling with her. Finally, in desperation, Jocko wagers his hotel against all he owes her on a game of craps. He loses, and Aggie gets her revenge for being left at the altar. When Nipper sees his reporter friend "Dusty" Rhodes , who had covered his fight, go off with Mary to ask her to marry him, he becomes furious and beats the man up. Only then does he realize that his feelings for Mary go far beyond a brother's affections. He decides to leave without explanation, causing a rupture with Jocko, who had set up a match against the world champion after seeing that Nipper's shoulder has healed. Then World War II breaks out. To Jocko's shame, Ginger is accepted but he is not when they go to re-enlist in the army. He pretends to Mary and Aggie that he is an officer, but actually takes a construction job to help the war effort. By chance, he is in the neighborhood when the hotel is attacked by Japanese bombers. He races to the place and encounters Nipper, now a soldier, who has had the same idea. They find the establishment under the control of the crew of a bomber that had crashed nearby. They kill all the Japanese airmen and rescue Aggie, Mary, and the children being sheltered there. Aggie has some unexpected good news for Nipper. Mary's description of a recurring nightmare of the day her parents were killed  had set Aggie to investigating. Confirmation had finally arrived from Belgium. Nipper and Mary are not siblings after all; she had merely been adopted by Nipper's parents. Now there is nothing to stand in the way of the couple's happiness.