By 2044, the United States has suffered economic collapse, causing severe social decay and growth in organized crime. In addition, a mutation has occurred in 10% of the population giving them telekinetic powers. Time travel is invented in 2074, but is immediately outlawed. Tracking technology has rendered it nearly impossible to dispose of bodies secretly, so crime bosses send their targets back to the past where they are killed by "loopers": assassins paid with silver bars strapped to the victim. When crime bosses want to end a looper's contract , the looper will kill his future self and get paid instead with gold bars. Failing to close the loop is punishable by death. In 2044, Joe Simmons  is a looper for a mafia company in Kansas. His boss Abe  was sent from the future to manage the loopers and also owns a club that Joe frequents, and where he spends time with Suzie , a showgirl. Abe controls his own group of hired muscle, the "Gat Men", including the overconfident Kid Blue , who is desperate to prove himself to Abe. One night, Joe's friend Seth  visits him and tells him that he was supposed to close his own loop, but hesitated. Before Seth's future self escaped, he mentions the Rainmaker, a man who has taken over future organized crime and is closing all loops. Joe attempts to protect Seth, but betrays him to Abe instead of surrendering half of his silver, which he has secretly been stashing for his retirement. The mafia capture Seth and start mutilating him, knowing that the injuries will be translated to his future self. They scar an address on his arm which he has to go to. Along the way, Old Seth begins losing body parts, and upon arriving at the location he is killed by Kid Blue, closing the loop. Later, during a contract, Joe hesitates when he recognizes the target is his future self, allowing him to escape. After meeting in a diner, Old Joe  tells Joe that the Rainmaker sent him back to be killed, and that Old Joe's wife was killed during his capture. Old Joe killed his captors and traveled back to kill the Rainmaker as a child. Joe attempts to kill Old Joe and fulfill his contract, but both of them flee when they are attacked by the Gat Men. Joe tears a scrap off a map Old Joe had, bearing a marked location and a string of digits. Old Joe uses the numbers to search a database, getting three possible children born on the same day in the same hospital, and he intends to kill all three. Joe follows the map to a farmhouse owned by Sara , who lives with her son Cid. When Joe shows Sara the map, Sara recognizes the digits as Cid's birthday and the serial number of the hospital he was born in, prompting Joe to explain the situation. Joe tells Sara about the Rainmaker and the danger they're in, and offers to stay and protect them, killing Old Joe when he comes around. As Joe and Sara become close, he learns that she is a telekinetic, and that Cid was raised by Sara's sister for most of his life until she was killed. Cid does not believe that Sara is his real mother. One morning, they are attacked by Gat Man Jesse, who is killed when Cid falls down the stairs and lets out a telekinetic blast. Joe believes that Cid is the Rainmaker, and Sara confirms that Cid inadvertently killed her sister when he lost control of his powers. Meanwhile, Old Joe is captured by Kid Blue. Joe tells Sara and Cid to flee, surmising that his employers or Old Joe will target the farm. Meanwhile, Old Joe breaks free, killing Abe and all the Gat Men except for Kid Blue, whom Old Joe presumed to be dead. As the two Joes confront each other near Sara's house, Kid Blue attacks and is killed by young Joe. Old Joe escapes during the attack, then finds and attempts to kill Cid, prompting Cid to let out another telekinetic blast. However, before Cid can kill Old Joe, Sara calms him down and assures him by telling him his mother is with him. Old Joe tries to kill Cid again, but Sara stands between them. Joe realizes that if Old Joe kills Sara, it will traumatize Cid in a way that will contribute to him becoming the Rainmaker, thus creating a closed time loop. Joe kills himself with his blunderbuss, erasing Old Joe from existence and saving Sara and Cid.