The film is about Les Anderson , a 16-year-old who is trying to get his driver's license. He has a crush on one of the more popular and attractive girls in school, Mercedes Lane . After failing his driver's exam, Les takes the road test , following a computer surge that he inadvertently caused. The Department of Motor Vehicles had originally let him pass the exam  because his twin sister had scored so highly; they decided that twins could not be too different. But when his test scores are finally retrieved, his new license is torn up and he is officially failed. Les lies to his parents and friends, convincing them that he has passed the test. Unfortunately, his parents find out the truth and as a result, Les is grounded. That night, having already made plans to use his new license, he sneaks out of the house with his grandfather's prized 1972 Cadillac for a night on the town with Mercedes. After showing him how the city looks from far away on a hill, she tells him that her father used to bring her there. While Mercedes is getting drunk, she and Les cause minor damage to the hood of the car by dancing on it. Mercedes then passes out. Les panics and goes to his friend Dean's house, where Dean  fixes the dents in the car's hood. Dean persuades Les to go out for a joyride, along with their friend Charles, who are both still unaware that Les does not have a license. The three, along with a blacked out Mercedes , end up getting into all kinds of trouble and hilarity ensues as they cause more damage to the Cadillac. Of course, the next day, Les does get in trouble with his father after coming back home  with a Cadillac that is damaged beyond minor repair. Then his mother, late in the night, wakes up her husband and shouts that she is in labor. Luckily, Les is able to drive his father, little brother Rudy and his mom to the hospital – in reverse, because the Cadillac is so badly damaged it can no longer be put into drive. After they get there and Les' mother is taken into the hospital, a crane fails and a falling girder crushes the Cadillac, much to the shock of Les and his father. Later, thankfully, Les' grandfather laughs it off when he jokingly reveals that he had written off Les' father's BMW. Les' father tells Les that the BMW is all his now, and, laughing, tells him to take good care of it. However, Les has changed his mind about getting a BMW, saying he does not need it anymore. Mercedes soon pulls up in a Volkswagen Golf Cabriolet, while Les says "I already have a Mercedes" and then runs over and hops into it. Les then drives off with Mercedes, and the credits roll.