Whilst white hunter Ken Duffield  is leading a safari, Mau Mau terrorists attack his farm; slaughtering the labourers and livestock. Duffield's son Charlie and Aunt May  defend their home against the mass attack but they do not know that their houseboy Jeroge  is actually a Mau Mau general. From inside the farmhouse, Jeroge murders Aunt May with a machete and Charlie by repeatedly firing May's rifle into the child. As Duffield returns to his destroyed homestead the Kenya Police have obtained information from a captured wounded terrorist of Jeroge's exploits in the affair. Surmising that Duffield will use his hunting expertise to track down and revenge himself on the terrorists in general and Jeroge in particular, they escort him back to Nairobi and revoke his hunting licence until the situation and Duffield cool down. Duffield spends his exile in Nairobi drinking and gathering intelligence of Jeroge from his African friends. He gets his chance for revenge when the powerful Sir Vincent Brampton , accompanied by his flunky Brian  and his young trophy fiancée Linda  arrive in Nairobi determined to hire Duffield to lead a Safari so Sir Vincent can bag a legendary man-eating lion named "Hatari". Duffield knows that Hatari resides in an area that Jeroge is known to frequent and that Sir Vincent can use his influence to get his hunting licence back. Setting off on safari with his boss boy Jerusulem  and Odongo , Sir Vincent suspects Duffield is not interested in hunting lions when he carries a Sten gun; Duffield explaining "you never know what kind of animals you may find". Sir Vincent confirms his opinion when Duffield jumps out of his Land Rover to join the Police in a firefight against the Mau Mau and is keen to extract information from the prisoners. Duffield keeps his promise to bring Sir Vincent and his party to Hatari's turf in the land of the Maasai where the audience witnesses a traditional Maasai lion hunt. Duffield's plans face peril when - *A police radio report reveals that an unknown member of the safari is a Mau Mau plant *The obsessive Sir Vincent is determined to get sole credit for killing Hatari and unloads Duffield's rifle *Linda decides to take an excursion down a crocodile infested river in a rubber dinghy *Another police radio report warns that two hundred Mau Mau prisoners have escaped and are headed towards Duffield's safari to link up with Jeroge