Gangaram  is an orphan who dreams of becoming a police officer from childhood. Working in a cafe belonging to Babai M S Narayana in mornings, Gangaram attends night school to achieve his dream and within no time Gangaram becomes Police. Young, dynamic and sincere Gangaram targets the Underworld Mafia and their activities in the city. Within three days of his appointment, Gangaram is elevated to an Encounter Specialist by DIG Bharath Nandan .Gangaram and his team of four cops start their hunt for two Underworld gangs, first Talwar gang operating within the city and second Khalid  gang operating from Malaysia. First Gangaram cleans up Talwar gang and plans to travel Kenya where Khalid is on a one day private trip. When Gangaram is getting ready for Kenya, Police raid the house and prove his illegal contacts with Mafia. Gangaram finds it very soon that he was trapped in the plan of Khalid and DIG Bharathnandan who used him as a tool to clean their Mafia opponent Talwar.In an interview by the Telugu new channel 9, Gangaram starts cry that his own department framed him and states that he will become a gangster and kill everyone who was involved in framing him including the DIG and ACP. An adamant Gangaram escapes from police and re-establishes himself as Gangu Bhai, the Mafia Don. Pavitra, the love interest of Gangaram finds out her mother was killed by the DIG. In a friendly encounter, he kills the DIG and goes to Malaysia where he meets Khalid. After he gets there he gets beat up by Khalid but he escapes and in a wild chase, Gangaram and Khalid battle on a helicopter rooftop and Gangaram kills Khalid and puts 10 bullets in him. The movie ends when Audience finds out that Gangaram have been set up by the DGP Prakash Raj for eliminating all the gangsters. He then asks the DGP to remove all the cases against him so that he can come back and join the Police force again, but the DGP says it's not that easy as he had killed police officers too. Instead he tells him to start and run a mafia gang in Malaysia and operate there so that He can be of a relief that Mafia Gang is under Police itself. Gangaram then calls his gang and Pavitra to come to Malasia and gets settled there.