A Hero Ain't Nothin' but a Sandwich opens by panning over downtown Los Angeles. The film takes place during the summertime. Benjie  is a likeable but troubled teen. He lives with his mother, named Sweets , and grandmother, named Mrs. Bell . Benjie has several friends and playmates within the neighborhood and his grades at school are above average. He is surprisingly normal and healthy for a teenager. However, in the midst, there is something going on inside Benjie that nobody around him knows or understands. Benjie has deep pain which stems from constantly dealing with the fact that his father left the family and the fallout since his departure. On top of it all, Benjie cannot manage to get along with his mother's new boyfriend, Butler . Benjie deals with the emotional weight by trusting his school friends and building relationships stronger than with his own family. He soon discovers that he is happier with his pseudo-family than what he understands to be his miserable real family. Benjie conforms to the group and his behavior and outlook changes rapidly as he is engulfed by the overwhelming peer pressure. Among Benjie’s buddies are Carwell . Carwell is the one who introduces Benjie to heroin; one day he takes him to the drug dealer’s home, named Tiger . Benjie is hardly a street rat; he has a loving family who is always worrying about his well being. Butler , the new man around the house is equally concerned about Benjie, but often at odds with him only to be sided against by the boy’s mother. Benjie’s life at school is a refuge as he has two caring teachers who look after him. The first, Nigeria  is a hip and bold extrovert, asking his students to learn and recite important facts of black history, which Benjie proves he can absorb information with ease. Benjie’s other influence is Mr. Cohen , concerned that Nigeria’s over-emphasis on African history and desire to rid the school of non-white staff are wrong, a sort of anti-thesis. The conflict between these two polar differences in belief, a tug-of-war over education, history, and white privilege, plays a larger end-game role in the story as we see it unfold before Benji’s eyes. The continued drug use along with the corrupted group mentality soon got Benjie hooked on heroin ultimately crumbling to the merciless drug. The story that follows are the events leading up to a family learning to come to terms with a child who has hit rock bottom and the drastic life changes that have to be made for everyone involved.