Emma  and Will  are best friends since childhood; they lost touch a long time ago—as far as she knows. She is back in their hometown, because her father is sick and dying. Emma hasn't just come home to be with her father, but she is also trying to leave behind her complicated love life and career as a TV actress. She has a strained relationship with her mother. While a man and a woman are giving Will a ride back home, Will tells them the story of how he fell in love with Emma and how she was with him when his parents died. Upon arrival he visits his brother Jim, a banker, who believes Will has mental problems because of the death of their parents that took place when Will was very young. Will stays with his childhood friend Joe. While Will was practicing how he is going to tell Emma how he feels about her, Joe comes as Will tells him that he is going to announce his love for her today or tomorrow. However, Emma's boyfriend follows her home because he wants to reconcile, staying at a local hotel. Will and Emma spend the day together, reminiscing on times passed. She admits her unfaithfulness to her boyfriend, who wants to marry her. She discovers Will has been following her everywhere and asks him to promise that he will stop following her. Will agrees and leaves town. It is revealed that Emma's boyfriend has murdered the man with whom Emma was having an affair, although she is still not aware of this. When her boyfriend finds out that Will has been following Emma, he calls the LAPD  and claims it was Will who committed the murder. Will decides to hitchhike away from his hometown. On his way he is arrested by the highway patrol and taken to jail. Jim bails him and takes him to the airport. Will runs away to San Francisco, leaving behind money to make up for the bail his brother paid. Emma is shaken with the news of her lover's death, and gets a letter from Will proving that he wasn't in LA when the murder was committed. She gets her boyfriend arrested. Emma's father dies. Emma goes to Joe and asks him to tell Will that she is sorry for what she had said to him. After Emma's father's funeral she receives a love letter from Will. She leaves for San Francisco to look for him, finding him performing on Fisherman's Wharf.