Chandni is from a poor family who desires to come out of her poverty life. She finds a shortcut to be rich is to marry a rich man and sets off to Bombay. She meets a man whose stands near a car and assumes he is a rich man and asks him to marry her. But she finds that he is not a rich man she dumps him immediately. The man is actually Neeraj who aims to become a playback singer in movies. He steps every possible studio to meet musicians to get a chance but he cannot succeed. Chandni lands in a bunglaw to escape from a goon. She plans to settle in the house and requests owner Doctor Rana to let her stay in the house. Dr. Rana finds Chandni is an innocent village girl and allows her in his house. Chandni takes the incharge of the home granted and dismisses the servants which annoys Rana. But he feel good of woman's presence in his home after his wife's death. Neeraj attempts to get a chance by getting recommendation from a social worker whose brother is a musician. He poses as a lame person to her but gets caught when he goes to treatment to Dr. Rana as Chandni exposes him. Neeraj gets angry on her and oaths to ruin her plans which scares Chandni. Chandni plans to make Dr. Rana propose for marriage to her. Neeraj gets frustrated on all of his failure attempts to be a singer. He meets a famous film actress Saritha and request her get a chance. Saritha invites him stay at her home and he goes to her home. Saritha actually plans to marry him and not to get chance for singing. When Neeraj finds this he gets out of the home angrily as he does not want to marry Saritha. When he analysed the reason is that he loves Chandni.Dr. Rana finds that Chandni is a good singer and makes her to change a fashionable woman. Neeraj proposes Chandni but she refuses as want to marry a rich man to get out of her poverty life. Neeraj repeatedly attempts to win her love and finally Chandni accepts him. Chandni finds that Dr. Rana actually has love for daughter to her and feels bad for her immatured acts. Neeraj manages to get a chance to sing and he re-unites with his rich parents after he got out of home. While on his way to meet Chandni he meets with an accident and loses his voice. Doctor Rana dies of illness and Chandni is again back to poor life. When Chandni meets Neeraj on the road he goes away unwilling to be burdern for Chandni but Chandni misunderstands that Neeraj dumped her because she is a poor girl. Neeraj decides to make Chandni a playback singer and support her without revealing himself with the help of his mother. As expected Chandni becomes a famous singer but she hates Neeraj for leaving her alone. Would Chandni come to know about Neeraj? Will Neeraj get his voice back?