In the early 1950s, a four-man squad of unorthodox Los Angeles Police Department detectives begins throwing its weight around by tossing Jack Flynn , a suspected organized crime figure, off a cliff on Mulholland Drive, nicknamed "Mulholland Falls" for all the men they have tossed off it. Detective Maxwell Hoover  and his partners Coolidge , Hall , and Relyea  are called to investigate a suspicious death of a young woman found at a construction site. The evidence shows that every bone in her body is broken. A coroner deduces that she looks like she "jumped off a cliff," although there are no cliffs nearby. The woman is later identified to be an aspiring actress, Allison Pond . The detectives receive a film of Allison having sex in a motel room, taken by a secretly hidden camera behind a two-way mirror. Allison's gay friend Jimmy Fields  admits to making this film and more but he is murdered before he can reveal more information. Radioactive glass is found in Allison's foot, which leads the detectives to the Nevada Atomic Testing Site, where they illegally break in and investigate. Colonel Fitzgerald  threatens to lock up the police officers, warning them that they have no authority there. The man in the film with Allison proves to be the civilian commander of the secret base, retired General Thomas Timms , now head of the Atomic Energy Commission. Max's marriage to Kate  is jeopardized by someone desperate to retrieve the film, a blackmailer who sends Kate a copy of a film showing her husband and Allison having sex in the same motel room. Despite the FBI's attempt to persuade the LAPD's Chief  and his squad to drop the case, further investigation leads the detectives to the "atomic soldiers" used as guinea pigs for atomic bomb tests, now dying in a secret military hospital. Images of them also were captured on a film made by Jimmy Fields. Max and his partner Ellery Coolidge board a C-47 cargo airplane with Colonel Fitzgerald and his aide  to return to Los Angeles. During the flight, Max tells Coolidge that Fitzgerald is going to kill them by throwing them off the airplane in mid-air, the same way that Allison Pond died. In a vicious struggle, the detectives fight for their lives during a shoot-out on the airplane. Fitzgerald is thrown off by Max, falling to his death. The pilot is fatally shot but manages to crash land. Coolidge dies of a bullet wound after surviving the crash. Max cannot reconcile with his wife at the funeral because she feels betrayed and heartbroken. At the cemetery, where he explains that his unit has been disbanded, she walks out on Max for good.