 Murphy "Barfi" Johnson  is an optimistic, charming young man who was born deaf-mute to a Nepali-origin couple in Darjeeling. He lost his mother as a baby; and his father raised him alone, working as a chauffeur. Barfi meets Shruti Ghosh , who has just arrived in the city and is engaged to be married in three month's time, and is immediately smitten. She falls in love with Barfi but Shruti is dissuaded from pursuing him by her mother because he won't be able to take care of her due to his disabilities and lack of money. Shruti takes her mother's advice, gets married, and moves to Kolkata, breaking all contact with Barfi. Meanwhile, Barfi's father falls ill and Barfi must somehow raise the money for his treatment. After an unsuccessful attempt to rob a local bank, he attempts to kidnap his childhood friend, Jhilmil Chatterjee  to hold her for ransom. Jhilmil is the autistic granddaughter of a wealthy man who left all his money in her name after his death. Upon arriving however, Barfi finds she has already been kidnapped. Sneaking aboard a van he spots her in, he drives Jhilmil away from the actual ransom delivery and hides her in his apartment with the police in their pursuit. He collects the ransom but finds that his father has died just as he makes the payment. Dejected, he tries to drop off Jhilmil at the village of her caretaker but she refuses to leave him and they soon move to Kolkata, with Barfi assuming responsibility of Jhilmil and taking care of her; a strong bond grows between the two in this time.  After 6 years, Barfi happens to meet Shruti again. She is unhappy with her marriage and they rekindle their friendship, much to the chagrin of the lovestruck Jhilmil, who then goes missing. Shruti files a missing person's report for Jhilmil; the Darjeeling police learn about the report and resume their pursuit of Barfi, arresting him. As he is being interrogated, another ransom demand for Jhilmil is made and she is apparently killed in the process of the exchange, though her body is never found. In order to wrap up the case, the police attempt to frame Barfi for the murder. The investigating officer  who grows a soft spot for Barfi after chasing him all these years for his nuisances takes pity on him and asks Shruti to take him away, offering him a second chance at life, to which she agrees, hoping that now that Jhilmil is gone, she can finally be with Barfi. Barfi, however, is deeply affected by Jhilmil's loss and finds living with Shruti unfulfilling. Barfi deduces the location of the home where Jhilmil had spent her childhood and takes Shruti to look for her. It is revealed that Jhilmil is alive, both kidnappings having been fabricated as a means for her father to embezzle money from the trust fund in her name; the second time, they faked her death so that she could return to her special-care home, away from the clutches of her alcoholic mother. Barfi has a sweet reunion with Jhilmil and the two get married, while Shruti spends the rest of her days alone, regretting having lost her opportunity to be with Barfi.  Barfi is deeply ill and close to natural death in a hospital. Jhilmil arrives and lays with Barfi in his hospital bed as Shruti narrates that the two peacefully passed away together, not wanting to leave each other behind in neither life nor death. The film closes showing the last days of Barfi and Jhilmil as credits roll.