 {{machinima episode}} As Bravo Team moves into the facility, Frank begins to narrate the moment with some internal monologue. It is quickly revealed that he is in fact speaking out loud and annoying the team. Frank replies that it calms him down. The team, after letting their annoyance be known, inform Frank that they actually never see any paranormal activity, that in reality they simply run in, waste some time, run back out and say they chased off the ghosts, and get their paychecks. As Bravo 1 rambles on about how their bosses expect them to chase off ghosts with machine guns, something sneaks up behind him and drags him away. As the rest of the team try to figure out what happened to Bravo 1, we can hear him off screen screaming in pain as something kills him. The episode ends with Bravo team realizing the situation and the Chief's dismay at having to write a report on it.  {{machinima episode}} The Chief and Frank go into the next room to see what has happened to Bravo 1, with Frank going in first. Before the Chief follows, he leaves instructions for Bravo 2 and 3 that if they hear the Chief scream "corduroy" that they should rush in and help. Bravo 3, of course disagrees, advising the Chief that a code word in the middle of a panic situation is ill-fated. After the Chief enters the room while Frank screams his name, Bravo 2 and 3 agree that if they hear the word "corduroy", they will instead retreat from the premises. The Chief enters the room as Frank is freaking out from the sight of blood covering the walls. Some of the walls have messages written in blood, supposedly Bravo 1's, such as 'I'm dying' and 'Help me'. After Frank notices that some blood trails lead around a corner, the Chief orders Frank to go check it out. As Frank looks into the other room, which he notes has the same poorly-lit style as the other rooms in the building and the doorways with no doors, the Chief spots the mysterious killer and starts screaming "Denim!" and "Polyester!", neither of which is the code word that he had previously told Bravo 2 and 3. Before he is killed, he curses Bravo 3 for jinxing him. Frank turns around to find the skeletal remains of the Chief and asks, "Hey, where'd all your meat go?" Back in the other room Bravo 2 and 3 both debate whether they heard the code word spoken. As Bravo 2 tries to come up with an excuse to run to the car, Bravo 3 and then 2 are punched by the mysterious entity, Bravo 2 shrieking "HOLY SHIT! PUNCHING GHOST!". After realizing that trying to shoot it would most likely wind up with them hitting each other instead, they drop their weapons and resort to mêlée combat, punching and kicking at nothing but air as Frank enters the room. Perplexed, he asks "What are you doing?", just as he himself is punched by the mysterious entity.  {{machinima episode|title3 minutes, 51 seconds|releaseOuttakes reel It is essentially a compilation of outtakes and cuts from the actual episodes released to the public. The outtakes include an alternative demise dialog of Bravo 1, during which he says "D'oh, it just sprayed me with Mace! WHY WOULD IT DO THAT?". Other things are Bravo 2 spinning out of control, and how Frank could recognize the Chief as a charred skeleton. Various takes are also shown with Frank saying alternate dialog to the Chief's skeleton such as "Ooh, gold fillings!" and "Your clavicle's showing!"