An elderly widow, Anna Marshall , lives in isolation following the death of her beloved husband. With no friends and an estranged son, Anna is a senior citizen alone in the world—obsolete and discarded. The only visitor since her husband’s funeral is her sympathetic neighbor, Julia . But with seemingly little in common their polite tea break ends far too quickly, leaving Anna unable to ask for the companionship she desperately longs for as her nervous neighbor quickly leaves to attend to her children. Anna’s empty days are filled with restless routines and ticking clocks until a silent stranger calls. With this, Anna’s phone rings every day promptly at 3:30pm. At first Anna finds the calls intrusive and tells the stranger the calls are invading her privacy, but as the calls continue, Anna finds herself waiting for her phone to ring. When the stranger calls 15 minutes late one afternoon, Anna realizes just how dependent she has become on the calls and does something that completely surprises herself. She talks to the stranger: “Who are you? Are you a man or a woman? Are you married?” In desperation, Anna begins to befriend her prankster. An odd and mysterious friendship evolves as Anna recounts the events of her days and her life’s experiences with startling honesty. The daily phone calls grow in duration—lasting hours with Anna feeling newly inspired and connected if only by a silent phone call. Happy weeks and months pass until New Year's Eve arrives. Dressed to the nines, Anna pops a cork and toasts her silent friend. At the stroke of midnight, the silence is broken at last when the stranger speaks. Anna is startled—overjoyed and incredulous. But Anna’s phone never rings again. Devastated, she turns to the phone company frantic to find the name and number of her caller. The manager tells Anna that the number is private and that by law he is unable to reveal the caller’s name or number. Inconsolable, he encourages Anna to get a private number and assures her that if she does, she’ll never be ‘bothered’ again. Anna’s return to her bleak life of isolation. With no one to talk to and with no other recourse, Anna is compelled to action that surprises none as much as herself.