Basil  is a young British aristocrat who grew up on the country estate of Windermere Hall. His father, Frederick , is a traditionalist who believes that there are things people of their class should never do. One of those things is romancing the women of lower classes, and Frederick threatens Basil with disinheriting him if he ever succumbs to the temptation. Young Basil is, however, of a rebellious nature and, during his studies, he befriends a commoner named John Mannion . Mannion introduces the young aristocrat to Julia Sherwin , the beautiful daughter of a local merchant. Basil falls in love and marries the girl, only to realize that she was sleeping with John and was pregnant with his child. Basil attacks John in an alley and stomps his face in when he realizes what John was up to. Later he delivers Julia's child and hears John coming up the stairs. He hides and sees him with a mask covering his face. Julia tries to lift it, and John says, "Remember as I was, not what I am now". She dies in his arms after telling him the child is his, not Basil's. All john wants is to take the child and leave. Basil hears and chases John with a knife. They fight and Basil pulls down John's mask. He gasps when he sees his face. It is very scarred and mutilated. John has chosen not to see his face but he sees it in the reflection of the knife he is holding. He goes to a nearby cliff and commits suicide because of his ruined face. Basil takes the newborn child and escapes to Ireland. He names her Clara, after the orphaned cousin he was raised with. He goes back to England and meets the original Clara. She takes his daughter for tea and tells him to say hello to his father. His father explains that he disowned Basil and his brother because they reminded him of himself and his own weaknesses. He betrayed his wife when she was ill because she could not be intimate with him. He regrets what he did, because he loved Basil's mother deeply. Basil and his father reconcile and the film ends.