The film opens up with Ginko, a stripper, trying to escape a horde of zombies inside an abandoned spa resort. As soon as she is cornered by a horde of zombies, fellow stripper Lena Jodo  arrives to kill the zombies with a chainsaw. During the attack, the chainsaw stops working and Lena is about to be killed by the zombies, only to be saved after Ginko fends them off with a katana. Lena is eventually successful at getting the chainsaw to work and begins to fend off the remaining zombies. The film cuts to several days earlier where Ginko and Lena are working in an unsuccessful strip club called Paradise Ikagawa Theatre with several other strippers. The most notable being Maria, an intelligent, red headed gothic bookworm with a penchant for self mutilation (along with a habit of quoting literary figures such as William Shakespeare., Lena, a forture telling stripper, and Darna, a stripper trying to raise enough money to see her siblings. Lena recounts what led her to the club. Several days ago, Lena returned from Mexico in desperate need of cash and goes to find work. However, she ends up getting drunk and breaking into a homeless man's cardboard box and sleeping with him. Hungover and disgusted by the discovery, Lena ditches him, steals his umbrella, and leaves while being yelled at by the homeless man over the stolen umbrella. Lena later receives a phone call from Manjiro, a deadbeat Ikagawa Promotions manager who owes the strippers a huge amount of money. Manjiro informs Lena that Ginko got arrested recently and that he will need a dancer to perform for ten days. Lena reluctantly accepts the offer due to her requiring shelter. Lena later meets up with Yudai, an employee of the strip club. Once they arrive, Yudai tells Lena about a man who attempted to build a spa resort, but was unsuccessful and led to his own family committing suicide with the spa resort being next to the strip club. Later, Yudai informs them that the theatre will be closed tomorrow. Nene interrogates Yudai about the payment and the strippers go to Manjiro after Yudai had no knowledge regarding the payment. Manjiro tries to lie his way out of the payment, but is unsuccessful. Agreeing to pay for the gig, Manjiro offers them a strip show gig at a spa resort. At the spa resort, Nene tells one of the spa workers they are with Ikagawa productions. However, the spa worker tells them that sex trade workers must come through the back door. In response Ginko informs them that they are dancers, not strippers or prostitutes. Later, the group performs a show for one of the spa attendees. Instead, the lead attendee insists on a sumo wrestling match between Lena and Ginko where the winner receives cash and the loser will be forced to be used as a human sushi bar. Lena wins the match while Ginko is reluctantly forced to become the human sushi bar. Lena ends up unintentionally sleeping with the lead spa attendee after getting drunk off red sake. Later, Ginko becomes angry with Lena's habit of sleeping with men when she gets drunk and the two of them start to fight, leading to both girls inadvertently ripping each other's shirts off and knocking down a stack of boxes. While cleaning up after the fight, Maria discovers a wooden door leading to an underground cellar of the run down spa resort. The strippers discover that the former owner had a collection of occult books, a hidden stash of yen bills , and a strange well called the Well of Spirits which has already been sealed off. While rummaging through the ex-owner's former belongings, a medieval Book of the Dead is discovered by Maria who was interested in the ex-owner's book collection. Believing she can use the book to perform necromancy, Maria chants several spells from the book, only to discover that it didn't work. Disappointed, Maria and the other girls leave the basement. What they didn't know however, was that Maria had accidentally released the undead from the Well of Spirits and the spell actually worked. While preparing dinner, Ginko and Nene discover that the spell worked and has caused all types of deceased life, including raw fish and sushi, to return back from the dead and terrorize Ikagawa. Meanwhile, Darna sneaks into the cellar where she had discovered the money, but soon discovers that a zombie was hidden underneath the pile of cash and is torn to pieces by zombies. Back in the dressing room, Ginko and Nene inform Lena and Maria about the zombie sushi incident, but are interrupted when they hear of a large audience outside. The audience, however, are revealed to be zombies who have recently killed Yudai. The zombies attack them and Nene is bitten by one of the zombies, but still manages to escape with Maria, Ginko and Lena. The zombies continue to emerge from the well and begin to slaughter the citizens of Ikagawa and eventually begin to spread all over Japan in a short manner of seconds according to a reporter who is devoured by several zombies. Although sharing the basic characteristics of infectious zombies, the zombies still retain their intelligence and intellect they had prior to being zombified. While cornered in the dressing room, Maria betrays Lena, Nene, and Ginko and escapes. Despite the betrayal, the three of them escape in the Ikagawa Paradise Theatre van, eventually driving to the spa resort where they had previously performed after the van was ruined when running over an elderly human. Ginko then reveals that she recognized a one eyed zombie amongst the crowd. She reveals that the zombie was a mentally disturbed murderer who killed Ginko's younger sister, but couldn't be touched legally due to being insane. This led a vengeful Ginko to kill the man by impaling him on an umbrella. Meanwhile, Maria returns to the abandoned spa's basement where she discovers the mutilated remains of Darna. The zombies attempt to kill Maria, who bribes them with flashing and candy. However, these attempts fail miserably. As a last resort, Maria chants a spell from the Book of the Dead and is successful at controlling them.