Dylan, approximately 11 years old, sits on a couch absorbed in a handheld video game and attempting to ignore his father's shouts from the kitchen where he is railing at a non-working toaster. It is soon revealed that rage is his father's natural state; roughly kicked out of the house to "go play", Dylan talks to his next door neighbor, Kylie, of approximately the same age, about what a "prick" his father is, and the wise decision of his brother to run away two years prior, to which Kylie observes that at least Shane's father is not in jail like most fathers in the neighborhood, implying that her father is incarcerated. She tells him about the "Sack Man", who she's heard kills kids, but Shane says that it is just a story, like "Santa and God", used by adults to control kids. Kylie is sent to "walk" her infant sibling in a stroller. When she returns, she sees a motorcycle parked in the driveway of her house and her reaction, her hesitation to go into her house, tells us whoever has arrived makes her apprehensive. Inside she is cajoled by her mother to give her uncle a kiss. Her revulsion is evident. When he is leaving and comes to Kylie's bedroom to say goodbye, Kylie hides under her bed, where she has a stash of cash hidden away in a shoe. The view returns to Dylan's house, where his father is screaming at Dylan's mother. When he punches her in the face, Dylan gets involved, throwing his handheld videogame into his father's face which leaves a shard of plastic embedded in his father's forehead. Dylan is chased by his father into an upstairs bathroom. With the door being busted in, Kylie comes to the rescue, maneuvering a ladder near the window from Dylan's yard which allows him to just escape his father's clutches. The pair run from the scene. They are next seen by a narrow river, where a dredger is passing; they climb aboard over the protests of the captain, a friendly sort, who gives them a ride to the end of the line, near Dublin and tells them about Bob Dylan — Dylan's namesake. Kylie and Shane seize on the idea that they will attempt to find Dylan's brother, but all they know of his last whereabouts is that he was living in a squat on Gardiner Street. Reaching there, they start knocking on random doors and asking passersby if they know him. Ultimately following a lead to a Gardiner Street flat, a woman there informs them that he was kicked out for fighting six months earlier. Convinced they will not find his brother, Dylan argues that they have little choice but to go home; Kylie vehemently opposes this and runs off. The two are reunited later when Dylan observes Kylie run into an alley, pursued by a security guard from which she stole food. He joins her in hiding, and they narrowly avoid detection. She adamantly says that she never wants to go home. Kylie reveals that her uncle sexually assaulted her, forcing her to go along with it and gaining her terrified silence by telling her that no one would believe her. Together they find some boxes to sleep on, but a man drives by and tries to convince Kylie to ride with him. She refuses, and the car drives away, only for the man to return and kidnap her. Dylan gives chase, grabbing hold of the bumper of the car. His Heelys, bought earlier from Kylie's savings, allow him to roll along behind the car despite its speed. He screams for help, and the car soon turns into another alley. As the men in the car try to get rid of him, Kylie breaks free of the car, and they both manage to lose their assailants. Realizing that they have feelings for each other, Kylie and Dylan share a passionate kiss. Laughing, they find boxes to sleep on and spend the night on the street. In the morning, Kylie awakens to find a cold hand beside her, sticking out of the box pile. She reacts with horror, stumbling away and waking Dylan. They remove some boxes to reveal a man, recently dead. The next scene is the two of them in a police car, being returned to their houses. The glamour of living on the streets was obviously lost for them. Their families are waiting outside, concerned. Kylie and Dylan share a moment, staring at each other, and Kylie blows him a kiss before their parents bemusedly yank them away.