Chokkalingam Navilur  is a diwan at Vanjikottai Kingdom. He with his wife, Sivakami  is loyal to their King, where Chokkalingam without any hesitation accused that Senathipathi , the brother of King's second wife, Maharani Ranthamani Devi  over the trial to kill the prince . Over his guilt, the king ordered Senathipathi to be banished but the help by one of his army make him stay in the kingdom without anyone's knowledge. He later set up a fire in the city and stab the king with his sword. The king before dying had uttered to Chokkalingam to save his daughter Padma ([[Padmini  and the infant prince and died afterward. In order to fulfill the king's desire. He sailed on a boat with the king's children leaving his family. Soon his wife also did the same with her children but only to be caught by the Senathipathi's army. Leaving her children on the moving boat, she spent her whole life at an island prison. After, 10 years, the grown up Sunder  plan to arrange his sister's wedding, but it was interrupted by Senathipathi by kidnapping Gowri  in Sunder's absence. While returning home for the preparation for the engagement, Sunder spots Gowri with Senathipathi in his vehicle, in order to escape from Senathipathi, Gowri jumps out of the vehicle and dies soon. Sunder who seeks justice from Senathipathi, he planned to kill him but only to be precluded by his army. After he is found guilty over his action, Sunder later banished to a jail island where he should be serving a sentence of life punishment. There, he gets the chance to meet his mother who is also spending her whole life for her deed. She explains to him about persecution that did by Senathipathi to his family and the Vanjikottai kingdom. They both soon planned to escape from the prison, her mother soon died while Sunder escaped by fell into the sea. He soon saved by ship carrying some slave to Ratna Island. There Sunder meet with Princess Mandakini  who at first averse to the attitude of Sunder, who ignores her beauty and did not response towards her assertive and arrogant behavior of Mandakini. Later she falls for him and give him a special treatment, though Sunder also likes her but he requested Mandakini to release him in order to find his father and solve the conspiracy in his kingdom. She agrees with all the requests on the condition that he would return within one month. Provided with jewelry, clothes and bot, she sent Sunder to his kingdom. Meanwhile, Chokkalingam who is living in one of the hinterland village with Padma and planning a reformation along with Murugan who serve as his spy at Vanjikottai. After the awareness of the reforms were disseminated to the masses themselves In Vanjikottai, Chokkalingam return to Vanjikkottai to take down Senathipathi's government. He was later joint by Sunder, Padma, Murugan, Rangamma, Velan and his wife. Sunder has acted as a jeweler in and had deceived Maharani Ranthamani Devi and Senathipathi by gain their trust on him. He later invite them to his palace to watch a dance by Padma. He also planned to release Chokkalingam, Murugan and his wife Rangamma who were arrested by Senathipathi during their reformation. After one month, Mandakini had came to Vanjikottai to search for Sunder. She set up her camp at the border of Vanjikottai and sent her spy to locate Sunder's place. While spotting Sunder and Bathma together, her spy mistaken that Sunder is in love with Bathma. Mandakini who heard the news approached Sunder. Unable to explain his situation, Sunder ask Mandakini to watch the show along with Maharani Ranthamani Devi and Senathipathi, eavesdrop their conversation Bathma realize Sunder's love towards Mandakini and changed her mind by forgetting her love. In the court, while watching the dance performed by Bathma, Mandakini was averse by the meaning of Bathma's song which indirectly tells her feeling towards Sunder. Soon, Mandakini changed her costume and give a dance battle for Bathma. Watching Bathma who almost faint during the rotation, Sunder cut the chandelier's rope making the chandelier to breakdown, thus ending the dance competition. Then he ordered Velan to dragged Mandakini out and tie her into a room. After Senathipathi had become intoxicated after drinking some solution, Sunder used this situation and has been masquerading as Senathipathi and rescued Murugan and Rangamma from the prison. He also get to know that Chokkalingam was brought to the island prison to undergo the death penalty. Meanwhile, Mandakini who had escaped from Velan joined Senathipathi and secrete the secret about the place where Chokkalingam, Sunder, Bathma and others were hiding. For her deed, she asked him to send Sunder to her in order to live with him. Senathipathi arrest all of them including Sunder. Mandakini who has realized Senathipathi's trick over her, she gathered her kingdom's army to save Sunder and others. Murugan and the people of Vanjikottai headed to Senathipathi's palace to bring down his government. Knowing this, Senathipathi leave the palace for the immediate execution of Sunder's and others death penalty. Murugan get to know the place where the execution occur, he brings his people to kill Senathipathi. Mandakini who also arrive there with her army jointt the battle to bring down Senathipathi. During the battle, Senathipathi throws his sword over Sunder but hits Mandakini when she tries to protect him. The battle was ended with the murder of Senathipathi and Mandakini breathed her last breath while uniting Bathma with Sunder.