Captain Zhao Wu Yi is the leader of the Brocade Guards, the governments secret police. The sergeant of the force is Zhao's elder son, Zhao Bu Fa. Zhao also has a younger son in the force, Zhao Bu Qun, whom he executes after he questioned him whether or not he would kill his father if he committed a crime, which he answered "No". The force works under a childish, womanizing Emperor who is irresponsible to his duties. The blood thirsty Eunuch Wang Zhen usually bribes the Emperor with woman and the Emperor gives his powers to the eunuch. Zhao Bu Fa has never been fond of the eunch. Eunuch Wang then orders The Brocade Guards to kill two righteous guards Yu Hua Long and Li Yi. Zhao refuses to kill them and resigned from the force. The furious eunuch then orders Zhao Wu Yi to kill his son and he sends his men to kill him also his trope is no match for Zhao so Zhao survives every time. Zhao then goes into hiding with his wife Xue Liang and son Ding Dong in his ancestral village where his whole clan are where his uncle Zhao Wu Ji is the leader. Things work out fine, until a message was sent to the village ordering the clan to Kill Zhao Bu Fa or they will be executed. The decide to kill Zhao, where later Zhao and his uncle engages in a duel where he kills his own uncle. Zhao's sister Wu Xiao Nan, who did not want to kill Zhao later gives Zhao a poisoned cup of tea and they later engage in a fight where Zhao kills Wu, and he and his family escape. They later meet up with Zhao's brother, who revealed that his execution was fake, it was just to show the Brocade Guards what will happen to them if they disobey an order. Bu Qun then treats his brother's poison and later he disguise as his brother and end up sacrificing himself for his brother and family to live a peaceful life. Xue Liang later repays his kindness by killing herself. The Jinyi troupe brings Bu Qun's head to show show Wu Yi, who is saddened and says that he actually does not want his son to die. Eunuch Wang later tries to completely take over the Emperor's throne. Later Zhao Bu Fa calls for a duel with Wang. They later engage in the duel in the mountains where in the process Zhao chops off Wang's left arm and later killing him by chopping him in half. After the duel, Zhao informs his father that he has killed Eunuch Wang.