Emma Morley  and Dexter Mayhew  meet after graduation on 15 July 1988. They spend the night together but agree to be friends. Then one year later, Emma is working as a waitress in a Mexican restaurant in London and Dexter is travelling the world, drinking and promiscuously going through several girlfriends. Eventually Dexter becomes a wealthy and highly successful television presenter on a raucous late-night show. Although meeting once in a while throughout the years, Emma meets Ian , a comedian whom she doesn't find funny. The two start dating anyway and she becomes a school teacher. Dexter's once-glamorous mother , now diagnosed with cancer, is unimpressed with the nature of his TV show. His father  is also disappointed with him and bans him from the family house. Emma is growing steadily more irritated with Ian, so she and Dexter organize a meeting over dinner. Dexter gets drunk, insults Emma, flirts with a blonde down the hall and generally ignores her most of the time. After making a public scene Emma storms off, suggesting that they break off their friendship entirely. A few years later, Emma's former roommate gets married and both she and Dexter are invited to the wedding. There she discovers that Dexter now has a new fiancee, Sylvie , and is on the way to becoming a father. She tries to hide the fact that she is upset and they share a very brief kiss. Dexter learns that Sylvie is actually having an affair with an old friend of his. They divorce. Emma and Ian split up and she becomes a published author. Emma moves to Paris, where Dexter visits in the hopes that they will get together again. By this time, despite their one-night-stand, Emma now has a new boyfriend , who plays piano in a jazz band. Smitten and taken aback by this knowledge, Dexter begins to leave. But Emma, having second thoughts, chases after him and catches up, resulting in their sharing a passionate kiss. Over the next few years, they become engaged and marry, Dexter runs his own cafe which proves to be very lucrative, and they start trying to have their own baby. They're unsuccessful. While riding her bike out of a blind alley, Emma is hit by a truck and dies. In 2011, Dexter visits the hill where he first went with Emma in 1988 again; this time with his daughter, Jasmine. He reminisces about the day when he and Emma first met.