Nick  is a slacking, marijuana fueled pizza delivery driver who has trouble completing the "30 Minutes or Less" policy that his employer issues, leading to a reprimand from his boss Chris . Nick's friend Chet , a school teacher, discovers that Nick has slept with, and still has feelings for, Chet's twin sister Kate . It is also revealed that Chet was the reason Nick's parents divorced, because he told Nick's father that his wife had been cheating on him with a lifeguard. After a heated argument, the two end their friendship. Meanwhile, two delinquents named Dwayne King  and Travis Cord  are miserable living under the shadow of Dwayne's domineering father the Major . Dwayne confides in stripper Juicy  about his contempt for his dad, who is squandering the money that he won playing the lottery. Juicy says she can hire a hitman to kill Dwayne's dad for $100,000 so Dwayne can collect the inheritance. Dwayne plots that they kidnap a complete stranger and force him to rob a bank for the hit money by strapping a bomb to his chest. After seeing an advertisement for the pizzeria that Nick works at, they order a pizza and wait for the driver to come to their hideout. When Nick arrives, Dwayne and Travis  assault him and knock him unconscious. When Nick wakes up, he finds a vest rigged with explosives strapped and buckled onto his torso. Dwayne and Travis tell him his situation: if he does not rob a bank in 10 hours, they will detonate the bomb, demonstrating the bomb on a stuffed Teddy bear. Dwayne states that if he dares to go to the police, they will detonate the bomb as they will be monitoring him and they end up sending Nick on his way. In his panic, Nick goes to a school where Chet is working and desperately pleads with him to help. After plans to deactivate or remove the bomb are dashed, Chet says he has no choice but to rob the bank. Still uneasy, Nick asks Chet to assist him. Chet reluctantly agrees. After purchasing airsoft guns, spray paint, 5-Hour Energy, and ski masks for the robbery, Nick suggests stealing Chet's family friend's Datsun 280ZX so that the police will be unable to track the license plate number of Nick's Mustang. Nick then stops by his workplace to tell off his boss and to go see Kate and say some final words to her. Nick and Chet later arrive at the bank, hold it up, and obtain the money upon forcing a bank employee named Sandra  to empty the vault. Though one bag of money was rigged with dye, Chet forces Sandra to get the ones that are not rigged with dye. However, the bank manager had pulled the alarm, forcing Nick and Chet to flee as Dwayne and Travis watch. After a car chase that ends up with Nick and Chet crashing the 280ZX, the two successfully evade capture by sneaking onto a bus. Nick calls Dwayne and tells him he has the money. Dwayne says he and Travis will meet him at an abandoned rail-yard to make the exchange. Dwayne and Travis go to a restaurant instead. When Dwayne asks Travis to possibly be the one to detonate the bomb if the time comes, Travis starts to become unsettled. After getting his Mustang, Nick waits for Dwayne and Travis at the railyard while Chet hides somewhere to avoid a confrontation about his involvement in the scheme. Instead of Dwayne or Travis however, Juicy and the hitman Chongo  are the ones who arrive to pick up the money. Nick hands Chongo the money and expects Chongo to give him the code which will deactivate the bomb. Chongo claims he does not know what the code is. When Nick keeps asking him for the code, Chongo gets aggravated and holds Nick at gunpoint. Chet runs in and beats Chongo while Nick incapacitates Juicy. The two grab the money and escape. Dwayne ends up getting two phone calls: one from Chongo calling to let Dwayne know that because of Chet's ambush, he will be coming after Dwayne also. The second is from Nick who berates Dwayne for not giving Chongo the code to the bomb and dares him to detonate the bomb with the money at his side. Overly frustrated by these turn of events, Dwayne activates the speed dial number on his phone for the bomb to explode, but finds that Travis altered the numbers while Dwayne was not looking because he was getting nervous about Dwayne's gradually violent attitude. The two head back to Kate's apartment in their masks and kidnap her from the girls' bathroom. Dwayne calls Nick to let him know that he has Kate and if he does not meet at the scrapyard to give him the money, he will kill her. Meanwhile, Chongo breaks into the Major's house to find information regarding Dwayne's location and finds a hand-drawn map to the scrapyard. While there, the Major attacks him with a pen gun and is shot in the stomach after a struggle. Nick arrives at the scrapyard and exchanges the money for Kate. Dwayne gives Nick the code  to deactivate and unbuckle the bomb with minutes to spare. Dwayne then tells Nick to walk away, but Nick deduces that as soon as Nick and Kate turn around, they will just kill them both. Dwayne confirms this by pointing a gun at them while Travis comes out wielding a flamethrower. Nick says he hired a sniper in case this were to happen. This is proved to be fake as it is only Chet who is using a laser pointer, but it is enough to fool Dwayne and Travis into lowering their weapons. Chongo arrives shortly after and knocks Nick out cold, then spots Dwayne and Travis. Despite handing him the money, Chongo holds the two at gun point. Pressured, Travis responds by torching Chongo with the flamethrower. Although burnt to death, Chongo manages to shoot Dwayne in the shoulder and shoot the fuel tank for the flamethrower causing it to explode on Travis's back. Nick quickly wakes up, grabs the money and drives away with Chet and Kate. Still alive, Dwayne spots them running off, but first reconciles with Travis upon putting out the flames on him before heading off. Dwayne catches up to the others with his van, but he hears a beeping sound in the back and the van explodes. Nick reveals that as he grabbed the money, he reactivated the bomb and threw it in the back of the van. Now free with the money in their possession, the three drive off discussing what to do with their newly acquired windfall, but discover that one set has been rigged with dye that sprays Chet in the face. In the post-credits, Dwayne , the Major , Travis, and Juicy are seen in a commercial for Dwayne and Travis' tanning salon business called Major Tan, the cover-up for the prostitution ring Dwayne had been planning.  In the alternate ending, Nick, Chet, and Kate drive off with the money and discuss what they will do with their new found riches. Meanwhile, just miles behind them, Dwayne is revealed to have survived the explosion that occurred moments earlier. Annoyed with his plan's failure, he goes to his father's mansion to see if Chongo killed him. Dwayne finds his dad on the ground suffering from his gunshot wound and tells about his plans for the tanning salon/brothel. His father is excited and tells his son that he is proud of him. The scene changes to a Four Seasons in Atlanta where Kate is managing the special events program. She joins up with Nick and Chet, who are chilling out by the pool enjoying their new lives.