In Venice at the beginning of the 17th century, the Three Musketeers, Athos , Porthos ([[Ray Stevenson , and Aramis ([[Luke Evans , with the help of Athos' longtime lover, Milady de Winter , steal airship blueprints made by Leonardo da Vinci. However, they are betrayed by Milady, who gives the blueprints to the Duke of Buckingham . Upon returning to France, the Musketeers are forced to disband by Cardinal Richelieu  for their failure, and they end up on the streets of Paris. One year later, a young man named D'Artagnan  leaves his village in Gascony for Paris in hopes of becoming a Musketeer as his father was, only to learn that they no longer exist. At a rural bar, D'Artagnan accuses Captain Rochefort , the leader of Richelieu's guard, of offending his horse, and challenges him to a duel. Rochefort shoots him while he is distracted but he is saved by Milady de Winter. Arriving in Paris, D'Artagnan by coincidence separately encounters Athos, Porthos and Aramis accidentally offending all three scheduling duels with each at 12:00, 1:00 and 2:00&nbsp;pm respectively. Athos brings Porthos and Aramis to the duel as his seconds. D'Artagnan realises they are the Musketeers he is seeking. He is prepared to continue with the duel but Richelieu's guards break it up. The three are inspired by D'Artagnan and fight together and defeat the soldiers, but later are summoned before the young King Louis XIII ([[Freddie Fox  and his wife, Queen Anne . Richelieu asks the king to execute the four, but the queen is impressed by their bravery and the king congratulates them and invites them to an event, which to Athos' anger, turns out to be Buckingham's arrival  Later, Richelieu orders Milady, who is actually working for him, to plant false love letters among Queen Anne's possessions, steal Queen Anne's diamond necklace, and take it to the Tower of London to frame Queen Anne as having an affair with the Duke of Buckingham. The affair would force King Louis to execute Queen Anne and declare war on England. At this point, the people would demand a more experienced leader: Richelieu himself. But Milady demands that Richelieu declare in writing that she is working on behalf of France, to protect herself in case of palace intrigue. The false letters  are found by a maid and are given to King Louis and he is advised by Richelieu to set up a ball at which Queen Anne would be forced to wear the necklace. If she doesn't, then her affair is real, and there will be war against England. Queen Anne's lady-in-waiting Constance Bonacieux  discovers Richelieu's plan and asks the Musketeers to stop him. At the dock, Constance takes D'Artagnan's hat, cape and horse to create a diversion of the guards standing in front of the boat. At Calais, they find guards and Constance pretends to be d'Artagnan and distracts the guards while the musketeers get on a boat. In London, Milady warns Buckingham that the Musketeers have arrived to take revenge on him. Milady instructs Buckingham of all their tendencies in battle, but Athos predicts this and the Musketeers resolve to do just the opposite. Milady later escapes in a coach, taking the necklace with her. Buckingham captures D'Artagnan, but he was a decoy to let the Musketeers steal the airship. The Musketeers rescue D'Artagnan, demolishing the top floor of the Tower in the process. Meanwhile, the coach stops in a clearing in the woods and the driver is revealed to be Planchet, the Musketeer's servant and occasional helper. The musketeers pick up the coach and capture Milady. She gives up Richelieu's authorisation to try to save her life. When Athos intends to kill her anyway, she jumps out of the airship into the English Channel to spare him from having to pull the trigger. The Musketeers return to Paris with the necklace, but in the air near the city they are attacked by Rochefort in another airship, as Milady had given Richelieu copies of da Vinci's blueprints. D'Artagnan agrees to exchange the necklace for Constance, with whom he is infatuated, but Rochefort knocks him out and captures him as soon as the necklace is in his possession. Rochefort then proceeds to attack the Musketeers' ship, at first gaining the upper hand due to the superior weaponry and armor of his airship. However, the Musketeers lure Rochefort into a storm cloud, burst the balloon of airship and make the ship crash into the Notre Dame Cathedral. On the roof, D'Artagnan duels and stabs Rochefort, who falls to his death. Meanwhile, Constance returns the necklace to Queen Anne. The Musketeers arrive at the ball in Buckingham's now burning airship. However, for the sake of King Louis and his people, they claim that Richelieu had it built for the king, but an attempt was made by Rochefort to sabotage it, also showing King Louis the authorisation Richelieu had given Milady, pretending that it was given to them. Richelieu, impressed by how the Musketeers handled the situation, offers them places in his employ, but they refuse. At sea, Milady  is rescued by Buckingham, who reveals that he knows that she was working for Richelieu and says that he is going to fight against France. The camera backs away and shows Buckingham advancing towards France's shore with a massive fleet of battleships and airships.