Beck  is a "retrieval expert", a bounty hunter, and after capturing a man in a club brawl wishes to get out of the business. He tells his boss, Walker  that he wants out, and his boss gives him one last job, head down to South America and get his son Travis . When Beck arrives in the town El Dorado  he meets Travis in the local bar. Travis doesn't want to go home, as he is close to discovering the "El Gato de Diablo" . Beck doesn't care, handcuffs him and begins to leave. They run into Hatcher  while leaving. Hatcher rules the town with an iron fist, forcing all the townsfolk to work for him for pennies as there is no other work in the area. Hatcher wants the Gato, as it could be worth a lot of money, and tries to take Travis. Beck easily defeats Hatcher's goons and begins to head back to the airfield. Travis forces the jeep off the road and the two are thrown down a mountain. Travis attempts to escape while Beck is disoriented, but he easily catches him and the two begin walking to the airfield. After an encounter with some local animals, the two run into the local resistance. At the resistance encampment, Travis convinces the Rebels that Beck works for Hatcher and was sent to kill them all. After a prolonged fight, with Beck eventually gaining the upper hand, the rebel leader Mariana  ends the fight. She wants Travis, as the Gato can be used to ensure the locals can free themselves from Hatcher. Hatcher suddenly attacks the camp, killing many rebels. Beck agrees the help Travis and Mariana find the Gato, in exchange for taking Travis home. After some searching, Travis leads them to a cave behind a waterfall. The cave is booby trapped and this causes a cave in. The group move quickly and Travis grabs the Gato as they all flee the collapsing cave. As the three are celebrating finding the Gato, Mariana chastises Travis as she knows all he wanted to do was sell the artifact, Travis argues back that he actually did want to give it to a museum. Mariana gives the two men Konlobos, a toxic fruit that paralyzes the eater. As she tells Beck which direction the airfield is, she leaves them with the fire to keep the animals away. After waking up able to move, Beck hauls Travis to the airfield. The local pilot tells Beck that Mariana was captured earlier by Hatcher, and will probably be killed. Travis pleads Beck to help, and the two head into town to rescue her. Using a cow stampede for cover, the two begin their assault on Hatcher's goons. Travis becomes trapped by gunfire in a bus, leading to Beck resorting to firearms, something he had previously said he is against, revealing he is a expert marksmen and easily dispatches many of Hatchers men. Hatcher tells his main guard to take Mariana and the Gato and flee, but they are stopped by Travis, who takes the Gato and leaves. Hatcher confronts Beck, but Beck grabs a gun and shoots Hatcher's from his hand. Hatcher is then confronted by the townspeople, and is shot and killed as he tries to leave. Travis reveals he didn't leave, gives the Gato to Mariana and the two of them leave as the villagers celebrate. Back in the U.S., Travis is delivered to his dad, who begins to verbally and physically abuse him. Beck comes in and asks to celebrate and gives Walker and his men Konlobos. As they are paralyzed, Beck and Travis leave, with Travis beginning to immediately annoy Beck.