The film follows a band of young recruits from a farewell ceremony with friends and family back home. They train in Uzbekistan's Fergana Valley where they are preparing for war in Afghanistan. Teaching them, is very demanding commander Ensign Dygalo - a veteran of Afghanistan war, who lost all of his friends in battle. During the service recruits became true friends and real soldiers, they befriend a local woman who is more than happy to support the morale of the soldiers. On their arrival at Baghram air base they greet soldiers returning home. One of them from Kraasnoyarsk gives Lyutyy the talisman. But in escaping from the base of the plane with the veterans gets hit by a Stinger, the plane makes an unsuccessful landing and explodes. All veterans were killed. Main heroes befriend with new Co-workers, who were Dygalo's friends. The story ends at a bloody battle on a mountain top in Afghanistan against the mujahideen. Only Lyutyy survives. The film is loosely based on a real-life battle that took place at Hill 3234 in early 1988, during the last large-scale Soviet military operation Magistral. Numerous Soviet armored vehicles and aircraft appear in the film which are rarely seen or depicted in Western films. In the film, only one soldier from the company survives unscathed and the company is said to have been "forgotten" by the military command because of the Soviet withdrawal. In reality, the 9th Company, 345th Independent Guards Airborne Regiment was pinned down under heavy fire on Hill 3234 from 7-8 January 1988. They managed to stop 3 attacks by an estimated 200-250 mujahideen. The company lost a total of 6 men. Another 28 out of the total 39 were seriously wounded. Four of the killed soldiers were posthumously awarded the golden star of the Hero of the Soviet Union. The unit was in constant communication with headquarters and got everything the regimental commander, Colonel Valery Vostrotin, could provide in terms of rations, ammunition, reinforcements, and helicopter evacuation of the wounded.Schofield, The Russian Elite, Greenhill, 1993, pp. 120-125