 In 1911, just two days before the Fourth of July, Lady and Tramp have three polite daughters and a son named Scamp who misbehaves. After chewing Jim Dear's favorite hat and causing a mess while chasing after a ball in the house, Scamp is placed outside and chained to a dog house. His parents, Tramp the mutt and Lady the American Cocker Spaniel, are distraught that their son cannot settle down and live in a home. Tramp goes to talk to his son and finds Scamp howling at the moon. The two have a conversation but Scamp stays firm about his desire to be a "wild dog" and Tramp leaves annoyed. While chained up outside, Scamp sees a pack of stray dogs harassing a dogcatcher and becomes intrigued. Scamp manages to break free from the chain and runs off to find the pack. He finds a young member of the pack, Angel, and the two go to the junkyard with the pack of dogs, named the Junkyard Dogs. Scamp attempts to join the Junkyard Dogs right away, but the leader, Buster, gives Scamp a "test" to prove his courage. The test involves stealing a tin can from a large, savage dog named Reggie. Scamp nearly manages to but is instead chased by Reggie. He and Angel manage to evade Reggie and see him caught by the dogcatcher. Buster appears to be impressed. The Junkyard Dogs head to a park where Sparky, one of the Junkyard Dogs, tells a colorful yet highly exaggerated story about Tramp and how he disappeared , a stray dog that the Junkyard Dogs once looked up to. Buster angrily snaps that he did not die heroically; he ran off with Lady to become a house pet. Scamp cannot believe that his father used to be a Junkyard Dog. After Scamp and Angel narrowly escape from a train and fall into a river, the two dogs realize that their friendship has blossomed into love. After a romantic stroll they wind up on the street where Scamp lives where they encounter Scamp's family searching for him. When Scamp evades them, Angel is annoyed that he would choose living on the streets over a loving family, as she herself had once been a pet. At an Independence Day picnic, Buster clues in that Scamp is Tramp's son, so he tells Scamp to steal a chicken from Scamp's family's picnic. Scamp, determined to prove that he is a Junkyard Dog, steals the chicken but is chased by Tramp. Tramp confronts his son in an alley and asks him to come home, but Scamp chooses to stay with Buster. Buster is pleased to see Tramp upset. Buster officially declares Scamp a Junkyard Dog by removing Scamp's collar. While celebrating becoming a Junkyard Dog, Angel scolds Scamp for what he said to Tramp and reminds him that his family loves him. After Buster asks Scamp that he wants to be a house dog, an annoyed Scamp snaps and accidentally says that Angel wants to be a house dog. Buster kicks Angel out of the Junkyard Dogs and she leaves, upset with Scamp. Buster, still wishing revenge on Tramp, sets up a trap so that Scamp, lacking a collar, gets caught by the dog catcher. Alone, cold, and scared in the back of the dog catcher's truck, Scamp suddenly realizes what Tramp was trying to tell him. Feeling remourse and guilt for what he's done, he wishes he were home with his family. Angel sees him in the back of the van and goes to tell his family. Meanwhile, Scamp is placed in a cage with Reggie. Tramp, arriving just in time, manages to fight off Reggie and rescue his son. Before they head home, Scamp apologizes to his father for running away and Tramp apologizes for being too harsh with him. They head to the junkyard, where Scamp retrieves his collar. Scamp then traps Buster under piles of junk, but the gang members do not help and instead abandon him, so they can go to find families. The dogs return home, and there is a happy reunion. The family decides to adopt Angel, who is delighted. Scamp and Angel get baths as the film ends. A last view over the city shows that the junkyard dogs have found owners as well.