In the beginning of the film, Johnny Hitchcock  is driving back to his fictional home town of Grayson East in England having just been visiting his ill cousin in Liverpool. However, he is forced to stop by the local gang led by Johnny's rival Denver Devlin  and consisting of his girlfriend Chrissie , his apparent 'second-in-command' Duggie Eagleton  and their men: Wheelie ([[Vernon Wells ; and Butch  along with a handful of others. Denver and Duggie bare shotguns while the others bare baseball bats. They force Johnny out of the car and accuse him of sexually harassing Chrissie. Later, Johnny returns home to his father Mickey ([[Mike Reid  and Sal  all battered and bruised. When Mickey and Sal question Johnny about how he received the bruised, he stated he was messing around at the local river with his friends when he fell. Just then Johnny's best friend Ron Martini ([[John Altman  arrives and the two go out down the street. Rone eventually asks Johnny about how he got the bruises and Johnny attempts to tell Ron the same story as he told Mickey and Sal, but Ron knows that Johnny got them from Denver. The two call on Ron's cousin Joey Davies , by throwing stones at his bedroom window. It turns out Joey is having wild sex and taking drugs with his girlfriend Delilah. Eventually Joey and Delilah join Johnny and Ron and they go and call on Johnny's girlfriend Georgina Granger . However, Georgina rejects Johnny stating she knew about Johnny having sex with a shop clerk all along. So Johnny, Ron, Joey and Delilah go to the local pub and Joey meets a prostitute and they disappear behind the bar. Delilah goes looking for him and finds him having sex with the prostitute and abandons him. Meanwhile, Johnny goes back to Georgina's house and begins pleading for forgiveness. Eventually Georgina allows Johnny in and they sleep together. The next day, while Johnny is leaving Georgina's house he is attacked by Denver and his men and this is witnessed by Georgina. However, Johnny is saved by Ron, Joey and Goergina's father Dan . Dan takes Johnny back to Mickey and Sal's and explains what happened. Mickey then swears vengeance on the gang. However, Johnny had just got back together with Georgina when he is seduced by and has sex with Chrissie. He later discovers that Chrissie only did this to make both Georgina and Denver jealous. A few days later, Johnny meets up with Ron and Joey and they decide not to say anything to Georgina about Johnny and Chrissie's one-night-stand. However, Chrissie overhears the conversation and dumps him again, screaming at him the title words 'the timidity of the love rat is massive in your cowardliness.' Johnny, Ron and Joey are then confronted by Denver and his gang once again and they all receive heavy damage. However, Johnny manages to escape with only a black eye and flees down an alley way in fright leaving Ron and Joey to get battered with baseball bats. However, Johnny is confronted by Dan who batters him to the ground in revenge for him cheating on Georgina. Dan is then arrested for assault and Johnny is landed in hospital. Later the same week, Mickey, despite the pleas of Sal, confronts Denver and batters him in the back of a taxi and leaves him. Denver is rushed to hospital but dies of internal bleeding. Mickey is caught and receives a life sentence. He is then locked in the same cell as Dan Granger. Dan confesses to battering Johnny and so Mickey attacks Dan. The last scene of the film sees Mickey guarded by two police officers and accompanied by Ron and Joey who are heavily bruised. Ron and Joey forgive Johnny for abandoning them before leaving. Mickey then shares a heart-to-heart conversation with Johnny before being escorted out of the hospital by his guards.