The film begins shortly after the death of Bambi's mother. After leading his son home to safety, Bambi's father, the Great Prince of the Forest, confides in Friend Owl, feeling that he hasn't any time for parenting and requesting that Owl help him find a doe who may be interested in adopting Bambi. Owl agrees, leaving the Great Prince to raise Bambi for the time being. The following day is Groundhog Day, and Bambi is invited by his anxious group of friends to partake in the annual tradition of watching as the groundhog emerges from his den. Albeit the children are overjoyed upon the positive results of the ritual , a belligerent young buck called Ronno interferes with the celebratory event and gloats about allegedly behaving courageously around hunters, challenging Bambi. However, before long the children's parents arrive to guide them home, interrupting the conflict between the two fawns and leaving a lonesome Bambi feeling mournful over his mother's loss. After dozing off and dreaming about the revival of his mother, he is awakened by a hunter's deer call and is lured to a grassy field, believing that his mother might have recovered and could be calling to him, but is petrified in terror by a pack of snarling hunting dogs. Luckily the Great Prince arrives and wards off the dogs, but he is disappointed in his son for remaining frozen before the animals rather than fleeing to safety. Bambi realizes that his mother will never return and makes it his goal to improve with his bravery in order to impress his father, knowing that he one day will take over the position of Great Prince of the Forest. Thumper and Flower assist Bambi in achieving his goal by teaching him to frighten his fears off. As the three happily romp about together, they soon stumble upon a disgruntled porcupine that catapults itself on top of Bambi for trespassing on its territory  leaving his backside covered with quills and embarrassing him in front of Faline, his romantic interest, and Ronno, who taunts Bambi for his actions in front of the hunting dogs and his supposed cowardice and winds up triggering a fight between the pair. While escaping from Ronno, Bambi leaps across a pair of grassy cliffs, which his father catches sight of and congratulates his young son for his strength. Bambi is encouraged to continue practicing with his strength, and the Great Prince of the Forest starts to spend more quality time with him as a result. However, as the two gradually grow more attached to one another, Friend Owl introduces Bambi and his father to a doe that he has summoned to raise Bambi named Mena, who lives farther away than Bambi's father and playmates and therefore separating the fawn from his friends. However, after Bambi bids his friends farewell and starts to leave with Mena, he runs into Ronno, who starts to poke fun at him. Antagonized by Ronno's mockery, Bambi starts to brawl with his enemy , but Mena's leg is caught in a hunter's trap, attracting the attention of another pack of hunting dogs. Bambi runs off for help and soon encounters his father, who emancipates Mena from the trap, and Bambi takes off for a grassy meadow. Trailed by dogs, Bambi escapes and winds up stumbling upon several accomplices  along the way  and is reunited with his father on a rocky cliff. However, the rocks collapse beneath Bambi's weight, leaving him lying in the grass weakened and nearly unconscious. The Great Prince, overjoyed to be reunited with Bambi, welcomes his son back into his care. Weeks after, Thumper recounts the tale of Bambi's bravery  to the other woodland animals, and Bambi has now sprouted the antler stubs which he had been hoping for throughout the course of the movie. His father leads him to the glen where he first met Bambi's mother, revealing to his son that he behaved in a similar fashion during childhood.