Indra ([[Jeet  and Rajib  are the thickest of friends studying in the same college. When Indra comes to the city to visit Rajib, Indra notices Rajib's sister, Anu , and is attracted to her instantly. When Rajib visits his home village, Indra visits along with him. Anu, who returns from Singapore, is impressed by Indra, who continually impresses her, based on her tastes. He gets along well with Rajib's and Anu's family, in the meanwhile convinces them that he would make a prospective groom for Anu. Anu's family, mainly her brother and cousin, are involved in regional gangs in their village. When Anu takes out Indra to the temple for a visit, without the knowledge of their brother , Anu is then attacked by Rudra's brother Nikhil  gets hold of Anu and threatens to kill Anu. In a swift action of bravery and skill, Indra knocks down Rudra's brother. After this incident, Anu's brother, gives Indra a talk about why things are so violent in the village. He explains how he is a masters degree holder from a prestigious university  and how his wife is also a masters degree holder in integrated mathematics. Unfortunately, due the nature of the villages, the rivalry is deadly and fatal. He ultimately says, even though the villages are violent, he will remain a noble person, with high ideals. After a few days though, in the most ungrateful manner and a show cowardice, the rival gang fights with fierce brutality, and the rival gang leader Rudra  murders Rajib's entire family, except Anu. Indra makes the promise to Anu's brother that he will take up the responsibility of Anu and that he will eventually marry her. In the process, he also becomes a rival of Rudra as he kills his younger brother Nikhil to protect Anu. After the tragedy, Indra and Anu head back to Kolkata city to attend Indra's sister's marriage. The movie shows the jovial aspects of the marriage ceremonies. At the end of the marriage, an uncle of Indra insults Anu and tells her to leave him and bribes her money to leave. Indra turns furious to his uncle and promised that he will marry Anu, whatever may come. Just as Anu and Indra go out to eat, the original rival gang of Rudra returns and Indra, in a fit of deep rage and anger, beats all the rival gang members, chases them down a few miles. Realizing he left Anu behind, he goes back to find she is gone and then instantly becomes deeply dejected and despondent. This is when his father asks him to tell him what happened. The story he tells his father is the story that is written above.The rest of the film deals with how Indra saves Anu and takes revenge from the goons.