Oliver Tate  is a 15 year-old Swansea boy in 1986. He is so infatuated with Jordana , a girl in his year, that he bullies an overweight classmate to impress her. When Jordana invites Oliver to meet secretly after school she brings a Polaroid camera and diary and takes pictures of them kissing - in order to make her ex-boyfriend jealous. The plan backfires, the two are bullied, and Oliver is beaten up for refusing to call Jordana a "massive slut"; but afterwards Jordana takes Oliver's hand, and soon becomes his girl-friend. At home Oliver becomes concerned that the relationship and sex life of his parents are falling apart and that his dad, Lloyd , is depressed. Worse yet, new-age guru Graham , an ex-boyfriend of his mother, Jill , has moved in next door, and his seductive and flirtatious character is rousing Oliver's suspicions. Oliver's relationship with Jordana grows, but he learns that her mother has developed a potentially fatal brain tumour. Oliver considers poisoning Jordana's beloved dog to make the death of her mother less painful, but before he gets the chance Jordana tells him that her dog has been killed by a train. At an early Christmas dinner at Jordana's house he witnesses her father break down. Unsettled, he decides that the Jordana he loves is at risk because the emotional events surrounding her will "make her gooey on the inside". He cuts off contact with her because he thinks it will make her ordeal easier. Thinking that his mother and Graham are having an affair and that his father is depressed, Oliver attempts to repair his parents' relationship. One night he searches for his mother and Graham on the beach, but there sees Jordana with a new boyfriend. Heartbroken he heads home, but on the way, sees his mother with Graham and assumes the worst. Enraged, he breaks into Graham's house, gets drunk, and commits minor acts of vandalism. When Graham comes home he finds Oliver, but returns him home with minimal fuss. The next morning, Oliver awakes to see that both his parents aren't angry with him, and are reconciling, although his mother admits that she gave Graham a handjob. However, Oliver is still distraught about losing Jordana and is unable to obtain an audience with her to explain his actions. Frustrated, he is downhearted for weeks, until he sees her on the beach. Running towards her he explains his actions, and learns that Jordana has broken up with her new boyfriend. Together they walk into the sea smiling. It is hinted that the two resume their relationship.