Chhotu is an intelligent boy of about 12 years of age from Rajasthan. Born into poverty, he is pawned off by his mother to work at a roadside food stall under the somewhat kind owner, Bhati. The mother says repeatedly "Schools is not in our destiny". The movie is about how there is no such destiny and such supposed destinies can be changed by one's own hard work. One day Chhotu watches President Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam on television and it inspires him. Chhotu changes his name to Kalam and decides he wants to become someone who wears a tie and who is respected by others. Chhotu/Kalam is quick to learn how to prepare tea and other things needed for the food stall, and he impresses Bhati with his abilities and creative ideas. For example he delivers the tea by camel, which the European and American tourists love. The other employee, a young man going by the name of Laptan , envies and mistreats the boy, at one time destroying all of his books. Near the food stall there is a heritage hotel in the palace of an erstwhile royal family. Chhotu/Kalam strikes up a friendship with the lonely prince of the royal family, but the prince is forbidden by his father from mixing with commoners.<ref namehttp://articles.timesofindia.indiatimes.com/2011-08-04/news-interviews/29849681_1_film-nila-madhab-panda-harsh-mayar |titleThe Times of India |date20 February 2012}} The two boys secretly meet often. Chhotu/Kalam helps the prince to improve his Hindi and the prince helps Chhotu/Kalam to learn English. At some point Kalam writes a speech for the prince for a contest, because the prince has broken his arm and cannot write. The speech wins first prize at the contest. Soon after palace guards search Kalam's room and find clothes and books, which the prince had given to him as a present secretly. Even though Kalam is accused of being a thief, he does not reveal the source of the items in order to protect the prince from his father. Kalam hitches a ride to New Delhi where he tries to meet the president. Meanwhile, the prince tells his father that he gave the clothes to Kalam and that Kalam wrote the speech which earned first prize. The nominal king realizes his mistake and sends the prince to find Kalam in New Delhi. Kalam is found near the India Gate and is brought back home. The king tells him that he can study in the same school as the prince and employs Kalam's mother as well. Bhati offers to pay the school fees, but Kalam says he will pay for them himself.