"Sweet JP" - rightfully named for his personality, retro style, and refusal to mount weapons on his racecar - nearly wins the "Yellowline" race against a host of semi-pro alien drivers, most of whom use oversized vehicles with jet engines mounted with guns and missiles, but just before the finish line JP's car is sabotaged by an explosive device placed by his friend and mechanic; Frisbee. In the past, Frisbee and JP were sent to prison for fixing races for the mafia, and are doing so again so they can keep racing. While recuperating in the hospital and reminiscing over his loss, JP finds out that he was selected for the "Redline," despite not qualifying in the last race, due to popular demand and because 2 racers withdrew. The Redline race takes place on Roboworld, a militarized planet ruled by cyborgs. The Roboworld government is violently opposed to the race being held on their planet as they have several ongoing secret projects, including a colossal bioweapon called Funky Boy that they wish to be kept top-secret. JP and the other racers are transported to a backwater moon near Roboworld to prepare. There he meets Sonoshee the winner of the Yellowline, who he met before either of them started racing professionally. After meeting several oddball racers, he has to repair and refit his car damaged from the Yellowline. With Frisbee acting as the designer and a friend of theirs, a 4 armed old man procuring parts, they aim to make a high powered racecar that will hold up against the other racers. Various colorful and dynamic characters compete in the Redline race such as "Machinehead" a huge machine man and the reigning champion, "Super Boins" a pair of pop idols from a magical planet, "Gori-rider" a corrupt gorilla-like traffic officer, "Lynchman&Johnnyboya" a pair of bounty hunters, "Miki&Todoroki" a pair of semi-pro racers who get selected alongside JP to race in the Redline, and "Trava&Shinkai" an ace pilot and mechanic duo. Guerilla forces on Roboworld as well as the Bounty Hunter team, sabotage a number of Roboworld's planetary defenses, making the race less than suicidal. JP, Sonoshee, and the other racers speed across the planet under heavy attack from the Roboworld military, which have targeted each of the racers with intent to kill. During the race the guerillas attempt to unleash and control Funky Boy, but are unable to as one of the racers crashed into the containment facility, bringing Funky Boy prematurely out of its slumber. Funky Boy goes on a rampage, destroying many of the Roboworld units and much of the landscape around them. Even their most powerful weapon, the Hyper-disintegrator cannons, unable to stop the beast, one of the Roboworld high ranking generals decides to merge with another Bioweapon to fight against Funky Boy while the race continues on. In Funky Boy's rampage, Sonoshee's car is destroyed, knocking her out in the process. JP however finds her alive and allows her to join him in continuing the race together. Frisbee who was forced to make another deal with the Mafia is almost killed when he refuses to sabotage JP's car again, but is saved by the 4 armed scrounger, who shoots down the mafia and after sits down to watch the rest of the race with Frisbee. The final sprint to the finish shows Machinehead with JP/Sonoshee both fighting for victory. In his haste, Machinehead uses the steamlight; a form of energy that can release an unimaginable amount of power, to give him the edge over the race. Sonoshee quickly reciprocates with her own piece of steamlight, given to her by her father on her seventh birthday. Both racers blaze towards the finishing line with their cars tearing away due to the super-sonic speed. With much of the planet in ruin, the red line, marking the end of the race is broken up, but is quickly remedied as the Redline Mothership warps from space onto the planetary surface to serve as a ramp leading to the finish. JP and Sonoshee are neck to neck with Machinehead but unable to get past him. The explosive placed in JP's car by Frisbee earlier on, is activated by the drunken scrounger who presses the detonator accidentally, the resulting explosion to give what's left of JP's car a boost of speed to pass Machinehead. Machinehead follows by morphing into rocket form to increase his speed. Just before the finish line JP's car completely falls apart, but he, Sonoshee, and Machinehead reach the finish line. JP and Sonoshee touch the finishing line less than a fraction of a second before Machinehead and are declared the victors. Audiences throughout the galaxy celebrate JP's amazing victory. The other racers, exhausted and in awe remark about the incredible feat performed by JP. While suspended in weightless motion, JP pulls Senoshee close and kisses her and the two victors confess their love for each other.