Bittoo Sharma  is street-smart and fun-loving. The movie opens with Bittoo collecting money from others to gatecrash a wedding for tasty food. Intelligent and quirky, Shruti Kakkar , who assists the wedding coordinator, suspects that he is from neither the groom nor bride's side. However, Bittoo is successful in convincing her that he has a right to be there. After watching her dance at the wedding, Bittoo makes a video of her during the dance routine. After finding out her name and college, he tries to give her the DVD to impress her. She accepts it and tells him her dream of opening a wedding-planning company. When Bittoo's father comes to take him back to his village, Bittoo refuses and lies that he and Shruti are going into business together. He goes to Shruti with this idea and she initially refuses, but after seeing his persistence, finally agrees. They name the company "Shaadi Mubarak", and with the work equally split between the two, their enterprise becomes a success. Their first project is low-budget but very successful. The flamboyant duo then go on to plan many more small weddings. Later, they migrate to posh colonies of Delhi and get their first big client. After working night and day, their project becomes highly successful. At the night of the event, they dance to celebrate, and Shruti gets drunk. She falls for Bitto, and the two make love that night. The following morning, Bittoo realizes the mistake he has made, as he is not in love with Shruti, but does not want to hurt her feelings. While he acts strangely toward her, Shruti is extremely nice to him, which is unlike her, as she is usually sarcastic and snappy towards him. In an argument, Bittoo throws her own words back at her, that business and pleasure don't mix, and he does not love her. This creates a tense atmosphere between the two, and Bittoo leaves to create his own wedding-planning enterprise. Both of them attempt to prove themselves in the industry and provoke people to go against the other. However, both enterprises end up suffering huge losses. They finally get a contract in which they are asked to work together as a team. Both of them unwillingly take it up for the sake of recovering their own losses. After they start working for the wedding, Bittoo finds out that Shruti is engaged to a businessman in Dubai. Bittoo pesters Shruti, asking her whether her engagement was an attempt to make him jealous. Shruti answers that she is not doing it for revenge, but for her own security and her parents' satisfaction to see her well-settled in life. She acknowledges that she did fall in love with Bittoo, but since he didn't feel the same, she had moved on. At the sudden thought of losing her forever, Bittoo realizes that he was always been in love with Shruti, but simply didn't know it. Finally, Bittoo and Shruti both acknowledge their love for each other with a passionate kiss. The film ends with both of them dancing at their own wedding, with their friends and family surrounding them.