The four-minute film consists of a series of short scenes in which groups of people are asked if they are interested in participating in the 10:10 project to reduce carbon emissions. Those failing to show enthusiasm for the cause are gruesomely blown to pieces. In the first scene, a bright and chirpy schoolteacher tells her class about the 10:10 campaign, and asks what they are doing to reduce their carbon footprint. She asks which students are planning to participate; most raise their hands, but two children do not. The teacher reassures them that this is "fine, it's absolutely fine, it's your choice"<ref name http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-11458726| title2 October 2010|accessdateBBC}} and there is "no pressure", but then shifts the papers on her desk to reveal a red-buttoned detonator, which she presses. The two children who did not want to participate explode, covering their screaming classmates with blood and body parts. The blood-spattered teacher then goes on casually to explain the night's homework to her horrified charges. The second scene shows a group of white-collar workers in an office meeting. The office manager similarly explains the purpose of the 10:10 campaign, and asks who will be participating. Again, most raise their hands, but four do not. The manager reassures them that there is "no pressure" to participate, but he is then handed a detonator by an assistant, which he uses to blow up the four workers, splattering appalled co-workers with gore. The third scene is set on a football pitch during team training. The coach, played by David Ginola,<ref name  http://voices.washingtonpost.com/post-carbon/2010/10/reduce_your_carbon_footprint_o.html | title  David | last The Washington Post | date  8/10/2010 }} asks the players to explain the 10:10 campaign that the team is participating in. They describe a range of energy-saving measures which have been implemented by the team and its fans. However, the coach is uninterested, remarking that he would rather just concentrate on football. A player tells him that there's "no pressure", produces a detonator and blows him up. Unlike the witnesses depicted in previous scenes, the team is not at all surprised, and casually jogs away to resume training. A brief interlude with captions explains the campaign, accompanied by music from Radiohead. In the final scene, the actress Gillian Anderson is finishing the voice-over for the interlude just seen. The sound engineer asks her what she is planning to do to cut her carbon footprint. Anderson explains that she thought providing the recording was a sufficient contribution. The sound engineer repeats the film's catchphrase, "no pressure", and detonates Anderson. The film ends with a shot of blood and gore sliding down the sound-booth window with the text "Cut your carbon by 10%. No pressure."