360 centers on the stories of a group of people from different social backgrounds through their intertwining relationships.  Anna  accompanies her sister, Mirka  in being taken nude shots by Rocco . Rocco then convinces Mirka to change her name into more professional, to which she chooses Blanca. Anna looks on hesitant of what Mirka is doing but just goes along with it. They go back home riding a bus to Bratislava where Anna comments on how Mirka should work more on her English. Rocco calls Mirka and tells her she will meet a client named Michael Daly  in Vienna the next day. She then heads to Vienna, with the company of Anna and enters the restaurant. Michael, a married man, keeps the affair not long enough before one of his friends learn about it.  An Algerian man  spies on a woman wearing a red beret since leaving her home and on her way to the airport. It is clear that he has feelings for the mysterious woman but can't somehow express how he feels. The next scene shows him talking to a counselor about how he feels about the woman and still pursues on her despite knowing the fact that she is already married. He then goes to his mosque and asks for advice on what to do about his life.  Rose  strolls around the streets, unaware of being taken pictures by a seemingly distraught woman. It turns out that she is headed to a hotel and meets up with a man named Rui  she is having an affair with. Although she tells him to end their affair, Rose is still affected by his charm and they soon end up having sex. After the encounter, they part ways where Rui goes back home to his girlfriend but he is soon rocked when he finds out she had left him. He then opens the computer and watches her video, where it turns out that the woman who took pictures of Rose earlier is his girlfriend named Laura . Meanwhile, at Rose's house, we learn that she is married to Michael Daly, who was also having an affair while being in a business trip back in Vienna. Both of them then head out to their daughter's school play that night and tend to her after forgetting her lines. Rose then recalls of the moment when Michael called her in a voice mail telling her he misses her and wishes she was there with him in Vienna.  Sex offender Tyler ([[Ben Foster  will be released after being imprisoned for six years, and is afraid of how he's not ready to face his life in the outside world due to his temptations. Meanwhile, Laura boards a flight and gets to know an elderly man sitting next to her named John  who is searching for his missing daughter who ran away. They are both stranded in Denver due to the flights being cancelled for the bad weather. Meanwhile, Tyler speaks on the phone with the social worker about his stressful situation outside and how he could not control himself from his attraction. He and Laura bump into each other when Laura inadvertently sits on his table, however, they start a conversation when the beverage for her and John is served. Laura seems attracted to Tyler and ends up offering him to stay with her in her hotel room. The intoxicated Laura then makes sexual advancement to him and asks him to kiss her, instead Tyler controls himself and rebuffs her. The next day, John chances upon Laura who are now departing on their separate ways. They both tell how it was a pleasure meeting one another where Laura hugs John in a daughterly manner, which affects him. John arrives at Miami to examine unidentified remains which could be her daughter. John tells in a meeting how he could accept whether his daughter is alive or not and how he is willing to move on and let go. At the same meeting, a foreign woman named Valentina  also shares her own story, where we learn that she was the same woman the Algerian man spied on back in Paris.  Valentina goes back home to her career-driven Russian husband named Sergei  where she pleads for him for divorce and how she is into someone else, although Sergei doesn't seem to comply with her decision. Sergei leaves Paris for Vienna while Valentina goes to her job in a dental clinic. It turns out that her boss is the Algerian man . They both have mutual feelings for each other, although Valentina's boss is quite unsure on Valentina. He then talks to her privately and tells her she could pursue her career elsewhere.   Sergei fetches his boss from the airport while he is being treated harshly. His boss reprimands him when he learns he is learning English and states that it's irrelevant. Mirka and Anna are also riding a bus going to Vienna for another client of Mirka. Sergei chances upon Mirka whom his boss was expecting and tells her to go to his hotel room. While lingering in the city, Anna comes across Sergei when it starts to rain and let's her in the car. They then start to develop a friendly relationship from their mutual love for books and learning English. Anna then persuades the ill-treated Sergei to drive around the city where he agrees. Back in the hotel, Sergei's boss notices Mirka's phone and noticed she called for someone. Thinking it is an security operation, he knocks Mirka unconscious and calls for Sergei. When Sergei picks up his call, his boss asks him to cover up for him in the hotel. Rocco  appears at the boss' hotel room where the sick Sergei tricks his boss of him being Rocco. The boss opens the door and a fight ensues. Sergei then leaves the hotel and picks up Anna and they drive together in the city with his boss' car. Mirka, who gains consciousness after the attack, collects the stash of money the man had promised to pay her.