In a flashback, a group of girls playing "Triple Dog", a game of dares. Chapin Wright  triple-dog-dares a popular girl among them, Stacy , to jump off the Jogger Bridge. However, none of them know about the strong current in the river below and when Stacy jumps in, she is unable to reach the top and drowns. Back in the present, no one knows the truth about Stacy's death, with everyone thinking she committed suicide, except the girls at the camp, who were there when it happened. Eve  is having a sleepover for her 16th birthday. Nina , Sarah , Cecily , Liza , and Chapin are all invited. Things are tense between Chapin and Liza due to a fight they had. As the evening progresses, Chapin suggests the game Triple Dog. She explains the rules; everyone gets a dare and gives one, you get to pick who dares you, anyone who refuses or fails to do their dare must have their head shaved, and everything will be recorded. Also their most prize possesions they brought with them and all their money is up for grabs to the person who performs their dare the best. Though initially reluctant, the girls eventually decide to play. Sarah is up first, and picks Liza to dare her. Liza dares Sarah to streak. She reluctantly does so as the rest of the girls follow behind, recording her. Sarah returns to Eve's house, crying and embarrassed, having been seen by several teenage boys and people. Next up, Nina dares Liza to stay in Eve's brother's closet until midnight, wearing a cheerleading uniform. Liza is also reluctant at first, but ultimately does the dare. Chapin calls and blows nina's cover and liza refuses to leave biting eve's brother. eventually he calls her pretty and hits on her and at the party they bone. As the night goes on, other dares take place. As they all succeed, the last dare goes to Eve. Sarah dares her to go to third-base with Whisper , a boy she likes. The girls drive to the party Whisper is attending. Eve dances with him seductively and leads him downstairs into a secluded room as the girls follow. But as she unzips Whisper's pants, he stops her and confesses that he's interested in Chapin. Having suspected this, Eve storms out. Chapin tries to convince Whisper to hook up with Eve but Whisper brings up what happened to Stacy and tells Chapin it wasn't her fault. Chapin gets angry and leaves. Mallory Silvers , who was there when Stacy jumped, tells Eve the truth about Stacy's "suicide": the girls were playing Triple Dog and Stacy picked Chapin to dare her; Chapin dared her to jump off the bridge, which led to her death. Chapin flees to Jogger Bridge with everyone following, begging her to stop. She stands on top of the bridge and blows the girls a kiss--what Stacy had done before she jumped--and immediately jumps off with tears in her eyes. Everyone panics, fearing Chapin has suffered the same fate as Stacy. They look for her on the shore and Chapin eventually comes out of the water, safe. Chapin sobs, blaming herself for Stacy's death and insists she wouldn't have given her the dare if she had known about the current, but Eve calms her down, telling her that it was an accident. The girls meet up again and when Cecily mocks Chapin for her actions, Liza defends her, seeming to amend their friendship. Eve, who has been waiting for her estranged father's call throughout the film, calls him herself and gets yelled at for calling so late. After literally screaming out her frustrations, she abruptly decides to have her head shaved, in accordance with "the rules". After Eve gets shaved, the girls all return home. The film ends with Chapin going to Jogger Bridge the next morning, looking down at the water and leaving, finally accepting the truth.