{{Plot}} 14-year-old Annie Cameron lives in suburban Chicago. She enjoys a healthy relationship with her family. On her birthday, her parents give her a laptop. She is rather naive in respect of some of the ways in which the Internet can be harmful. When she meets Charlie in an online chat room, she establishes an instant connection with him. At first, Charlie states that he is sixteen years old. Over time, as the two bond by sending phone text messages and through instant messaging, he bumps his age up to 20, then 25. Annie is taken aback at first. She then dismisses these concerns. She continues the on-line relationship, not wanting to end things with him because she is flattered by the attention. After three months of communicating electronically, Charlie invites Annie to meet him at the mall. When they first come into contact, Annie discovers that Charlie is significantly older than he presented himself to be. He appears to be in has late thirties or early forties. Annie is upset about him having lied about his age, but still spends time with him after he coaxes her to ignore the age difference, even to the point of driving to a motel with him. Despite the fact that Annie is a minor, Charlie proceeds to inappropriately touch her and makes her model lingerie. He then coaxes her onto the bed and then rapes her. He secretly films what he does to Annie. Annie tells her best friend, Brittany, about her sexual encounter with Charlie. Brittany is concerned about this and tells the school counselor, who then calls the police, drawing unwanted attention from fellow students at her high school. These actions initiate an FBI investigation. Annie is used to help trap Charlie using online communication, but he soon figures out the ruse and breaks off contact with her before the police can track his location. Annie's father, Will, starts his own obsessive investigation, taking up the services of a private investigation firm in New Jersey. He even steals a collection of his daughter's chat conversations with Charlie from the FBI. His relationship with his wife Lynn begins to deteriorate and he questions his work at an advertising firm, which uses provocative advertisements involving teenagers. When Will tells his boss that his daughter was sexually assaulted, his boss is shocked but becomes dismissive when told that Annie knew the man and went willingly to the hotel, saying "it could have been a lot worse." Annie is angry at Brittany for not keeping her relationship with Charlie secret. She still believes that Charlie loves her and she is livid at her parents for making her betray him and for forbidding her to contact him anymore. Although Charlie has not been identified, DNA evidence provides a high degree of proof that he has behaved in the same manner with other young girls who reported it to the police. This causes Annie to be devastated because she thought she was the only girl in his life. After seeing pictures of the other girls, she feels betrayed. She finally admits to herself, and to a hospital counselor, that she was raped. The next day, Annie tries to move on with her life by participating in her school's volleyball game. There, Will sees a man in the crowd. Not only is he taking pictures of the girls in the game, but he also looks surprisingly similar to one of the registered sex offenders a private New Jersey investigation firm provided him pictures with. An irate Will interrupts the game in order to confront the man. He beats him to the floor, causing a scene. A girl in the game reveals the man to be her father. The assaulted man chooses not to press charges for fear that he will be outed to his family. Will apologizes to the man but Annie feels humiliated. At home, Annie confronts her father. Annie insists that she wants to move on with her life. She believes that Will does not fully appreciate her position as the victim. Annie hears from Brittany about a website in which people are belittling the fact that she was raped. This pushes her over the edge. At home, she locks herself in the bathroom and attempts suicide by overdosing with pills, but is saved by her father. Brittany spends the night to keep her company mending their broken friendship. Annie wakes up early the next day, and discovers her father sitting outside in the freezing cold weather. She approaches him, asking if he is all right. Will begins talking to her, reminiscing about the first time she ever got in the family pool, and how brave she was to do it. He tells her that she used to be confident, and nothing frightened her. He admired the way she loved the world and trusted the people in it and how now all that has changed. He weeps and pleads for forgiveness even though he believes he does not deserve it. Annie starts to cry and then embraces him. As the credits roll, a home video reveals Charlie to be a high school physics teacher named Graham Weston, a married father with a young son.