The Stranger, a tall striking creature dressed in white sets into motions a series of events whilst reciting the Edgar Allan Poe's poem "Eldorado", which will have an effect on those heading towards the mythical city. The evening was going to be a normal Blues Brothers tribute gig for Oliver and Stanley Rosenblum, The Jews Brothers at a local Bar Mitzvah, but things were not going to go to plan for Stan and Ollie. After being wrongly sent to entertain the annual conference of Neo Nazi's instead of the stripper, which was sent to the Bar Mitzvah by their inept Manager JJ. The Jews Brothers are chased out of town by the head of the Californian Chapter of Neo Nazi's General Zwick, and after contacting their agent JJ who makes amends for the mix up by sending the boys and the stripper Lesley Dean to do a show at the Eldorado Festival. This sets in motion a series of events, as at the same time Jessica Albino Jones is on the run from her husband, strip club owner Roy with a million of his dollars and with words of wisdom from Angel and Lilly, she finds herself on the same road to Eldorado. The Jews Brothers have broken down, and then are humiliated by a gang of Hell's Angels led by Meat. Oliver is keeping it together whilst his weaker brother Stanley is complaining about a broken tooth. They are given directions to a dentist known as Doc Martin who loves pulling teeth and gets some kind of sexual kick from doing procedures on his patients. The story continues as they close in towards the centre of Eldorado, but at the same time Roy is concerned his wife has run off with one million dollars and employs the help of his friend Ted to pursue his missing wife and more importantly his money. They are also heading now towards a meeting in Eldorado. As these relatively normal characters make their way there, it becomes increasingly clear that the inhabitants of this town are not the normal folk you expect celebrating their towns bi-centenary. The town folk of Eldorado are a collection of folk who prey on tourists including loud mouth Dick Wheeler coming to their town and making them top of the menu. Now Oliver and Stanley have to escape from this town before they become the dish of the day. With the likes of Lemmas, the deranged butcher, making sure that only the best meat is ready for the feast, it's going to be hard getting out in one piece. With the Stranger bringing the pieces into play and the Spirit Guide making his own waves, it will end in a way no one will believe. With the town folk on the tail of Oliver and Stanley, they make the run out of town with a million dollars that Stanley has surprisingly found, they are looking forward to a worry-free life, but the Stranger does not have that in mind, as they find themselves on a cloud on the other side.