Elizabeth  is a physical education instructor at a college and lives with her son Emil ([[Rahman  and unmarried brother Vakkachan . She is well loved and respected by her students. When she retires students suggest her to start a beauty parlour to keep her active and be in touch with them. Emil, who wants to upgrade his still photography business to video-graphy and Vakkachan who want to expand his pawn brokerage are apprehensive at first but then decides to help out. They start Eve's beauty parlour at home with all fan fare. But the appointed beautician turns out to be completely incompetent with some disastrous skin rash, hair dye incidents. Even her beloved students avoid her and an upset Elizabeth dismisses the beautician. Emil is sympathetic and advertises for a beautician through news papers. Elizabeth's fortune changes for good when a professional and skilled girl Mini ([[Rohini  turns up and soon the place is filled with customers. Emil is smitten by Mini at first sight, but even though she is attracted to him, she keeps her distance, and this makes Emil suspect that Mini is afraid and hiding something. The business flourishes with Mini at the helm. They expand it to health club, moves into a new place and Emil starts his video studio nearby. He puts up advertisements of the beauty clinic with Mini's pictures without her consent. She is furious and threaten to quit until unless the advertisements are removed. Emil does that but his concern that she is hiding something grows. This is soon cemented when some people come enquiring about her and say that Mini had escaped from her last employer with stolen valuables. Mini reveals the truth and comes out clean. Even though their romance is growing, certain incidents lead Emil to believe that there are more secrets in Mini's past. Emil decides to find out the truth and puts up a big first page advertisement of his studio in the news paper with Mini's picture. Two men come searching for her and Mini is distraught. What is she trying to escape from? What will the door to the past reveal? Will she escape from the clutches of her searchers? What will happen to Emil and Mini's romance? Answers to these questions form the rest of the story.