Opening - An alarm clock rings and Jeff wakes up. The Wiggles introduce themselves to the audience. * Song 1:We Like To Say Hello Greg is standing with Henry the Octopus and tells Greg that he has a surprise for everyone Henry says that he bought his underwater big band with him. * Song 2:Henry's Underwater Big Band Greg tells everyone to stand still like a statue. The other Wiggles pose and then dance around behind Greg's back. * Song 3:Everybody is Clever  / The Chase  Anthony and Murray watch kids draw scenes of the beach using pens and markers. * Song 4: Having Fun At The Beach The Wiggles introduce Captain Feathersword, but he answers with "Bing Bang Bong" and other nonsense phrases. They ask him what's up with that? He answers, that's a pirate song. Let's dance a pirate song together! * Song 5: Bing Bang Bong  Anthony and Murray introduce Dominic, who is with his daughter Ashley. He is a trumpet player. Anthony and Murray ask him questions about playing the trumpet and Dominic plays a little bit. Everyone's wearing a green hat, so it is time for some Irish Dancing. * Song 6: Bucket Of Dew / Paddy Condon From Cobar The clock goes pass ticking and everybody yells WAKE UP JEFF! to wake Jeff up. And Jeff wakes up to the camera. * Song 7: Wake Up Jeff! Jeff asks Dorothy to dance, and Dorothy does a few dance steps. * Song 8: Dorothy  * Song 9: Take A Trip Out On The Sea * Song 10: Romp Bomp A Stomp * Song 11: I Can Do So Many Things Anthony can hear someone barking. He asked who's that barking and Greg yelled out ITS WAGS THE DOG! * Song 12: Wave To Wags * Greg's Magic Show – "The Magic Box" Greg, Anthony, and Murray are standing with an empty glass box. They can hear some one snoring and they are saying its coming from inside the box, but no one is inside the box or could they. Greg has Anthony and Murray cover the box with a drape, they spin it around, and chants some magic words when they count to three. 1, 2, 3, "Wiggle Waggle". They lift the drape and Jeff is there, but he's asleep. They ask everyone to wake him up. 1, 2, 3, WAKE UP JEFF! and then Jeff wakes up, wondering what he's doing in a box. Murray tells Jeff to not fall asleep again and said we neeeeeeed YOU! for the next song. * Song 13: Pipers Waltz It's time to say goodbye. Jeff has fallen asleep again in his bed, so the Wiggles have one more dance. The credits come up with "Christmas Picnic" for background music. It's time for the WIGGLY CONCERT The Wiggles are backstage. They have warmed up their singing voices by practicing "Rock-a-Bye Your Bear". They also have tucked their shirts and brushed their hair. Over by the side is Wags and Henry, Wags is polishing Henry's shoes. And at the last part, Greg knew that somebody was missing. Where's Jeff? Murray saw Jeff fallen asleep on a chair and told The Wiggles that hes asleep. They call the viewer to Wake up Jeff. 1, 2, 3, WAKE UP JEFF! Jeff arises and they're ready to go on stage for the concert and so they all ran out to the stage. * Song 14: Can You Point Your Fingers And Do The Twist? – concert * Song 15: D.O.R.O.T.H.Y.  – concert