Safe-cracker John Bridger has arranged for one final heist in Venice, Italy; he calls his daughter Stella before the heist attempt. Bridger meets with planner Charlie Croker and the rest of their team: Steve, the "inside man"; Handsome Rob, their driver; "Left Ear", their explosives expert; and Lyle, their technology expert. They successfully recover a safe filled with gold, but Steve betrays the group not long thereafter, killing John and attempting but failing to kill the rest of the team. A year later, Charlie and the team have located Steve with the help of an informant. Steve, having taken a new identity and moved to a mansion in Los Angeles, is attempting to launder the gold through a jewelry store owner, Yevhen. To execute a plan to recover the gold before it can be moved, Charlie contacts Stella, now a professional safe-cracker for law enforcement, and convinces her to help them. Charlie's initial plan is to distract Steve by having Stella, posing as a cable technician, go on a date with Steve while they drive through his home in three Mini Coopers, modified by Rob's mechanic friend Wrench to handle the weight of the gold, then make their escape through Los Angeles using hacked traffic lights to cover their route. Charlie calls off the plan when they find the next-door neighbors are having a party that night, but has Stella go on the date with Steve to avoid attracting attention. Regardless, Steve identifies Stella's true identity. Charlie confronts Steve directly, warning that they will find some way to recover the gold and make up for John's death. Steve is forced to accelerate the sale of gold to Yevhen, but Yevhen reveals that he knew of the Venice heist, and Steve kills Yevhen to keep him silent, unaware that Yevhen is the cousin of the local Ukrainian crime boss Maskhov. Steve arranges to move the gold. Charlie's team realizes that Steve, watching from a helicopter above, has enlisted three armored trucks, two to act as decoys. With Lyle's help, they determine which truck holds the gold and use the traffic lights to manipulate the truck to a designated spot. There, they detonate explosives under the street, dropping the truck into an empty subway tunnel. Charlie and his team load the gold into the Mini Coopers and evade Steve's security team. Steve hijacks a truck and follows the cars to a train station, where they appear to have been loaded onto a boxcar. Steve opens the boxcar to find only Charlie waiting for him. Steve tries to fire on Charlie, but he is captured by Maskhov's men; Charlie reveals that he told Maskhov about how Steve stole the gold and killed Yevhen; Maskhov accepts a share of the gold and takes Steve with him. Charlie and the rest of the team split up the remaining gold and go their separate ways, with Charlie and Stella staying together.