Abhimanyu  is a professional shooter who kills local gangsters for the sake of money. He falls instantly in love with Meenakshi , working in a cafeteria. In the same flow Vikram , is local Circle Inspector on a special duty to track down the YouTube account of ‘It is My Life Boss.’ This account deals with shooting and uploading of suicides happening in the society but with a purpose behind. Abhimanyu decides to go for a suicide as his Mother dies and calls up that particular YouTube account creator. He finds that the girl shooting his suicide episode is none other than Meenakshi. Now, Abhimanyu decides to live for the sake of his love. Some how Abhimanyu saves his life and starts to impress Meenakshi to find the reason behind operation of such YouTube account. Mean while Vikram succeeds in tracing the identity of Meenakshi and tries to arrest her for spreading the criminal suicidal thoughts in mankind. Obviously hero Abhimanyu escapes her from police. In the same stoke, gangster Ratna  on a revenge with Abhimanyu starts chasing him as Abhimanyu Earlier killed his Father and Brother as to avenge his Father's Murder by Ratna. Abhimanyu and Meenakshi fly to Venice to save their lives. Here is where Meenkashi decides to commit suicide. Meanwhile after a series of Chaos Abhimanyu kills Ratna as Ratna tries to kill both Abhimanyu and Meenakshi. Now Meenakshi narrates the Story of her dead Sister Shravya . Shravya and Meenakshi were Twin Daughters of Vishwanath , a School Head Master. A Guy called Rajesh Flirted with Shravya and was Successful in making Love to Her. Knowing that she wqas Pregnant with Rajesh's Child she requested Rajesh to Marry her to which Rajesh Gave his Consent. But on the day of Shravya's Eloped Marriage Shravya is picturised as a Prostitute and the Friends of Rajesh who were to help her Showcase her Father to be the man who sent Shravya with them for Money. Unable to bear the Insult Vishwanath dies with a Heart attack and Shravya Commits Suicide. Now as her mission was accomplished, she must die. But Abhimanyu Shoots Himself Before Meenakshi, who stabbed Herself, with a Gun. Meenakshi Confesses to Him that She Loves Him and Faints Kissing Him. Vikram finds Both of them and rescues them by Medication in a Nearby Hospital. After 18 months of Imprisonment Meenakshi is released and both Unite. Abhimanyu tells Her That In the mean while Rajesh and his friends were Killed By him and the Coffee Shop where Meenakshi used to work is theirs now as Abhimanyu Purchsases it. Movie ends as The Couple go to Drink a Coffee.