In 1845, James Howlett, a young boy living in northern Canada, sees his father killed by groundskeeper Thomas Logan. The trauma activates the boy's mutation: bone claws protrude from James' hands, and he kills Thomas, who reveals with his dying breath that he is James' real father. James flees into the forest along with Thomas's son Victor Creed, who is thus James' half-brother. They spend the next century as soldiers, fighting in the Civil War, both World Wars, and the Vietnam War. In 1973, Victor  attempts to rape a local village woman, but is stopped after killing a senior officer. James  defends his brother, and the two are sentenced to execution by firing squad, which they survive. Major William Stryker  approaches them, now in military custody, and offers them membership in Team X, a group of mutants including marksman Agent Zero , swordsman Wade Wilson , teleporter John Wraith , invulnerable Fred Dukes  and electropathic Chris Bradley . They join the team, but the group's questionable actions and disregard for human life cause James to leave. Six years later, James, now going by the name Logan, lives in Canada with his girlfriend, Kayla Silverfox . Colonel Stryker locates Logan and warns him that someone is killing members of the team; both Wilson and Bradley are dead. Shortly afterward, Victor murders Kayla and attacks Logan. Stryker offers Logan a way to beat Victor; Logan undergoes an operation to reinforce his skeleton with adamantium, a virtually indestructible metal. Before the procedure, Logan asks for new dog tags inscribed with "Wolverine", based on a story that Kayla told him. Once the procedure is complete, Stryker orders Logan's memory erased, but Logan overhears and fights his way out. As Logan runs, Zero tracks him down, but is killed. Logan locates Wraith and Dukes and asks them about the location of Stryker's new laboratory, referred to as "The Island". They tell him to find Remy "Gambit" LeBeau , who escaped and knows the location of The Island. Logan and Wraith locate Gambit in New Orleans, but when Logan asks for the Island's location, Gambit suspects he was sent to recapture him and attacks. Outside, Logan finds Victor, who had just killed Wraith and the two fight. When Logan is about to kill Victor, Gambit interrupts, and Victor escapes. Logan and Gambit fight before Logan convinces him he is not working for Stryker. Gambit takes him to Stryker's facility on Three Mile Island. After learning of Stryker's mutant son and believing that he is too emotionally close to the situation, General Munson tries to shut Weapon XI down, but Stryker kills him. There, Logan learns that Kayla is alive and conspired with Stryker in exchange for her sister's safety. Enraged, Logan leaves. Victor then arrives, demanding the adamantium bonding promised for his service, but Stryker refuses on the basis that Victor would not survive the procedure. Victor attempts to kill Kayla, but Logan hears her screams and returns. Logan defeats and nearly kills Victor. Meanwhile, Stryker activates Weapon XI, a "mutant killer" with the abilities of other mutants bonded to Wade Wilson's body, which Stryker refers to as "the Deadpool". Kayla and Logan free the imprisoned mutants, and on their escape they are found by Deadpool. Logan holds Deadpool off while the mutants flee. During the escape, Kayla, mortally wounded, decides to stay behind while the party led by Scott Summers  is greeted by Professor Charles Xavier , who offers them shelter at his school. Logan lures Deadpool to the top of one of the plant's cooling towers. Logan is almost killed until Victor intervenes. After a lengthy battle, Logan manages to decapitate Deadpool and kick him into the base of the cooling tower. As he falls, the head fires optic blasts that cause the tower to start falling apart. Victor departs and Logan is saved from the collapsing tower by Gambit. After Logan finds Kayla, Stryker shoots him in the forehead with adamantium bullets, rendering him unconscious. Kayla uses her persuasion powers to make Stryker drop the gun and commands him to "walk until [his] feet bleed" before dying from her wounds. Gambit returns as Logan regains consciousness, but the brain damage caused by the bullets has triggered amnesia. Gambit tries convincing Logan to come with him, but he declines, wanting to go his own way.