A group of friends embark on a trip to Las Vegas, NV in an RV. The driver, Matt, gets lost while taking a shortcut. His fiancée Lily complains that she wants to get married but he responds by saying there's no rush. Lily then goes to throw up in the RV's bathroom . Matt's friends Joe and June are goofing around in the back of the RV, while his sister Molly is asleep. June notices a string of lights in the sky that appear to be following the RV. Soon they are all captivated the lights. Matt almost swerves off the road while Joe attempts to record the lights on a digital camera. Matt stares at the lights and does not see the road flares laid out by a stalled motorist. He swerves to avoid the car and crashes into a tree. The group is shaken up. Matt, Lily and Molly get out to assess the damage and see the other motorist. Richard, the other motorist, has come over to see about them. Matt is furious and punches him before he is restrained by his fiancée. Just then, June calls out that there's a problem with Joe. When the RV crashed a set of knives fell out of an upper cabinet. One was lodged in Joe's shoulder. Matt is about to pull the knife out when he is stopped by Richard, who tells him it could sever one of Joe's major artery. Richard was a soldier in the first Gulf War and has had medical training. He suggests leaving the knife in place, stopping the bleeding and then calling for medical help. Matt is belligerent, but the others tend to Richard's wound. They don't have a first aid kit, so they duct tape Joe's arms to his sides and superglue the wound shut. They then put him into the RV's bed. Matt, meanwhile, tries to fix the RV. Lily tries to talk with him, which ends in frustration. Meanwhile, Molly goes with Richard to his truck to try and drive it into town for medical help. They are unsuccessful, Molly gets to know Richard a little. He was a POW, tortured by the Iraqis to try to get vital information from him. They go back to the RV, announcing that the truck won't start. Matt is still trying to fix the RV when he hears a rustling in the trees. Thinking that it is Richard, Matt takes his flashlight and goes into the woods. Along the way he witnesses strange shapes and sounds; eventually, his flashlight dies and then hears a strange chirping. Lily looks for Matt and finds him coming out of the woods. He reassures her and they climb into the RV. June is panicked about Joe's condition since his skin has changed color. Richard finds that Joe bled all over his clothes and the bed bed—the knife did nick an artery. Richard points out some telephone lines that go into the distance; he and Matt follow them to find a house with a working phone, since no one's cell phones works. They set out with Richard carrying a gun for safety. Along the way, Richard tells a story about his third-grade sweetheart, who become a stripper as an adult. He suddenly realizes that Matt has disappeared. He thinks Matt is playing games, but then starts to see strange shapes and hears chirping sounds. Soon, ugly creatures emerge all around Richard. In a panic, he shoots at them and ends up killing Matt. Meanwhile, the others are waiting in the RV. Lily throws up again and Molly asks when she plans on telling Matt that she is pregnant. Just then, they hear a distance gunshot. Minutes later, Richard bursts in a panic and locks the door. He pulls all the curtains, saying that he doesn't know what the creatures are, but that they're coming. He ignores the others when they ask about Matt. Molly is almost hysterical and Lily and June are upset. Lily peeks out of a window and sees one of the creatures. It convinces her that Richard's not a lunatic. The radio goes crazy; Molly tries to shut it off and thinks she sees her brother Matt in front of the RV. Hysterical, she tries to leave the RV, fighting the others who try to keep her inside. She runs outside and is sucked up by a green light. Richard locks the RV door and they all huddle inside. Suddenly there is pounding on the walls and roof, as if something has climbed up on top of the RV. The pounding stops, and June whispers to the others that Joe is no longer breathing before she is yanked out of the back window. The RV shakes violently and the windows burst inward. Richard and Lily burst out of the door and begin to run, eventually ending up in an abandoned shack, where Richard props a heavy table against the door. The creatures are soon trying to get in; the shack's windows burst in and the creatures overrun the building. Richard shoots them but is captured, dropping his gun. Lily picks it up and runs but trips on some barbed wire and again drops the gun. She struggles to get free and grab the weapon, but the wire is tight around her leg. The creatures capture her, too. Richard regains consciousness, naked and inside a fleshy pod. He struggles out of it only to find himself inside an organic chamber. He hears distant cries and sets off in their direction. He finds his gun, which only has one bullet left. He finds Lily lying face-up in midair, her arms and legs bound with some sort of weblike substance. Two or three creatures stand over her. One of them smears a clear substance onto Lily's abdomen, making her skin transparent. The creature reaches in and takes something, causing Lily to shriek of pain. The creatures leave and Richard approaches Lily and realizes the creatures took her baby. Seeing a tortured and broken woman, Richard uses his last bullet on her, after which the creatures capture him. They look at his organs and stick a long appendage up his nose, causing it to bleed heavily. The creatures then flip him over and stick something in his spine, at which point he blacks out. Some time later, a police officer is patrolling a deserted area when he notices a body in the sand. He checks the body's pulse since it appears to be dead. It is Richard, who suddenly wakes up and grabs the officer's arm. The end credits state that Richard was found about 100 miles away from where his broken down car and that none of the other from the RV, or the vehicle itself, was ever found.