The movie chronicles the fictional experiences of several youths during their stay in a youth detention center. The focus revolves around the character 'Butch' who is imprisoned for attacking and blinding a correctional officer . The film starts with an initial 'bedding in' period where the main characters are briefed by one of the guards  about how they should conduct themselves during their incarceration, including the possibility of earning points towards an early release should they behave. Butch initially attempts to conform with the rules. However, another of the recent detainees, Davis, finds himself bullied by some of the longer term youths who have earned the special privileges reserved for good behaviour, but have abused in order to intimidate the other boys. Butch is eventually attacked by the youths, whilst the bullying against Davis increases to the point that he is overdosed with an unrevealed substance. Butch is sent to solitude due to his refusal to reveal his attackers. Once he is out he immediately takes revenge against the youths, using Davis as lookout cover, Butch brutally beats the bully leader with a cup. The event helps establishes Butch's rank within the detention centre and offers temporary protection to Davis and some of the other inmates. Butch is then told that the original charges against him will probably be dropped due to the emergence of other witnesses in relation to his attack against the police officer. However, during a routine painting job, the prison officer Goodyear accidentally kills one of the group  that Butch had formed friends with. Butch is placed in solitary confinement whilst an initial investigation takes place. Whilst Butch is in solitary, Davis is beaten up and raped by the inmates who had earlier bullied him, and later commits suicide after a failed attempt to contact his mother. As a result, Butch loses control and instigates a riot in the canteen. The detention officers are overwhelmed and use riot gear, tear gas and plastic bullets in an attempt to end the riot. Butch escapes outside the building during the confusion, but is taken down violently by the prison officers.