The unnamed Driver  lives in a low-rent apartment building and works as a mechanic in a chop shop owned by Shannon , and as a part-time movie stuntman. He also has a secret job as a getaway driver, organized by Shannon, where his rule is that he never works for the same people twice and only gives the criminals a five-minute window to complete their robbery, after which he will leave them behind. One day, he meets his new neighbor Irene  in the apartment building elevator and later helps her and her young son Benicio  when Irene has car trouble at a local supermarket. Shannon persuades the mobster Bernie Rose  to purchase a stock car for the Driver to race after seeing the Driver's skill. Rose's friend and business partner is Nino, an aging Jewish mobster . Nino once had Shannon's pelvis broken when Shannon overcharged him for a past job, leaving him with a limp. Irene has her car towed to Shannon's garage and the Driver gives her and Benicio a ride home. The Driver begins spending more and more time with Irene and Benicio, and later meets Irene's husband, Standard , when he comes home from prison. Standard owes protection money to an Albanian gangster, Cook , from his time in prison. Cook beats up Standard and threatens to go after Irene and Benicio if Standard does not agree to rob a pawn shop to pay the debt. The Driver agrees to help Standard pay off the debt by driving him to and from the pawn shop. Blanche , Cook's moll, also participates in the heist. While waiting in the parking lot for Standard and Blanche to complete the heist, the Driver sees another car pull into the lot and park. Blanche returns to the car with a large bag. But when Standard leaves the pawn shop, he is shot in the neck by the owner and dies. The Driver flees with Blanche and the money, but the car that pulled into the parking lot minutes earlier gives chase, trying to run them off the road. The Driver eludes the other vehicle and they hide out in a motel room. The Driver discovers that the amount of money is much more than was expected. After the Driver threatens Blanche, she tells him that the chasing car belongs to Cook and that she and Cook planned to double-cross the Driver and Standard, taking the money for themselves. Two of Cook's men attack them in the motel room, killing Blanche and injuring the Driver before he kills them both. The Driver confronts Cook in his strip club and learns that Nino was behind the heist. Nino sends a hitman  to the Driver's apartment building, with whom the Driver and Irene unknowingly ride the elevator. The Driver gives Irene a kiss before killing the hitman by repeatedly stomping on his head, to her horror. Nino explains to Bernie that the money from the pawn shop belonged to the East Coast mafia. Fearing retaliation, Bernie and Nino agree to kill those with knowledge, starting with Cook. Bernie confronts Shannon in his garage and reluctantly kills him with a straight razor. The Driver, wearing a silicone mask disguise, follows Nino to the Pacific Coast Highway in his car and T-Bones Nino's car onto a beach. With Nino wounded and weakened, the Driver drowns him in the Pacific Ocean. The Driver speaks to Bernie on Nino's phone and they arrange to meet at a Chinese restaurant. The Driver makes a final phone call to Irene to tell her he is leaving, and says that meeting her and Benicio was the best thing that has ever happened to him. At the restaurant, Bernie promises only Irene and Benicio's safety, in exchange for the money. In the parking lot, Bernie stabs the Driver in the abdomen as he pulls the money from the trunk of his car. The Driver fatally stabs Bernie, leaving his corpse and the satchel of money behind. That evening, Irene knocks on the Driver's apartment door, with no response. The Driver drives off into the night.