Ryan Gaerity , an Irish terrorist, escapes from his cell in a castle prison in Northern Ireland. In faraway Boston, meanwhile, Lt. Jimmy Dove  is a veteran bomb disposal technician for the Boston Police Department bomb squad. He irritates his captain, partner and everyone else when he plays hero and disarms explosives. Nobody, except for his uncle Max , knows of Jimmy's dark past. Originally from Belfast, Northern Ireland, Jimmy's actual name is Liam McGivney. He had been friends and partners with Gaerity, who, unbeknownst to Liam, was a freelance terrorist. After a botched attempt to stop Gaerity led to the bomber's imprisonment and the death of his girlfriend , Liam fled to Boston and became Jimmy Dove. Gaerity comes to Boston to seek vengeance against Jimmy, who is semi-retired but working as an instructor. Gaerity begins taunting his old protégé with threats and his homemade explosives and causing the deaths of Jimmy's colleagues Blanket, Cortez and Rita. With his new family now in danger, Jimmy reveals his secret to his wife Kate . He returns to action to hunt for Gaerity, while rookie technician Anthony Franklin  investigates Jimmy, suspecting a connection between the two. Max is brutally killed by Gaerity and even though Dove arrives in time, he is helpless to do anything but watch. Dove proceeds to track Gaerity to his steamboat hideout, booby-trapped with explosives. After a brief fight, he cuffs himself to Gaerity, prepared to die in order to keep his secret and prevent any more deaths. He is saved by Franklin at the last minute, leaving Gaerity to die when the boat detonates in a massive fireball. Dove and Franklin hurry to reach a performance of the Boston Pops orchestra before it ends. They need to get to Kate, a musician, in time to rescue her . After a harrowing chase, they disarm the bomb. Franklin tells Dove that he knows his secret, but will leave the matter alone if Dove lets him  be the hero and take all the credit for taking down Gaerity. Dove gives Franklin his badge and gun and walks away with his family.