{{Plot}} The film's plot is a compilation of various stories from all of the Jeż Jerzy's comic albums except the newest , which was published after the script was written. The film begins in the Professor's lab, where he and his Assistant conduct some experiments. As a result, the computer produces the image of a hedgehog. Professor sends his assistant to find one. Some time later, Jerzy and his colleagues are seen sitting under the palm on the Charles de Gaulle 's Roundabout in Warsaw. They attract the attention of two policewomen, who rush to arrest them, but instead they cause the road accident. A bus is about to crush a young boy, but Jerzy saves him. His actions are witnessed by a Politician  and the Assistant. Jerzy tries to buy some food in a Vietnamese hut, but is interrupted first by Lilka, the prostitute, and then Yola, his lover, who invites him for a ride with her "friends". They are followed by the Assistant, who observes their actions. In the meantime, Stefan wakes up in the middle of the night after having a nightmare . The next day Stefan and Zenek are seen sitting on the bench in front of the apartment blocks, discussing about the problems of Poland . Upon seeing Jerzy and Yola, they attack them, but are defeated. Yola kisses Jerzy, but then her husband - Krzysztof - appears, in the state of shock upon seeing his wife in hands of another man. Yola saves the situation by claiming Jerzy rescued her from the "bandits" and the kiss was in fact mechanical ventilation. Stefan and Zenek are approached by Assistant, who offers them a job. He takes them to the Professor's lab and tells them to acquire Jerzy's DNA , then kill him. Jerzy is at the market square, buying flower for Yola, when he's attacked by Stefan and Zenek, who take the DNA samples ordered by Assistant. Professor then uses them to make a clone of Jerzy . The Assistant explains that from their analysis it seems Jerzy has a full potential to become a pop star, but there was a problem: he couldn't be contained. That's why he and Professor decided to clone him. Their plan is to use the clone to make money - but before, they have to kill the original Jerzy. Jerzy meets with Yola in amusement park, but as he walks to the bar to make an order, the clone appears and tries to rape Yola, enraging her and resulting in her leaving the rendezvous. As Jerzy tries to explain everything, he's captured by Assistant, who mistakes him for the clone. He escapes to the House of Terror, but as he rushes outside, he's spotted by Stefan and Zenek, who then collide with the clone and beat him, before being stopped by Yola. She drives the clone home, thinking he's the original Jerzy. However as the clone abuses her again, she throws him out of the taxi and drives home. The true Jerzy is already waiting there, but Yola doesn't listen to his explanations. The heartbroken hedgehog drunks himself in front of the liquor store. Suddenly his cell phone rings and "Yola"  asks him to meet under Poniatowskiego bridge. There, Jerzy is confronted by Stefan, Zenek and Assistant, who manage to knock him unconscious and throw him into the river. Then they upload a video of the clone to the internet as the first step towards fortune. However, the clone escapes and causes and explosion in the sex shop. The police arrests him. The Assistant decides to ask one of the politicians to pull him out of the prison - in return the clone will support his election campaign. In the meantime, Jerzy is rescued by Lilka, a prostitute he met earlier. The clone is set free and becomes an international celebrity. In the meantime Yola wants to come to terms with Jerzy, but she's thrown out of the club when she tries to approach him . She meets Lilka, who starts to suspect something and shows Jerzy how the Warsaw changed since he was rescued. Jerzy, initially shattered by the fact the clone stole his life and personality, is comforted by Lilka and decides to regain his good name. In the meantime, the clone's popularity grows - and so does the Politician's chances for the election. Jerzy breaks into the concert organised by the Politician where the clone is performing, finally showing that there are two hedgehogs in the town . The meeting of the two characters results in a massive fight, during which the scene is set ablaze. Sorrowful Professor finds the clone laying helplessly on the floor, but before he can help him, a beam falls and crushes the clone. In the meantime, Yola witnesses the whole fight and tries to reach Jerzy, but she's captured by the Assistant. Jerzy pursuits; Assistant's car falls from the bridge and he himself is saved by Yola, only to be punched in the face by her before being arrested. Yola finally comes to terms with Jerzy. As they talk on the bridge, Professor finds out the clone is still alive, but lets him go, believing he'll manage without him. However, the clone is found by the two Vietnamese chiefs and turned into their meal. Lilka thanks Jerzy for realising her dreams of being famous. The next day, Stefan is awakened by his mother. To his horror, his brother Michał  pays them a visit. Even worse, Zenek arrives, but quickly runs away, seeing a black person in Stefan's house. The two meet outside on the bench and Stefan explains the origins of his brother: his mother went to Africa and after being captured by a local tribe she was "cursed" by the sorcerer  resulting in Michał's birth. To comfort his friend, Zenek tells him his own story: he was captured by aliens who seemed to conduct experiments on him . Suddenly it turns out Jerzy is standing behind them all the time and has heard their stories. As he escapes on his skateboard, he accidentally runs into camera, crashes to the ground and weakly exclaims "Goddamn operator" offscreen before the ending sequence. The credits contain several more sequences: Professor buying a dinner from Vietnamese food store , Krzysztof having a walk with Yola, politician trying to restore his popularity and a drunkard buying vodka from Professor in his lab . A post-credit scene shows the Assistant trying to communicate with his cellmates.