{{Plot}} The movie opens by explaining current events such as the passing of the "Freedom of Observation Act" and the subsequent implementation of ODIN , including the development of a new type of mobile camera drone, the eponymous "eyeborg". The system is administered by the Department of Homeland Security. The movie transitions to a meeting in a dark room, where Sankur  is making a deal to purchase a shotgun while an eyeborg watches the transaction. The eyeborg is discovered and the deal is aborted just as the video feed from the eyeborg is interrupted. Homeland Security agents rush in to find that Sankur has escaped and the other party in the gun deal is dead. In the next scene, Brandon   is in a car with a girl. They are approached by a shadowy character who is identified only as "G-Man" , who delivers a bag of North Carolina Tobacco, a rare find since smoking is banned. After G-Man leaves, the two begin smoking the tobacco before they are interrupted and killed by a large six-armed eyeborg. With Brandon missing, Jarett  becomes the de facto lead singer of "Painful Daze" at a gig played the next night. He's singing as eyeborgs search for Sankur, who has entered the building. During the concert, Sankur pulls out the shotgun and prepares to fire before the eyeborgs in the room signal an alarm and panic ensues. Sankur tries to shoot Jarett but an eyeborg blocks the shot. Jarett falls, unharmed, to the ground but breaks his guitar in so doing. It is revealed that Jarett is the President's nephew. Sankur is taken to the regional DHS office and, while being interrogated, is shown video footage of his earlier gun deal, which concludes with his use of the shotgun to kill the dealer. Sankur insists that he did not kill the dealer despite the video providing evidence to the contrary. Agent Gunner  gets a message to report to the front desk, leaves the room with his partner, and locks the door. Four eyeborgs mounted around the room as security cameras detach, fall to the floor, and begin to attack Sankur. In the middle of the attack, the door unlocks and he is released from the room. A brief foot chase occurs, stranding him on level six. When an elevator upon which he is waiting opens, a large eyeborg emerges and pushes him over the banister, causing him to fall six stories through the open atrium to the bottom floor, killing him. Jarett and Ronni  are making out when the news is announced that the President has declared war on Zimbekistan, which catches Ronni's attention. She shows Jarett a bank error where a large sum of money has been deposited in their account from Zimbekistan. Back at the regional DHS office, Agent Gunner comes under fire for security footage showing that he failed to lock Sankur's door. Meanwhile, Barbara   and Eric  , who earlier witnessed Sankur's death, find a video file in Sankur's apartment. Meanwhile, Jarett goes to G-Man, whose face is finally revealed, and asks him to fix his guitar. During their meeting they discuss the eyeborgs, which Jarett approves of and which G-Man doesn't trust. Eric analyzes the video from Sankur's apartment and calls Barbara to tell her the video file is fake. En route in a news van to give her the evidence, he is attacked by a new type of eyeborg. It force feeds him a bottle of Shelley's whiskey and forces him to crash, attempting to make it look like the result of intoxication. While he manages to get out of the news van alive, he is immolated by a flamethrower carried the eyeborg that attacked him. Barbara is notified of the wreck and, when told that he was drunk at the time of the accident, she doesn't believe it. Shortly thereafter, G-Man is attacked and killed by a large eyeborg. Jarett arrives and is momentarily pinned to the ground by the escaping eyeborg, after which he find's G-Man's body. He tells Gunner what he saw, but video of the alley shows a human leaving G-Man's place rather than an eyeborg. Growing increasingly suspicious, Gunner asks Jarett to meet him. During the secret meeting, Gunner tells Jarett that he believes that Jarett did see an eyeborg leaving the scene of G-Man's murder, and that he suspects the system is compromised and the President may be in danger. He asks Jarett for help in warning the President, since Jarett has been asked to play at the President's up and coming campaign debate. While Jarett is out, Ronni is attacked by two eyeborgs and manages to call him, but the call is cut short. When he arrives, he finds her dead, with her wrists slit as though she had committed suicide. Jim Bradley  and Gunner go back to G-Man's to see if they missed anything, and they find a secret room containing plans for weapon-carrying eyeborgs, plus a malleable C4 variant which was formed into the pickguard on Jarett's guitar. They try to leave to warn the President that Jarett's guitar is a bomb, and Jim is killed by an eyeborg which Gunner manages to disable. Gunner gets to the Millennium Center, where the Presidential debate is being held. But when he arrives onstage, there is no President or crowd present. He realizes that the President is dead, and that ODIN is in control and has been using Presidential power to declare war so that it can spread. A group of warbots show up and begin firing on the DHS agents. Barbara is run into by her new camera bot, but she tells Gunner where he is most likely to find Jarett. Gunner and his team manage to free Jarett, whose likeness is being scanned for use by ODIN, just as two newer and more deadly eyeborgs attack and kill all but Jarett, Gunner, and Barbara. As Gunner is leaving with Jarett, Barbara gives him the only video evidence of what happened at the Millennium Center. Too injured to leave, herself, she buys them more time when she shoots the eyeborgs to distract them before she then shoots the guitar, detonating it and the barrels of flammable liquid in the basement, resulting in the complete destruction of the Millennium Center. With the explosion of the Millennium Center broadcast on national television, the President is considered dead. The news shows the vice-president being sworn in, and in an address to the public declares Jarett a traitor and shows video of him detonating his guitar in the debates, killing the President and all in attendance. Gunner goes to see Jarett, who is alive and disguised as an altar boy, and tells him that Barbara's video has gone viral and even ODIN cannot stop it. The movie ends with Gunner shooting an eyeborg in an alley and declaring he does not need their eyes anymore.