{{Plot}} The film starts with 3 detectives Poley, Frizer and Skeres interrogating Ned after torturing him. Ned tells that five years ago, the Russian mobster Skinny Faddeev gave 30 million dollars in blood diamond in advance to Anton to lose a fight against his nephew. However, Anton killed the nephew with a punch and when Skinny was found dead, he was sentenced to life. While in prison, a girl name Lexie Persimmon wrote him over 200 letters. Later, however, Anton was released when another prisoner confessed to killing Skinny. Ned finds this suspicious. Now, Anton gives Ned the job of finding Lexie, whom he has taken a liking to. Ned is sceptical about his job, since he doesn't even have a photo of Lexie. As he starts investigating and finding various clues, people start dying mysteriously. Meanwhile, Ned also notices that a black Lincoln is following him and assumes that it is Russian mafia. Ned finds a lead that Lexie might be in San Celeritas, New Mexico. He meets a waitress named Fay Neman, a particle physics buff, who helps him. Ned meets Simon, his wife Julie and the geek physicist Niels Geck, who is conducting the experiment for Simon. Simon only has interest in finding the god particle and doesn't feel anything when Julie tries to warm up to Ned. Ned realizes that Julie may be Lexie and decides to tell her what is happening. Meanwhile, Anton tracks Ned down to Simon's bungalow. Ned confronts Julie, but Julie has no idea what he is talking about. Here, Ned and Julie hear gunshots, making Ned realize that Anton is there. Realizing that he and Anton both have mistaken Julie for Lexie, Ned tries to save her. When the duo head towards basement, Ned is astonished to find Niels dressed like a girl with a blonde wig. A box containing some cosmetics has the phrase "Lex Parsimoniae" printed on it. Ned realizes that Niels wrote the letters to Anton. Anton is angered, while Niels tries to convince Anton to accept him. Niels is armed to placate Anton. In a shootout that happens, Ned gets hurt and passes out. The story cuts back to present, where it is revealed that Niels and Anton killed each other, while the detectives have held Ned and Julie hostage. Ned accuses the trio of following him and killing the people he met. He also accuses that Skinny was killed for diamonds, which his killer never recovered. Ned proves that Frizer, who has a short temper, killed all the people who could have known about diamonds. Frizer admits his crimes, upon which the other villains scold him. Ned takes a look at a glass tank containing a gecko and realizes something. He tells the villains that he knows where Niels stored the diamonds. The villains take Ned and Julie to the spot where he had confronted Julie after she showed him a hidden shoebox. While Julie and Ned are in the car, Skeres and Frizer go to get the shoe box. Meanwhile, Poley spots Julie and Ned signalling each other and realizes that they are just playing around. He attacks them, but they overpower him and manage to drive the car towards Skeres and Frizer. Here, Skeres and Frizer are disappointed to not to find the diamonds in the box. When they see the car coming towards them, they realize what is happening and start shooting. Ned kills all the three villains. Meanwhile, Simon finds that Julie and Niels are both missing, but decides to start his final experiment. The experiment creates a rift on the ground. Simon dies, while Ned and Julie drive to safety, barely escaping certain death. In the end, Ned is shown driving the same car with Julie & Fay, whereupon it is revealed that the diamonds were in the glass box containing the gecko. Now, Ned has given the box to Fay while he and Julie intend to live together.