On a dark and stormy night in the 1930s, a number of people gather at an isolated country estate to hear the reading of the will of the wealthy Sinas Cavinder, including: wealthy nephew Burling Famish Jr.  and his wife Pristy ; Pristy's dim-witted lover Teak Armbruster ; big-game hunter Jack Tugdon ; the foppish Lord Partfine ; elderly Mrs. Hausenstout ; kindly Seyton Ethelquake ; and the fragile Sabasha Fanmoore , Cavinder's ward. They are joined by rival reporters Eight O'Clock Faraday  and Billy Tuesday  along with cab driver Happy Codburn , to whom Faraday owes "toity-five cents" . The party grows by two when psychic Mrs. Cupcupboard  and "stranded motorist" Ray Vestinhaus  arrive unexpectedly. The large group gathers in the home's parlor so that lawyer Farper Twyly  can read the will. Before Twyly begins, the guests note the unusual threats surrounding the estate: Sabasha has been the subject of mysterious death threats; a serial killer known as the "Cavinder Strangler" is still at large and in the area; and it happens to be the same night on which the 300-year-old ghost of Sarah Cavinder is supposed to return. Twyly reads the will, revealing that some characters receive trivial gifts and other substantial ones. The bulk of the estate is given to Sabasha, but with the clause that upon her death the estate would then be given to Burling. Twyly then reveals the existence of an additional letter that amends the will; he discovers that it has been stolen, but assures the group that he and only he knows the contents. Before he can recite the letter, the lights are turned off. When they are turned back on, the group discovers that Twyly has been stabbed to death. When Ray tells the group that the only bridge back to town collapsed behind him, Faraday and Tuesday suggest that they all wait until morning for the police to arrive. However, at the stroke of midnight, Pristy is strangled by a masked killer. Dr. Van Von Vandervon  arrives and announces that he's tracked an escaped lunatic to the house, but because of the nature of his work , he is not sure what the patient looks like, or even if it's a man or woman. Over the course of the evening, the group attempts to find both the letter and clues leading to the killer. A seance is held by Mrs. Cupcupboard, but the spirit  is of no help. Mrs. Hausenstout occasionally pops up with a gorilla  in tow, and a police inspector  arrives--and is promptly killed. As the night progresses, Jack, Teak, Seyton and Dr. Von Vandervon are murdered, as is Archie the cook . Happy discovers a woman  locked in an attic room. Although the group assumes she is the ghost of Sarah Cavinder, the housemaid Jane  tells them that she is Thessaly, the confrontational and slightly insane daughter of Sinas Cavinder. Jane also knows the contents of the letter and tells Faraday and Tuesday that the letter makes Thessaly, not Sabasha, the inheritor of the estate. Faraday and Tuesday track down and confront the guilty parties--Burling and Sabasha, who began the night working independently but who later "joined forces" to knock off their rivals to the inheritance. Faraday and Tuesday also deduce that the real Sabasha is dead and that the woman pretending to be her is actually Dr. Von Vandervon's escaped lunatic. Burling threatens to blow up the house unless Faraday and Tuesday turn over the letter, but he is accidentally electrocuted after being confronted by Thessaly. Ray appears and admits that he is actually Bax Tremblay, a police investigator working undercover. He, Faraday, and Tuesday attempt to apprehend the false Sabasha, but she strangles herself to death to avoid capture. The next morning, Thessaly takes possession of the estate. Faraday proposes marriage to Tuesday and she accepts; the two of them agree to share their newspaper "scoop." They are driven away by Happy, who belatedly realizes that because he left the cab's meter running all night, Faraday owes him $87.42.