The story starts with a courtroom scene where Rajat Verma  is being accused of the murder of Sheetal Puri . At this point, Tulsi  steps into the witness box and recollects the whole story. As the film goes into flashback, it is revealed that Rajat is the head of a leading advertising firm. Sheetal is an upcoming model who will stop at nothing to reach the top and stay there. She even makes advances on Rajat, who rejects all of them. Then Rajat meets Mukta  and they fall in love. Rajat and Mukta get married and everything is hunky-dory for some days. Sheetal, however, is unhappy as her need for power is increasing. She starts spreading false rumours about Rajat and her having an affair. Mukta is disturbed by the rumours. Rajat tries to assuage her and assures that there is no such thing going on. However, with each day, Mukta's suspicion and bitterness towards Rajat grow stronger. Finally, Rajat too is unable to take this and calls it quits. The duo go through a divorce and get separated. After that Rajat goes downhill. He starts drinking excessively and causes headlines for all the wrong reasons. Rajat terminates Sheetal's contract with his firm. This causes huge financial losses to Rajat's firm, as Sheetal has become famous and almost no model is ready to step into her shoes. Meanwhile, Mukta discovers that she is pregnant with Rajat's child and starts to repent of what she did. She tries to reconcile, but Sheetal coldly informs her that she has lost Rajat to Sheetal for good, no matter what the case appears to be. When Sheetal learns of Mukta's pregnancy, she sees to it that Rajat never learns about it. All this is witnessed by Tulsi , Rajat's housemaid. She is helpless even as Rajat stumbles deeper into the mess. Little does she know that she is going to be the turning point of rest of the story. Rajat, in utter desperation, decides to launch Tulsi as a new model, as he does not want to renegotiate with Sheetal. Tulsi has no other option but to go along with his decision. Rajat transforms Tulsi and sure enough, Tulsi starts gaining market. Sheetal is naturally enraged by this unexpected roadblock. The rest of the story is all about how Tulsi enters the life of Rajat and how she affects the relation of Mukta and Rajat further. Will Tulsi fall in love with Rajat? Will Tulsi marry Rajat? Will Mukta ever come to know that Rajat was innocent? Will Sheetal play spoilsport to Mukta's life even more? Will Mukta and Rajat ever be able to reconcile? What landed all of them in court?