Lord Datchett is a misogynist who persuades his friend not to get married. He believes woman are vain, trivial and dull. He is irritated when a French film star Colette Marly arrives in London and takes the table in a restaurant he wanted to sit at. He is scathing of her claims in the newspaper that she is tired of publicity and of men pursuing her, believing it to be an attempt to get more attention. He predicts that if she were really left alone she would throw herself at the first man that she met. After being challenged by a man at his club, Datchett decides to invite her to stay at his house aiming to stage a "scientific experiment" and prove his theory right. In real life Marly is genuinely weary of her publicity agent|publicity-seeking agent and is besieged by autograph hunters and journalists. When she receives Datchett's invitation to stay at his house she accepts in the hope of some solitude. After travelling down to his country house with her maid Clair, she is greeted by the butler Jameson and Lord Datchett, now pretending to be Henry Dodds, the estate manager. The other staff have all been roped in to help maintain the deception. Datchett tries to discover more about Marly, but she is at first unforthcoming. Slowly they begin to bond, after they go out riding together and when they are locked in a cellar for several hours and get drunk on brandy. Clair meanwhile flirts with both Jameson and Patrick, the Irish gardener provoking them into jealousy and rivalry. When the Reverend Meadows turns up at the house with a Christening party for whom Datchett has agreed to be a Godfather, Marly discovers who Datchett really is in spite of his efforts to deceive her. At first she plans to leave in a fury, but then decides to play along with Datchett's pretence intending to teach him a lesson. While out boating on a lake, she pretends to be in distress so that he can be a gallant rescuer, but when he knocks himself out it is she who has to rescue him. When Datchett’s elderly mother Lady Datchett arrives he persuades her to join in the ploy which she tries to do without much success. Eventually Marly reveals to Datchett that she knows who he really is. They are both forced to confront their feelings for each other, and he admits he is in love with her. He asks her to marry him, but she reveals it has all been intended to teach him a lesson. He goes away, crestfallen, and she then realises she is in love with. At the suggestion of Clair, Marly stages her drowning for a second time. Datchett is about to return to London after admitting the experiment was a failure when he hears her cries for help. He comes to rescue her, but once again it is she who ends up rescuing him. Once safely on the bank, they end up embracing.