While Cobra Commander and Serpentor blame each other's stewardship of Cobra as the root cause of the organization's failures, a mysterious woman breaks into the Terror Drome. Cobra Commander leads the counter-attack, but in an attempt to rid himself of Serpentor, allows the intruder to escape. Reaching Serpentor, the intruder reveals herself as Pythona, who comes from a secret civilization known as Cobra-La. Pythona states that they were responsible for inspiring Doctor Mindbender to create Serpentor through dream manipulation. At her urging, Serpentor plans to capture G.I. Joe's newest weapon, the Broadcast Energy Transmitter , a device that, when activated, sends out surges of electrical power. Cobra assaults the Joes as they test the BET in the Himalayas. The Joes use the BET to activate their automated weapons systems and defeat the Cobra forces. Serpentor is captured and Cobra Commander orders a retreat. Cobra Commander leads his troops into the mountains, promising them a safe haven. A small detachment of G.I. Joe forces follow them. As the Joes celebrate their victory, a new group of rookie Joes are brought onto the team, including the allegedly clumsy kunoichi Jinx, military police officer Law and his dog Order, former basketball player Big Lob, EOD specialist Tunnel Rat, undercover officer Chuckles, and the rebellious slacker and half-brother to Duke, the green beret Lieutenant Falcon. Falcon and Duke dislike each other due to Falcon's immaturity and irresponsibility. Pursued by a cadre of G.I. Joe troops, Cobra Commander leads his forces to Cobra-La. An army of insect-armor wearing soldiers attack the Joe forces and imprison them within the Lovecraftian living environment of Cobra-La. The Cobra soldiers are met by Cobra-La's leader Golobulus. Golobulus orders Cobra Commander arrested as the rest of the group learns the secret origin of both Cobra-La and Cobra: Cobra-La was an ancient civilization that ruled the Earth, in part due to their advanced scientific knowledge that allowed them to manipulate and convert living creatures into advanced bio-organic technology. Their society was devastated by the onset of the Ice Age, forcing the survivors into caverns within the Himalayan mountains. As centuries passed, Cobra-La rebuilt their society in secret. Golobulus, hating humanity due to their polluting technology and ecologically unfriendly ways, vowed to wipe them off the face of the Earth, and found an agent in the form of a former nobleman who was working on biological weapons of mass destruction. A lab accident caused the nobleman's face to be permanently disfigured with eight additional eyes. Equipping him with a featureless silver facemask that allowed his multiple eyes to work normally, as well as a uniform that allowed him to pass for human, the nobleman became Cobra Commander and was charged with conquering the world for Cobra-La. However, Cobra Commander's repeated failures led Golobulus to arrange for Serpentor's creation, by implanting the inspiration to create Serpentor into Doctor Mindbender's brain with a small creature called a "psychic motivator". Golobulus punishes Cobra Commander for his repeated failures, exposing him to the biological weapon Cobra Commander disfigured himself developing years earlier: mutative spores that slowly transform Cobra Commander into a large snake. He escapes and makes his way to the Joes' camp with Roadblock, blinded in hand-to-hand combat with Golobulus' huge henchman, the Nemesis Enforcer. Zarana is sent to the Joes' main base in disguise, where she seduces Lt. Falcon into letting her view Serpentor's holding cell. Duke catches him in the act and having abandoned his training. Duke ends up putting Lt. Falcon on guard duty until he says otherwise. After Falcon abandons his post to flirt with Jinx later that night, the Dreadnoks free Serpentor with the aid of the Nemesis Enforcer. Lt. Falcon is scolded by General Hawk for abandoning his post which led to some of the G.I. Joe members being hospitalized. General Hawk ends up condemning Lt. Falcon to his quarters until court-martial. With Serpentor freed, Golobulus orders the rest of Cobra to aid him in his scheme to destroy humanity. Golobulus intends to launch mutagenic spore pods into orbit and use the BET to hatch the spores, mutating all of humanity into mindless animals to be controlled by Cobra-La. General Hawk is convinced by Duke to spare Lt. Falcon a harsh punishment. The other generals reassign Lt. Falcon to the "Slaughter House" where he is to be whipped back into shape by Sergeant Slaughter and his "Renegades" consisting of ex-Viper Mercer, former football player Red Dog, and former acrobat Taurus. While on a recon mission to the Terrordome , Slaughter and his crew learn of Cobra's plans. The Joes mobilize to protect the BET, leaving Falcon and the new recruits behind. When Cobra attacks, the recruits take it upon themselves to help the Joes. Cobra mounts a large offensive and steals the BET device. Serpentor nearly kills Falcon, but he is saved by Duke at the last moment. Taking the attack meant for Falcon, Duke falls into a coma. Falcon, the Renegades and the new recruits head to the Himalayas to stop Cobra-La. The G.I. Joe team is led to Cobra-La's lair by Cobra Commander, who loses his mental faculties as he mutates. The new recruits prove themselves as valuable soldiers as the Joes rescue their captured teammates and foil Golobulus's plans as he gets away. Old scores are settled as Jinx defeats Pythona, Sgt. Slaughter battles and defeats the Nemesis Enforcer and Falcon causes Serpentor to lose control of his air chariot and is sent hurtling out of Cobra-La. Together, Slaughter and Jinx enable Falcon to reconfigure the BET to incinerate the spore pods in space, destroying them. The machine overloads, destroying Cobra-La. As the Joes celebrate their victory, Doc announces that Duke has come out of his coma.