Jacob and Anna are college students in Los Angeles who become a couple. Anna is a British exchange student who, having fallen in love with Jacob, a design student, spends the summer with him, overstaying her student visa after it had expired on graduation. She returns home to London for a family obligation, and when she flies back to Los Angeles as a tourist she is detained, denied entry, turned away, and sent back to England by Los Angeles airport immigration officials, throwing the couple into an awkward and strained long-distance relationship. Anna is banned from entering the United States for this prior violation of having overstayed her original visa. The deep love of the couple is strained by the distance and frustration of not being able to see each other except when Jacob can make the time away from his successful design business in Los Angeles to visit Anna in England. Anna's family in England hires an immigration lawyer to try to get the ban lifted and allow Anna to return to Jacob in the United States.{{cite news}} Anna's father suggests that marrying may help to get the ban lifted. Upon Jacob's return to the US, and after an undisclosed time, he begins a relationship with someone else, a work colleague . Anna continues to struggle with her feelings for Jacob and eventually phones him up suggesting that they should marry, that no other relationships that they experience are like the one they have together. Jacob returns to the UK once again and marries Anna in a small court ceremony with her parents as witness. They are told to wait 6 months before appealing the ban on Anna's visa again, and Jacob returns to the UK after these 6 months for the appeal, which is again unsuccessful and the relationship of Anna and Jacob is compromised. They again begin relationships with other people, but Anna and Jacob still feel a profound connection with each other. Anna gets promoted at her work to a position that she is really happy about. Anna's boyfriend at the time, Simon, proposes to her. Shortly after, Anna finds out from her lawyer that her ban from the United States has finally been lifted. She gives up her job, her current boyfriend and her apartment and she returns to Los Angeles to Jacob. Jacob greets Anna at the airport with flowers and the two have the reconciliation that they didn't have after Anna was first banned, although it seems to lack the passion you see earlier in their relationship. Reunited and without any legal impediments to being together, Anna and Jacob are shown to be starting a life together. The film closes with the two in the shower reminiscing their initial courtship. They appear somewhat strained likely because their journey together has had many ups and downs. The movie ends with both characters reflecting back on a cascade of clips of their initial encounters together. The future of Jacob and Anna's relationship is unclear.