Stephen Meyers  is the junior campaign manager for Mike Morris , Governor of Pennsylvania and a Democratic presidential candidate, competing against Arkansas Sen. Ted Pullman  in the Democratic primary. The candidates are campaigning in Ohio. Both campaigns are attempting to enlist the endorsement of North Carolina Democratic Sen. Franklin Thompson ([[Jeffrey Wright , who controls 356 convention delegates, enough to clinch the nomination for either candidate. After a debate at Miami University, Meyers is asked by Pullman's campaign manager, Tom Duffy , to meet in secret. Meyers calls his boss, senior campaign manager Paul Zara , who doesn't answer. Meyers leaves a message that something important has come up. Meyers decides to meet Duffy, who offers Meyers a position in Pullman's campaign, an offer Meyers refuses. Zara calls Meyers back and asks what was important, but Meyers says it was nothing to worry about. Meyers starts a sexual relationship with Molly Stearns , an intern for Morris' campaign and daughter of Jack Stearns , the chairman of the Democratic National Committee. Meyers admits to an angry Zara that he met with Duffy, and that Duffy said his candidate, Pullman, will offer Thompson the position of Secretary of State, guaranteeing Pullman's victory. Zara and Meyers discuss the matter with Morris, saying they must make the same offer to Thompson to secure his endorsement and his delegates' votes. Morris refuses, as he thoroughly disagrees with Thompson and his policies, and wants a "clean" campaign without such deals. Late one night when Molly is in his room sleeping, Meyers discovers that Morris is trying to call her. She and Morris had a brief sexual liaison at a campaign stop in Iowa several weeks previously, and Molly is now pregnant by the Governor. Meyers helps her with money for an abortion but warns her not to tell anybody. Meyers also fires Molly from the campaign. Ida , a reporter for the New York Times, reveals to Meyers that an anonymous source leaked his encounter with Duffy to her and that she will publish unless Meyers gives her all of the information about his meeting with Thompson. Meyers comes to Zara for help, believing the story would damage himself, Zara, and the campaign. Zara reveals that in fact he leaked the meeting to Ida with Morris' approval in order to force Meyers into resigning from the campaign, stating that he did this because Meyers was disloyal for meeting with Duffy. An angry Meyers then offers his services to Duffy, who admits he only met with Meyers in order to influence his opponent's operation and had no intention of hiring him. He suspected that Meyers would tell Zara about the meeting which would lead Zara to remove Meyers from Morris' campaign. Should this happen, Duffy correctly surmised, the Morris campaign would be weakened and, as a result, Pullman's would be strengthened. Before dismissing Meyers, Duffy encourages the younger man to quit the business before he becomes a cynic. Meanwhile, Molly learns that Meyers has been fired and fearing that he will reveal her pregnancy, takes a fatal drug overdose. Since both sides used him, Meyers goes on the offensive. Unbeknownst to the Morris campaign, he meets with Thompson to arrange for Thompson's delegates in exchange for a spot on the Morris ticket. Meyers confronts Morris, telling him that he will expose the affair with Molly if Morris does not accept his demands: fire Zara, place Meyers in charge of the campaign, and offer Thompson the role of Vice President. Morris resists, but Meyers claims that he has a suicide note found in Molly's room. Morris relents and meets all of Meyer's demands . Later at Molly's funeral, Zara compliments Meyers on his cynicism and skill in using secrets to his advantage. Later, Thompson's endorsement  makes Morris the de facto nominee despite losing the Democratic Party's Ohio primary election . Now senior campaign manager, Meyers is on the way to a remote TV interview with John King when Ida ambushes him and says her next story will be about how Meyers' delivered Thompson and his delegates and got his promotion. Meyers reacts only by having security bar her from coming any further. Meyers takes his seat for the interview, just as Morris finishes a speech about how integrity and dignity matters, and is asked for insight as to how the events surrounding the primary unfolded. The film ends before he answers.