A woman named Helen , who works at the zoo, tells her boss Mr. Sutten  that she doesn't think it's right for the animals to be trapped there, she argues that they should live in houses like humans. After a failed attempt at disposing of her with a trapdoor, Mr. Sutten gives her three animals, Mark the Polar Bear , Paul the Alligator , and Warren the Ostrich , and makes a deal - If she can take them home and prove they are able to conventionally live in a house like the average human, he will shut down the zoo and release them all. Helen takes the animals back to her apartment for the night and leaves them with a manual on how to live there, telling them she'll check up on them again in the morning. The animals first find her washing machine and dryer, which Mark goes into assuming it's where he is supposed to bathe when the others question what it's for. When he comes out, he feels dizzy from the spinning and bumps into a shelf, knocking a bottle of floor wax onto the ground, causing the slippery wax to then spill across the floor and prevent them from being able to get up. Somebody then appears at the door, and upon trying to get over and answer it the three animals find they slip over every time. Mark tries to resolve the problem by kicking Paul and Warren across the room, but this causes disaster when they crash straight through the door and knock the man down the stairs. At the bottom the man tells them he had come to offer them spiritual enlightenment, which Paul declines, claiming he heard it's "high in sodium". Later, Mark takes some ice from the fridge and puts it on his bed in an attempt to make it feel more like his bed at home. During the night, however, all the ice below him melts and floods the apartment, as well as waking up the others. The water then reacts with an electrical outlet, causing a fire. In attempt to stop the fire, Paul checks Helen's manual, which tells them in the case of a fire the apartment's sprinkler system will start automatically. The sprinkler then turns on, which resolves the fire but contributes to the flood. Now desperately trying to work out how to prevent the flood from getting even worse, Paul reads aloud that the sprinkler system will turn off manually, but he misunderstands the meaning of the word, asking "Where are we supposed to find a man at this hour?" Warren suggests that if they wait, the sprinkler system may just turn off by itself... The next morning Helen arrives back at the apartment, seeing water flowing out from underneath the door as she arrives. When she opens it, much to her dismay a huge gush comes out and washes her away, after which she finds her apartment in a huge mess. Helen asks the animals "What on Earth happened?" with Paul responding "We had a little accident", although Warren attempts to lighten the situation by reassuring her that they "kept the place intact". This is soon proved wrong when Mark leans against the wall, his hand going straight through it and consequently causing the entire building to collapse. The cartoon ends with a disappointed Helen breaking the fourth wall, saying "This is going to be tougher than I thought".