Brad Harris , a computer programmer based in Baltimore, responds to his ex-wife's hard-to-swallow engagement announcement by telling his parents he's going to do a big year. The same plan is being discussed between a roofing contractor named Kenny Bostick  and second wife Jesse , the current big year record holder fearing his record of 732 species is to be topped. Stu Preissler , founder and CEO of a company bearing his name, sits at his Manhattan office headquarters, talking fondly of his hobby of birding, his colleagues made aware of his pressing desire to set a new big year record which is to commence after New Year's. At his parents' house over dinner, Brad reveals to his father  he has begun his big year and the travel costs necessary to undertake his dream have already been budgeted. His father objects, feeling his 36-year old cash-strapped son should instead focus on his career. Brad is resolute, however, encouraged by his mother . After receiving notification of a Xantus's Hummingbird sighting, Stu is unsuccessfully tempted by his former company colleagues  to return to New York City. Unbeknownst to Stu, Bostick arrives at the same house in British Columbia. Bostick again comes into contact with Stu when the two men are aboard a birding boat. Aware he may have a fellow birder on his tail, Bostick engages in antics to worsen Stu's seasickness. Brad befriends a nauseous Stu and also meets for the first time fellow birder Ellie . Bostick's wife attempts to gain her husband's attention back on the home front, informing him she has decided to hire out a rival contractor to begin work on remodeling their home. Stu is also pressured again by his former company, this time onsite, begging him to return to help close a deal. Reluctantly, he agrees to depart for two days. The three birders all rush to the Gulf Coast area to view fallout of birds before a storm. Hundreds of birders flock to the area, including Ellie, much to Brad's delight. After spending the day together, Brad and Stu dine together, when Brad discloses he is currently doing a big year. Stu decides against sharing the same, fearing his new-found friend may innocently reveal to Bostick his own pursuit. While birding in Coos Bay, a friend of Brad's  comes to discover Stu's growing list and posts a picture of him to his website, which makes Brad aware that Stu is pursuing a big year . Feeling hurt, Brad divulges Stu's goal to Bostick while the two are aboard a plane on their way to Attu Island. Stu was booked on the same chartered flight but narrowly missed it, largely held up by his work. His disappointment only worsens watching local news anchormen stating the storm created prime birding conditions on Attu. Meanwhile, A Rustic Bunting is sighted on the island by Bostick. Stu arrives days later and makes amends with Brad, wanting to remain friends. He encourages Brad in his pursuit of Ellie, who also made the trip, as well as suggesting they team up so at least one of them can break Bostick's record. Ellie calls Brad to inform him a Pink-footed Goose has been spotted in Boston. Any thoughts he had of pursuing her are dashed, however, when she and her boyfriend pick him up from the train station. Stu and Brad meet up again, finding out each has totaled more than 700 species thus far, and bump into Bostick but are soon outwitted by him in their attempt to a see a Blue-footed Booby, causing the two to form an alliance, the well-heeled CEO paying for a helicopter ride to see snowcocks. Upon landing, Brad is notified his father suffered a heart attack and returns to be with him. His father comes to affectionately view his son with a new found respect after hearing Brad explain his love for his favorite bird, the American Golden Plover. Bostick's wife awaits him at a fertility clinic, but despite their agreement, Bostick cancels on her at the last minute after being notified a Snowy Owl, his most coveted bird, has been spotted and would also help allow him in breaking his own record. When he returns home, he finds the constant traveling has been too taxing on his wife, whom he suspects may have become involved with the contractor working on their home, despite her statements quite to the contrary. Calling from his home, Stu phones Brad with the final big year results. Bostick is first with 755. Coming in second, Brad laments "he got more birds, but we got more everything," as he looks at his new love interest, Ellie who's come for a weekend visit. Stu smiles, staring at his wife. The film ends with the new couple gazing through binoculars, Stu hiking with his toddler grandson birding enamored by birds of the Rockies, and Bostick on a birding adventure in China, seemingly alone.