On the death of the pope, the conclave meets in Rome. Early ballots end with black smoke, since none of the main candidates reaches the quorum. After several rounds of voting, Cardinal Melville is elected, though he had not previously been considered a frontrunner. At the moment of the public announcement, with the faithful are gathered in St. Peter's Square and the cardinal proto-deacon ready to announce the name of the new pope, the newly-elected pope has a panic attack and fails to appear on the balcony. The spokesman of the Holy See evades questions from the press and the curiosity of the outside world by reporting that the new pontiff felt the need to sequester himself in prayer and reflection before taking office, and by explaining that he will make his official appearance within a few hours. This does not happen. In accordance with the laws of the Church, until the pope appears before the people on the balcony, the ceremony of election is not over and no one in the conclave can have contact with the outside world. The College of Cardinals, deeply concerned by the crisis and the depression from which the new pope seems to be suffering, calls in the psychoanalyst Professor Brezzi. The cardinals react to the psychoanalyst with some suspicion, but still allow him to examine the new pope. Brezzi, in the presence of the cardinals, tries to initiate a psychotherapy session which, however, fails to reveal anything to explain the depression and helplessness that plague the pontiff. Brezzi reveals that his ex-wife is also a psychoanalyst and the newly elected pope is taken secretly to see her, but escapes his minders and runs away during a walk. Unaware of his absence, the cardinals kill time by playing games, ranging from cards to an international volleyball tournament organized by Brezzi. Vatican spokesman Marcin Rajski makes everyone believe that the Pope is in his quarters in prayer, and eventually the cardinals find Melville and give him another chance to announce his acceptance. However, when Melville comes out onto the balcony he declines his new position, claiming "I am not the leader you need," and retreats back into St. Peter's.