Several American GIs plan an escape from a German Prisoner of War camp. One of them, Sgt Richardson is actually a German named Lt Von Kroner who is working undercover spying on the prisoners and polishing up his American English. Reporting an imminent escape to the Camp Commandant to prevent their deaths, Von Kroner is told he is being removed from the camp as part of a top secret project gathering all fluent English speaking members of the Wehrmacht for an unstated reason. Von Kroner is sent to a German castle with others for Operation Grief, called "Operation OK Butch" in the film where they will dress in American uniforms and spearhead the Ardennes Offensive by committing sabotage, confusing enemy forces and seizing key objectives for the attacking German forces. Assisting in the training, Von Kroner is assigned a team of three other men with various skills including a Waffen SS Officer, Wilitz who regales his comrades with stories of his exploits in terrorising unfortunates whilst a member of the Brown Shirts. Von Kroner's team's activities and the initial German assault meet success but both soon run into unexpected difficulty. Von Kroner's forged orders are countermanded by a decimated American infantry company of the 23rd Infantry that forces them into being replacements whilst the bad weather making the German assault successful ends with American air power attacking the Germans. In their new unit Von Kroner meets his two fellow American prisoners Sgt Ludwig and Cpl Ennis who said they were the only survivors of their escape that the Germans knew about and ambushed. Obtaining plans against the American attack against a strategic crossroads, Von Kroner warns the Germans by radio of the American attack but is ordered to stay with the Americans to ensure their attack fails. Von Kroner's team sabotage a jeep with a bomb killing the company commander, and attempt to destroy the unit's other vehicle, a weapons carrier that arouses Ludwig's suspicion. The company attacks a German position with Wilitz using the opportunity to shoot their lieutenant in the back placing Ludwig in command. Several German prisoners are taken with Richardson/Von Kroner volunteering to take them to Battalion headquarters. He returns to tell his comrades that the prisoners didn't want to escape; they wanted to surrender to the Americans with Von Kroner taking them in. A furious Wilitiz insists that Von Kroner should have shot the lot of them. With news of German infiltrators behind American lines spreading, Ludwig is further suspicious when Wilitz doesn't know what the American "hot foot" is.