Julie Kohler  is introduced to us trying to kill herself by leaping from an upstairs window, only to be stopped by her mother  before she can jump. She is in black clothing and in obvious grief, but the reason is not yet revealed. Suddenly, Julie changes her attitude and informs her mother of her decision to take a long trip to forget. Yet, apparently, this is not really what she has in mind, since she gets on the train in the presence of her young niece and then right afterwards steps down from the other side. From this point on it is clear that she has something else in mind. The next time we see her, her hair is changed, she is in white and looking for a man called Bliss. Bliss , a ladies' man, is having a party on the eve of his wedding, but when Julie shows up mysteriously uninvited and aloofly attractive, he cannot resist the temptation to approach her and try to find out whether she is a figure of his past. While they are alone on the balcony of Bliss's high-rise apartment, she tells him her name as she pushes him off the balcony to his death. She leaves before anyone else realizes what has happened. Her next victim is Coral , a lonely bachelor, whom she lures to a concert by leaving a ticket with his concierge. After the concert, they agree to meet the following night. Coral can't believe his luck. Before their rendezvous, Julie is seen buying a bottle of liqueur and injecting the contents of a syringe into it. When she meets Coral at his apartment, she serves him the poisoned liqueur and watches as it takes effect. When he collapses in agony, she reveals her identity to him. He begs for his life, explaining that it was all an accident. We then see a wedding procession pause on the steps of a church, at which time a single shot rings out and the groom falls to the ground. As she travels to her next victim, Julie is seen crossing off a name in a little black book. She cases the next victim, Morane , by following his wife and young son as they walk home from school. She befriends the boy, and lures the wife away by sending a fake telegram that the wife's mother has fallen ill. Julie arrives at the house posing as the boy's teacher and offers to cook dinner for Morane and his son. She responds calmly to the boy's claims that she's not really his teacher with some details that she had learned from the boy earlier, so Morane is not suspicious. After dinner, she plays hide-and-seek with the boy, hiding in an enclosed crawlspace underneath the stairs, before putting him to bed. As she is leaving, she "notices" that she has lost a ring. Morane helps her look for it, checking the crawlspace where she had hidden earlier, at which point she suddenly closes the crawlspace door and locks Morane inside. She reveals her true identity, and he pleads for his life. Finally, it's revealed that Julie's husband was killed by an accidental shot by Delvaux , one of a group of five friends that included Bliss, Coral and Morane. The five men had been hunting and were carelessly horsing around with one of their rifles in their room across the street from the church. They were horrified by the accident, and quickly disbanded, hoping never to have to confront their guilt. Remorselessly, Julie duct-tapes the gaps in the door frame, sealing Morane inside to suffocate. As she waits for Delvaux to approach her in his junkyard, where she plans to kill him with a handgun, he is arrested by the police. She puts a question mark next to his name in her book, and moves on to the fifth member of the hunting group: Fergus , an artist. He thinks she is a model sent by his agency, and she models for him as the huntress Diana, eventually shooting him in the back with an arrow. She cuts her face out of the painting, keeping with her habit of covering her tracks. She then finds a mural Fergus has painted on his wall that depicts her reclining in the nude. She starts to paint over the mural's face, but then decides not to, and leaves. At Fergus' funeral, she allows herself to be caught. She calmly admits to the police that she has murdered all four men, but does not reveal why. The film moves to a prison, where a soup cart is making its rounds. At each cell, the door is opened, and the prisoners are given some soup and some bread. Julie is revealed as a prisoner in the women's wing, and Delvaux is revealed as a prisoner on the men's side. When it is Julie's turn to work in the kitchen, she hides a knife on the soup cart. The cart makes its rounds, and turns a corner out of sight. After a brief pause, a man is heard screaming, and the movie ends.