Ragini  and Uday  go to a secluded house, set deep inside a forest, for a weekend of fun. Upon arrival, Ragini and Uday discover worms in their bag of food, but neglect it. Uday has plans of recording a video of Ragini and him having sex, without her knowledge, so that he can fulfill his dream of becoming an actor. However, they are interrupted by Ragini's friend, Piya and her boyfriend, Vishal. Vishal was told that the house belonged to a lady who was accused of being a witch, and subsequently killed by her family. However, she returned as a vengeful ghost and murdered her entire family. After a bash of music, dance and beer, Vishal senses eeriness in the house and leaves with Piya. Uday then handcuffs Ragini to the bed. While they are kissing, Uday's hair is pulled by someone, and he realizes that there is another presence in the house. Ragini spots a camera in the room and realizes Uday's intentions. She is unable to do anything, as the key goes missing, leaving her tied to the bed. As matters worsen, Uday runs away, leaving Ragini alone in the house. The spirit does not let him escape however, and Uday returns upstairs, bruised. The ghost enters Uday's body and makes him commit suicide. Ragini struggles to unlock herself from the cuffs before sunrise. She finds the key under the bed, but fails to get it. The next night, the ghost attacks her again, but she manages to break free by cutting her wrist with glass. Ragini escapes the house and runs away, screaming for help. When she sees a car, she chases it, but finds Vishal dead inside. After trying to start the car unsuccessfully, she hides in an old well where she finds Piya's body. The ghost then grabs her and brings her back to the haunted house. The ghost tells that she is not a witch, she did not kill her children, she will not leave her house, and that she will not let others get out of her house alive. Ragini slowly rises up in the air and is slapped and thrown around by the ghost. The ghost then tries to make her commit suicide, but Ragini is able to stop her and toss the weapon away. Ragini stays suspended against the wall all night. As the sun rises, she slips down to the ground, having survived and is free to escape. On-screen text reveals that after a few days, a local boy finds Ragini unconscious and takes her to the hospital. She had to go through intensive psychiatric treatment for 10 months, and then agreed to tell her story.