In an enchanted forest, a unicorn  learns that she is the last of her kind and decides to embark on a quest to learn what has become of the other unicorns. The Unicorn discovers from the addled dialogue of a butterfly  that a demonic animal called the Red Bull has herded all of her kind to the ends of the earth. Venturing into unfamiliar territory beyond the safety of her forest home, she begins a journey to find them and bring them back. Along the way she is captured for a time by the witch Mommy Fortuna , and is put on display in the cages of the witch's Midnight Carnival. The unicorn later makes friends with Schmendrick , an incompetent magician under the services of Mommy Fortuna. While most of the attractions there are simply normal animals with a spell of illusion placed on them , Fortuna has managed to capture the immortal harpy Celaeno  as well. The Unicorn eventually escapes and in the process, frees Celaeno, who kills Fortuna and her henchman Ruhk . The two of them later gain a second traveling companion, Molly Grue , the care-worn lover of bandit leader Captain Cully  of Greenwood Forest. When the Unicorn nears the seaside castle of King Haggard, supposed keeper of the Red Bull, she comes face to face with the Bull, (which turns out to be a monstrous fire elemental. At the last moment before her final surrender and capture, Schmendrick's unpredictable magic transforms her into a mortal young woman. In this human guise, the Red Bull is uninterested in her and departs. The change has disastrous consequences on the Unicorn who suffers tremendous shock at the sudden feeling of mortality in her human body. Schmendrick, Molly Grue, and the Unicorn  proceed to Haggard's castle and seek entry. King Haggard  is at first unwelcoming, and Schmendrick introduces the Unicorn only as his niece Lady Amalthea. Schmendrick requests that the three of them stay there as members of Haggard's court, only to be told that all of the royal complement has long since been dispatched: the only remaining occupants in the castle are Haggard, his adopted son Prince Lír , and four ancient men-at-arms. Haggard consents to lodging the trio, replacing his more competent on-call wizard with Schmendrick, and setting Molly Grue to work in his scullery. After a while, Amalthea begins to forget her identity and her reasons for coming to the castle, and eventually falls in love with Prince Lír. Caught in a complex web of newfound emotions, she struggles with thoughts of abandoning her quest for the sake of mortal love. Haggard confronts Amalthea in private conversation, hinting at the location of the unicorns, yet from the waning magic in her eyes, he has doubts regarding his previous suspicions that she is more than she seems. Molly ends up learning some clues on the location of the Red Bull's lair from a talking cat . Going through a secret passage in a broken clock in the castle basement, Schmendrick reveals Amalthea's true identity to Lír after explaining what they are looking for. Lír, however, isn't moved at all and says that he loves her anyway. This makes Amalthea want to abandon the quest and marry Lír, but Lír believes that the quest cannot be abandoned. The Red Bull soon appears, but is no longer deceived by Amalthea's false human form and chases after her. When Amalthea trips, she hurts herself and can't run any further.As Lír struggles to protect her, Schmendrick turns Amalthea back into the Unicorn, but she is unwilling to leave Lír's side. The Bull drives her toward the ocean, just as he earlier drove all the other unicorns, but she manages to run away and the bull gives chase. Lír, still in love with her, tries to defend her, but when he gets between them and blocks the bull's path, the bull doesn't stop and Lír is killed. Enraged, the Unicorn aggressively turns on the Bull and forces him into the sea. Carried on the white surf of incoming tides, the other unicorns emerge en masse from the water, causing Haggard's castle to collapse into the sea as they rush past, with Haggard falling to his death from the crumbling castle parapet. On the beach, the Unicorn magically revives Lír before she departs for her forest. Schmendrick assures Lír, now the king, that he has gained much by winning the love of a unicorn, even if he is now alone. The Unicorn briefly returns to say goodbye to Schmendrick, who laments that he has done her wrong by burdening her with regret and the taint of mortality. She disagrees and thanks him nonetheless for having helped to restore unicorns to the world, and though she is the only unicorn to feel regret, she is also the only unicorn to know love. The ending credits begin after Schmendrick and Molly watch the Unicorn depart for her home in the woods.