{{Plot}} Several unidentified dead men dressed as Santa Claus are shown in various positions. Flash back to six days earlier, Nick and Rudy are cellmates in prison three days away from release; Rudy is incarcerated for grand theft auto. Nick has been corresponding with a young woman named Ashley, who is waiting for him on the outside. When Nick is killed during a prison uprising, saving Rudy’s life in the process, Rudy takes his place and lets the beautiful Ashley think he is the one who has been writing her the love letters. Before long, Rudy discovers that pretending to be Nick was not such a good idea after all, as some fellow criminals intend to use him for their own purposes—robbing the casino at which Nick used to work. Gabriel, the leader of a gang who assaults Rudy and Ashley in their cabin, claims to be Ashley's brother, rather than an old enemy of Nick's as Rudy initially assumes. Rudy tries to tell them he is not Nick, but Ashley continues to confirm he is and that she wrote to him knowing Gabriel was going to kidnap and force Rudy to assist in the robbery. Rudy, while furious with Ashley, is reluctantly forced to go along with his ruse since he knows his is worthless to Gabriel as Rudy. While Nick and Rudy were cell mates, Nick had told Rudy many stories of being back home and working at the casino. Using the information from Nick’s stories, Rudy is able to devise a plan to rob the casino. Rudy informs Gabriel that the biggest loot is hidden inside a safe in the manager’s office called the “PowWow” safe. On the night of the robbery, Rudy breaks out of his holding in order to find a way to arm himself as he knows Gabriel will still have him killed when the robbery is over. During this task, all he finds is a knife but he also he stumbles upon Gabriel and Ashley together and learns that Ashley is in cahoots with Gabriel. Rather than being the reluctant, abused sister that Rudy initially thought she was, she is actually Gabriel’s girlfriend, who was planning to set up Nick. The group robs the casino, each dressed as Santa Claus. Rudy, forced to take part in the robbery, hides the fact that he knows Ashley’s secret. Shots are fired and security guards and Santas are shot. Ashley drives into the Casino killing two policemen who have shown up and lets Nick/Rudy know she is in on the heist. All meeting in the casino manager's office, Rudy’s true identity is revealed when Gabriel introduces him to the casino manager as Nick. However the manager recognizes that he isn’t Nick and tells Gabriel. Gabriel, furious at Rudy’s deception, spares him for a moment when he demands to know where the "PowWow” safe is, where Rudy had earlier claimed contained embezzled money. When Rudy correctly guesses it is behind the manager's liquor cabinet, Gabriel has the manager open the safe. When he opens it, the manager grabs guns from inside and kills one of the robbers as the rest flee. Rudy kills another one of the robbers and is then grabbed by Gabriel and Ashley who tie him up in their 18 wheeler truck. They plan to drive him off the edge of a cliff in a burning vehicle located in the truck with a little of the money so that officials will guess all had been burned. Rudy scolds Ashley for her selfish and manipulative ways saying Nick truly loved her and how dare she plan to hurt him this way, but she lost in that Nick died happy and in love. Ashley then fires back, pointing out Rudy’s hypocrisy as he pretended to be Nick  after Nick saved his life. Rudy then realizes he never told Ashley that Nick saved his life. Gabriel knows this and questions Ashley as to how she knew that. Realizing that she just slipped up too much information, Ashley shoots and kills Gabriel. As she continues to prepare Rudy for going over the edge, Nick appears, having staged his death at the prison. Rudy learns that the two had collaborated to rob the casino using Rudy and other thieves. Ashley had known the entire time who Rudy truly was. Nick also informs Rudy that the 6 months of stories were to set him up to take his place and Nick knew he would because Rudy is predictable. After they tie Rudy to the steering wheel to drive off the cliff, he produces the knife he had gotten earlier and begins to cut his bindings. He hot wires the car and reminds them that putting a car thief behind the wheel isn't a good idea. He then sets it to reverse and crushes Nick. After Ashley begins firing at him, he rams the car into her and dives out of the vehicle as the car with her on the hood goes over the edge of the cliff. Nick, still alive but seriously injured, tries to convince Rudy that they can share the money, Rudy locks him in the truck and also sends it over the cliff, resulting in an explosion. Rudy picks up the stolen cash and begins distributing it in mailboxes he comes across on the way home.