A happily married couple, Ellie  and Nick Denato  are living in the wildlife of Africa with their young daughter Melissa . Even though they have everything that they had ever wanted there, they return to San Francisco so Nick can focus on his career as a photographer and she can give birth to their second child. Soon, life goes on a downward spiral for the high-powered, two-career couple, as Ellie is not satisfied in their surroundings. She misses her life as a doctor in Africa and suspects that Nick is not faithful to her when Scott's young and attractive assistant Robin  arrives. When his partner Scott  convinces Nick to go on a business trip to Nepal for six weeks, she reluctantly accepts the situation. Shortly after his departure, Ellie suffers a miscarriage. Instead of dealing with her loss, she feels scattered and disconncted, pretending that nothing has happened and she even claims that Nick should have never returned from Nepal to support her. The marriage continues to crumble, and Nick eventually commits infidelity by sleeping with Ellie's best friend Eileen , the one woman who took care of him when his wife did not. To worsen the matters, Ellie changes her behavior shortly after, realizing that she was a "maniac" and mistreated her husband and loves him very much. When Ellie finds Nick's watch in Eileen's bed, she finds out about the indiscretion. Left with a broken heart, she takes Melissa and leaves for Africa, despite Nick and Eileen's attempts to assure her that their one night together meant nothing. In Africa, Ellie throws herself on her work and meanwhile raises Melissa. Six months later, Eileen is out of the picture in Nick's life, and he is still devastated by his wife's absence. Ellie, however, enjoys life and falls for the charms of French doctor Etienne . She accompanies him to London, where she walks into Nick and Robin at the airport. Initially, Ellie refuses to speak with Nick, though he is able to tell her that cheating on her has been the biggest mistake in his life. Ellie, nevertheless, goes through with the divorce and even takes off her wedding ring. However, she is unable to consummate her relationship with Etienne due to the past, much to Etienne's frustration. Meanwhile, Nick and Robin grow closer, but he rejects her when she wants to sleep with him, explaining that he is still in love with Ellie. The following morning, Nick is informed that his uncle Vito  has died. Simultaneously, Ellie and Melissa return to San Francisco for a short stay. There, old memories, dedications and an emotional funeral make Ellie realize that Nick still loves her very much. Even though she kisses him, she is not ready to take him back and says goodbye. Instead, she travels to Paris to meet with Etienne. After spending one night with him, she packs her stuff and returns to Africa. Nick accompanies her there shortly after, and reunites with her.