Daffy is relaxing in a pond with a group of mallards. Suddenly a gunshot goes off and all the ducks dunk their heads underwater for cover . Porky enters and lets off another shot, which sends the other ducks flying away. Porky then takes aim at Daffy and orders him out. When Daffy comes out , he quickly disarms Porky and tells the hunter that he's no ordinary duck and then shows this off by "singing", "dancing", and "acting" . When this gag is over, Daffy offers to read the bumps on Porky's head, providing the bumps himself! Porky then tries holding a shotgun to Daffy, but Daffy responds to this threat by looking inside the shotgun to see a woman in a bathing suit. When Porky takes a look, he sees Daffy in the same pose! Porky shoots Daffy out, and Daffy runs back to the pond, where Porky cannot chase him. Daffy is underwater singing when he notices Porky has jumped in with a diving helmet. Daffy then walks up to Porky as "the Fuller Brush Man!", and knocks on Porky's helmet. When Porky tells him to "come in," Daffy opens the front of the helmet, causing Porky to jump out and start bailing out the water with a bucket. Eventually, all the water is gone, and Daffy flips around like a fish out of water. When Porky refuses to 'believe' that Daffy is a fish, Daffy counters that he doesn't believe Porky is a pig - he believes that Porky is an eagle. After the gag where Daffy switches what Porky says, Porky decides to prove that he's an eagle by jumping off a tree. When this doesn't work, Porky uses up all his ammo trying to shoot Daffy. However, he still has his "trusty six-shooter." Before Porky can kill Daffy, Daffy asks to say goodbye to his wife and kids. Letting out a Tarzan type yell , his wife and three kids come to say a tearful goodbye. Porky then walks away, feeling that he'd be a rat if he were to shoot Daffy. Just as he's out of sight, the "wife and kids" reveal themselves to be four friends of Daffy's, all with derbies and cigars. Their laughter is interrupted by Porky's shooting at them with his shotgun, and all five of them jump around, "hoo-hoo"-ing as they jump into the lake.