A clan of ninjas finds an abandoned treasure chest that had been washed onto shore, inside of which was a white infant boy. An ancient legend spoke of a foreigner who would come among the ninja and become a master like no other. The white orphan boy, Haru , is raised amongst the ninja, with the expectation that he may be the one of whom the legend speaks. As Haru grows into adulthood, doubts are quickly cast over him for being Japan's most notorious great white ninja. Although Haru does possess some ninja traits, he is clumsy and does not really fit in, and fails to graduate a ninja with the rest of his class. Left alone to protect the temple while the clan are on a mission, Haru disguises himself as a ninja when a blonde American woman who comes to the temple to seek the services of one. The woman, Sally Jones , is being suspicious of her ex-boyfriend, Martin Tanley , and sends Haru to a Tokyo harbor to investigate. Haru finds out that Tanley and his staff, Nobu  are involved in a counterfeiting business and witnesses a murder. The clan are angry and disappointed with Haru's actions when Tokyo police realize that Haru is responsible for the murder. However, Haru admits that Sally was in trouble, despite that her name is a pseudonym. Haru departs from Tokyo to Beverly Hills to search for Sally. Gobei , Haru's adoptive brother and the best ninja in his class at the beginning of the film, is sent by the clan to watch over and protect Haru. Haru has trouble adjusting to Western culture, but checks in at a Beverly Hills five-star hotel, where he befriends its employee, Joey Washington , and teaches him some ninja lessons. Haru sets out on his search for Sally, convinced that she is in trouble. Haru eventually finds Sally, but she distances herself from him. Haru tracks Tanley and Nobu to a night club in Little Tokyo, where they are trying to get back a set of counterfeiting plates from their rival gang. Unfortunately, Haru finds himself as the suspect of a second murder. Haru return to the hotel the next day and meditates to communicate with his sensei  for guidance. Haru resumes his quest to search for Sally, and finally tracks down Tanley's mansion. Upon entering Tanley's mansion, Haru speaks with Sally, whose real name is Alison Page on her license plate. He eventually begins to trust her again, and Alison tells Haru that she accused Tanley for killing her sister. That night, Haru and Alison escape a gun-fight at a Japanese restaurant, where Tanley and his henchmen sees Alison there. Haru and Alison have their retreat at the hotel for the night. The next day, Haru disguises himself as ink specialist Chet Walters  and Tanley takes him to his warehouse, where Tanley soon finds out that Haru is "the fat ninja that everyone is talking about". While Tanley is in the process of getting the other half of the plates that night, Alison rescues Haru from the back of Tanley's van. However, Tanley kidnaps Alison during the process, and Haru must find his way back to Tanley's warehouse to rescue Alison, but since he was blindfolded during his first trip, Haru must recreate his ride by memory and enlists his help of Joey and without knowing that Gobei is also hiding in the trunk. After Joey accidentally drives the convertible through a horse race and a car wash, he and Haru start over. Gobei gets out of the trunk after Haru is blindfolded, knocks Joey out, and drives the convertible to Tanley's warehouse. Haru uses his momentum of a large palm tree to jump into Tanley's warehouse, while Gobei also makes it in by using stealthier methods. Haru and Gobei fight Tanley's henchmen together until Haru is reminded that he should be rescuing Alison. Using a forklift, Haru smashes two holes in the wall of the room where Tanley holds Alison hostage, almost setting off the bomb. Haru attempt to defuse the bomb, but accidentally resets it for five minutes. Haru leaves Alison for four minutes to help Gobei, who is surrounded by Tanley's henchmen. Haru jumps off the railing and eventually lands on an axe-wielding henchman who attempt to kill Gobei and suddenly becomes an adept ninja when Gobei gets hurt by Nobu and his henchmen. Haru and Gobei defeat one henchman with their help from Joey, who also jumps into Tanley's warehouse and eventually lands on one of them. Haru and Gobei has two minutes to fight Tanley, who has a gun. Haru cuts the rope of a winch to aim for Tanley, but the hook accidentally knocks out Gobei instead. Blocking Tanley's bullets by swinging his two swords, Haru successfully incapacitates Tanley. Haru return to the upper level to rescue Alison. Using a huge harpoon gun mounted on a cart, Haru shoots a harpoon through the room and inadvertently lands in the back of a truck where Tanley attempt to escape from his warehouse. After capturing the bomb, the cart lands into Tanley's truck and explodes seconds later. Haru successfully rescues Alison, and Tanley and his surviving henchmen are arrested. Sometimes later, Haru talks to his sensei about returning to Beverly Hills to live with Alison and where the place do not have ninjas there. Haru and Alison later ride together on the bus, which accidentally drags a rope tied into Gobei's wheelchair. Haru shouts an apology to Gobei, who is thrown into the ocean at the end of the film.