The cartoon begins inside a house. In there, Oswald and the living female stuffed doll are enjoying together, playing a piano. On their instrument are a dancing candle stand and two mice playing the accordion. At a laboratory only a few miles away, a mad scientist completes construction of a robot and activates it. To the his surprise, the robot began swinging punches at him. The mad scientist, however, is able to evade the attacks and stops the humanoid machine with a punch of his own. He soon learns that his creation needed one more thing, a heart. Back in Oswald's place, the two friends decided to play hide-and-seek. Oswald was "it" and the doll became the one to hide. While the rabbit counts, his playmate has yet to look for a hiding place. Without a warning, the doll gets captured through an opened window by the mad scientist who then leaves a sack inside before fleeing. Convinced that the doll was hiding in the bag, Oswald approach and opens it. To his amusement, what comes out was a marching flute player. As the rabbit goes to find his friend, he notices a strand of thread on the window sill which he follows. The thread is fact the trousers of the mad scientist who will later appear in spotted shorts. At the laboratory, the mad scientist has the doll wedged in a vise and attempts to perform surgery on her, i.e. take out her heart and place it in the robot. But before he could start, the nefarious inventor sees through his surveillance device that someone came to his facility. Oswald reaches just outside of the laboratory after the following the whole thread. Upon knocking on the door, a trap activates, causing him to fall into a shoot, leading towards the basement. In an attempt to slaughter Oswald, the mad scientist waits for the little rabbit's arrival at other end of the shoot, preparing to swing an ax. The mad scientist swings but misses. From there, the chase begins. Oswald runs through several corridors of the laboratory. While approaching an intersection, he sees something white popping in and out of the left corner. For his defense, Oswald picks up a nearby urn. There was indeed a skeleton innocently sitting on a rocking chair by the left corner, but the mad scientist, who was coming from the corridor in that direction, pulls it away, and walks into the intersection. Upon seeing what entered his hallway, Oswald tosses the urn. The mad scientist was strucked right in head and was knocked cold. Oswald finds a rope and ties one end of it around his pursuer's leg, with the other end around a lion's tail. The lion runs in place, hanging the mad scientist above the floor. Oswald, at last, found the chamber where the doll was held. He loosens the vise and frees her.