The story revolves around a miser parents  who want their son  to marry a rich girl, for dowry. But son ends up marrying a poor girl antagonizing his parents. How son changes his parents outlook forms rest of the story. Santosh is the son of Muttiah Bank Janardhan and Subbalakshmi , who are staunch misers. Muttiah owns a shop, called 'Oorubaglu General Stores'. Santosh likes to keep the shop as he loves Sangeetha, son of Shankar Shastry, a musician, whose house opposite Santosh's shop. Santosh spends his time sightseeing and he's hostile towards costumers when he's sightseeing. His friends -'Chitke' Seena, Raja, 'Razor' Manja, Nanja and 'nanjappan maga' Gunjappa. They help Santosh to gain Sangeetha's affection. However, Muttiah and Satyabhama decide to marry Santosh to his uncle's daughter Sundari for dowry. However, Santosh disagrees to marry any girl for dowry as he wants his wife to be the love of his life. Santosh succeeds in marrying Sangeetha by hoodwinking his parents. Later, with the help of his friends, he starts to enjoy his married life. But, Muttiah and Satyabhama decide to cheat Santosh and create a feud between Santosh and Sangeetha. They make Sangeetha assume that Santosh is having a sexual relationship with Sundari. Meanwhile, they make Santosh assume Sangeetha is having a extramarital affair. Santosh investigates this and he assumes that Sangeetha is having an affair. Due to this, Sangeetha goes back to her maternal home. Soon Santosh find's out about this, and, with the help of his friends, makes his parents realize that good values are more important than money. Later, after he makes his parents realise their mistake, his uncle finds that Sundari is pregnant. He allegedly accuses Santosh of impregnating Sundari. However, this is not the case as he had told his friends to loaf and flirt with Sundari to enlighten his parents. Later, Santosh arranges for the marriage of Sundari. in the climax, Santosh finds that Gunjappa had impregnated Sundari and he is forced to marry Sundari. Thus the movie ends in a happy note .