{{See also}} The film opens in 2010 with a frame story, with Republican strategist Steve Schmidt being interviewed by Anderson Cooper for 60 Minutes. Cooper poses a difficult question regarding former vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin: was she selected because she would make the best vice president or because she would win the election? The film flashes back to Senator John McCain's 2008 presidential campaign, which Schmidt serves as Senior Campaign Strategist. McCain's preferred running mate, Senator Joe Lieberman, is rejected by the majority of hos senior advisers – including Schmidt – because he will not excite the Republican base nor help compete with the celebrity of their opponent, Democratic Senator Barack Obama. The strategists quickly look for a "game change": a replacement who would tilt public excitement in their favor and attract both women and conservative voters. Investigating prominent female Republican politicians, the campaign finds Palin, the governor of Alaska, to have the charismatic qualities they want. After an exceptionally brief vetting process, she is selected. Palin's eventual public reveal creates the buzz that Schmidt and McCain were looking for, bringing them to even or better with Obama in the polls. While Palin's acceptance speech at the Republican National Convention is well received, the campaign becomes concerned that she is ignorant about many political issues and grossly unprepared. Schmidt handles controversies from her past, such as Troopergate, while other staff attempt to fill broad gaps in her understanding of domestic and foreign politics. At times she is preoccupied with her approval ratings in Alaska and the absence of her family while campaigning, eventually becoming unresponsive to advisers who begin to question her mental state. Several prominent blunders in major interviews, such as those with Katie Couric, are a source of mockery in the media and frustration in the campaign. Schmidt opines that YouTube has altered the media landscape in that Palin's gaffes are seen online repeatedly rather than being forgotten in the news cycle. In the latter months of 2008, prospects for the McCain campaign look poor. The campaign staff boosts a negative campaign against Obama's past associations with the liberal elite, which Palin supports but McCain resists. The staff also comes to accept that Palin is better at memorizing and delivering lines than she is at understanding issues. However, Palin's growing popularity soon overshadows the campaign; Palin becomes uncooperative, rejecting Schmidt and the rest of the campaign staff as she gains her own following. McCain, meanwhile, becomes discouraged by the negative campaigning, watching growing hostility and vitriol emerge toward Obama among McCain's supporters. With Election Day approaching, senior campaigners express regret that Palin turned out to be style without substance, with Schmidt bemoaning that they neglected to vet her competency. McCain consoles Schmidt by reaffirming that taking a risk with Palin was better than fading away. When Obama wins the election on Election Night, McCain and his advisers stop a rebellious Palin from giving a concession speech along with McCain's, claiming it was unheard of for a vice-presidential candidate. The film returns to the 2010 interview as Schmidt answers Cooper's question about whether he would pick Palin again if he had the chance to do it over. Schmidt replies that life does not give you do-overs.