In a distant galaxy, a starship tries to find the evil Count Zarth Arn. The ship is attacked by a mysterious weapon which drives the crew mad and they kill each other. Meanwhile, outlaw smuggler Stella Star and her sidekick Akton run into the Imperial Space Police led by robot sheriff Elle. Akton and Stella escape by jumping into hyperspace. They happen to find one of the escape pods from the opening scene starship with one survivor. But they are shortly apprehended by the police who followed their hyperspace trail. Tried, convicted and found guilty of piracy, they are sentenced to life in prison. Stella manages to create a diversion and escape the prison colony. She is then found by Police Chief Thor and taken to an orbiting ship where she is reunited with Akton. They are contacted by the Emperor of the Galaxy, who thanks them for recovering the starship survivor and are granted clemency if they help find the other three missing escape pods, one of which contains the Emperor's son. The Emperor is in a feud with the rogue Count Zarth Arn, who has a secret weapon on a remote planet, which he will use to take over the galaxy. With Chief Thor and the robot Elle accompanying them, the Emperor orders Stella and Akton to find the Count's secret weapon as well as rescue his son who may still be alive. Stella and Akton travel to many systems trying to find the escape pods and the Emperor's son. On the first planet, a jungle world, Stella is abducted by a tribe of Amazonian warriors, who shoot Elle, leaving him for dead. But robotic Elle does not die and makes his way to the throne room of Corelia, Queen of the Amazons, and takes her hostage to secure Stella's release. She and Elle are chased by a giant robot, but are rescued by Akton and Thor. On a frozen planet, Stella and Elle investigate the second escape pod crash site, but after finding no survivors they find out Thor is a spy for Count Zarth Ahn. Thor subdues Akton and traps Stella and Elle outside where he knows they will freeze to death come nightfall. But Akton revives and kills Thor. But the sun has already set, and the surface of the planet is frozen solid. Elle keeps Stella alive by keeping her in suspended animation. The next morning Akton is able to go outside and bring Elle and frozen Stella back onto the ship where she is successfully thawed out. On the last planet where the third escape pod landed they find it's also the location of the Count's secret weapon. Stella and Akton are attacked by barbarian tribesmen who hack Elle to pieces and abduct Stella. She escapes and flees to a nearby cave where she is meets a man wearing a golden mask who shoots the tribesmen. He is revealed to be the sole survivor of the crash, the Emperor's son, Simon. Akton arrives having fought his way through the barbarians and starts a lightsaber duel with Simon, unaware of his identity. Simon proves his relation to the Emperor and the trio set off to find the Count's secret weapon. Arriving at an underground laboratory, Stella, Akton and Simon are caught by the Count's soldiers. The Count reveals his plan to use them as bait to bring the Emperor to the planet. The count will then have his weapon self-destruct, destroying the planet while he escapes to conquer the Emperor's homeworld. The Count departs, leaving behind two personal bodyguard robots to keep the group there. Akton engages the two in a lightsaber fight, but is mortally wounded. The Emperor arrives but is aware that the whole planet is mined with nuclear bombs. He uses a device to block the bomb timers for three minutes to give Stella and Simon a chance to make it back to their ship before the planet detonates. Standing beside the Emperor on his flagship, Stella watches a huge space battle between the Emperor and the Count's massive space station, just as the Count attacks the Emperor's homeworld. The count's attack is a failure, though. The Emperor's soldiers storm the Count's space station, but are overwhelmed and killed by the Count's massive reinforcements. With no options left, the Emperor decides that the only way to stop the Count is to collide one of his space stations into the Count's, destroying them both. Stella and Elle volunteer to steer an abandoned space city into the Count's and destroy it. Stella and Elle manage to escape from the space city's bridge just as it crashes into and destroys the Count's space station, finally winning the war. Stella and Elle are picked up the Emperor's son Simon, who is overjoyed that Stella survived once again and they agree to get married and begin a new era of peace for the galaxy.