 In a remote village in Orissa, the villagers condition remain unchanged. Poverty & illiteracy have fostered their dependence on superstition. Most of the villagers have mortgaged their land to the landlord Janrdhan. Fear of traditional authority and sense of abject helplessness keep the villagers from protesting against their condition. perhaps it is such as muted rebellion that sent Malia mad. Janardhan's greed and the inability of the villagers to protest in the face of injustice, creates a situation where many of the villagers are forced to become contract labourers and the leave the village to earn a livelihood.Haria. who has no other means of raising money to give a dowry at his daughters marriage, has to join this band. Heleaves his family with a heavy heart. His young son exclaims,‘Father, you will go to the city' You will see the wide roads, the big buildings, the coloured lights!. Hiding his grief, Haria promises to bring back gifts for them from the city. in the meanwhile Bhamar antagonizes Janardhan, when to pay back his loan to he goes to work in the stone quarry instead of working for free on Janardhan's land. Janardan sees to it that he loses his Job. His real intention is to take over the last piece of land that is not mortgaged to him. Bhamar's land. While Bhamar fights for his survival in the village, his daughter Phoola finds herself drawn towards a young man in the employ of Janardhan. One day when they meet in secret, they me spied upon and Phoola is recognized. There is in scandal in the village as a result, Janardhan takes this opportunity to get Bhamar ostracized in the village, especially since he has tried to defend his daughter in public against Janardhan's allegations. When Bhamar discovers that the allegations are true, that it really was his daughter who was meeting a man in the village in secret, he is shattered. He goes back to Janardhan to mollify him. But Janardhan is not prepared to listen. He makes it clear that unless Bhamar clears his loan, he will not he allowed to enter his own fields. He will also have to pay the penalty for his arrogance in the next village meeting. Left with no other alternative, Bhamar decides to leave the village and take up the job of a contract labourer. But before Bhamar can leave the village Haria, a contract labourer comes back suddenly one night. He has been ill, but they forced him to work all the same. Haria escaped to come home and rest for a few days, though he knows that he cannot escape the clutches of his new employers for long. The children huddle around him in the hope of gifts, but their father has come empty-handed. Looking at his son in despair he says. 'Yes. son. I have seen the wide roads and the coloured lights. But they took us fur away from them to a place where one has to work till the time, from dawn to dusk. Bhamar and Phoola wait at the little station near the village. Phoola will go to her uncle’s home and Bhamar to hard, back-breaking toil. As they wait for the train, Phoola wmeeps. 'Don't cry. my daughter' says her father. 'Look ! Look, there lies our village. My grandfather was born there, so was my father. I was born there too. I have to come back there one day to take possession of my land!'