The story is on the concept of karma and bad deeds. It follows Viren Sahai , underworld don who rules over India. His son Abhir  is spoilt and believes he can do anything due to his father's power. When Viren's enemy Khan  attacks Abhir, Viren demands revenge. The plot then moves onto the life of a simple cook, Shekhar Bhatia  who is married to Dr. Kavita . Shekhar lives with his parents, wife and his adorable younger brother Aryan , who is just as spoilt as Abhir. When Aryan runs away from home, Shekhar searches the whole city to find him. During his search, he witnesses Viren attacking a cinema theater as Khan is inside it, and Shekhar begins to help the innocent people who are being shot in the theater. He helps them out to the hospital, and as Viren sees him helping the people, he believes Shekhar is part of Khan's gang, and Viren shoots Shekhar however he survives. Viren also shoots Khan's nephew, and as Khan escapes, Viren also flees. As Shekhar, who is in critical condition, is trying to reach home to his family before he dies, he is run over by Viren's car accidentally and Shekhar dies. When Aryan arrives home, he realizes Viren has murdered Shekhar, and he loses his temper. Together, Aryan and his group of friends form a gang and kidnap Viren's family including Abhir. However, Abhir escapes and reaches to his father. Since the police decide to help Viren, Aryan's plan fails. Aryan tries not to do harm to any of his family member as he knows how precious they are, though Viren's wife suddenly dies of suffercation. Viren believes Aryan is responsible for this, and takes his whole gang, and starts a huge war with Aryan and his gang. The war breaks out, and Khan enters. As Viren murders Khan, he realizes that his son Abhir was part of Khan's gang all along. Abhir tries to shoot his father Viren, but Aryan rescues Viren and kills Abhir. He leaves the scene, and as Viren demands Aryan to kill him now, Aryan ends the film on a note on karma, and explains his punishment is not death, but life as he has nothing to live for. In the end, Aryan becomes a cook like his late brother and him and his friends start to work in the same canteen Shekhar used to work in.