Eddie Coyle  is an aging, low-level gunrunner for a crime organization in Boston, Massachusetts. He is facing several years in prison for a truck hijacking in New Hampshire set up by Dillon, who owns a local bar. Coyle's last chance is a sentencing recommendation from an ATF agent, Dave Foley, who demands that Coyle become an informer in return. Dillon also is an informer for Foley. A gang led by Jimmy Scalise and Artie Van has been pulling a series of robberies in broad daylight at suburban banks, Coyle having supplied them with pistols. Another gun runner, Jackie Brown, is supplying Coyle, who demands more guns from him as the gang ditches their pistols after each job and needs a fresh supply for each heist. Jackie goes to great lengths to get Coyle what he needs while taking an order from a young hippie couple shopping for submachine guns. Coyle finds out about the submachine guns when he picks up the pistols from Jackie and offers to set up Jackie for Foley to avoid jail. In a train station's parking lot, while waiting to deliver the submachine guns, Jackie is apprehended by Foley and his men. Coyle feels he has fulfilled his end of the deal, but Foley claims it is not enough. He wants more information or else it is prison for Coyle. A bank manager has been killed during a heist by the Scalise-Van crew and they are now wanted for murder. In desperation, Coyle agrees to inform on his friends Scalise and Van, but Eddie is too late offering Foley this information as he already was tipped off and caught the gang in the act of executing a heist. Dillon meets with an intermediary of "The Man", the mob boss, in the parking lot of an MBTA station. Dillon is ready to finger Coyle for betraying Scalise and Van, but it turns out they already have Coyle's name as Scalise believes Eddie snitched on him. Dillon tells the intermediary that he was afraid that Coyle was going to inform on him to stay out of jail and expresses his opinion that Coyle gave up Scalise and Van instead, confirming the mob's view of Coyle's guilt. "The Man" wants Coyle murdered immediately, by nightfall, and is offering the contract to Dillon because of Dillon's reputation as a "good" hit man. Despite the danger in offending The Man, Dillon balks due to the short time-table and a promise of payment after the hit. Dillon insists on $5,000 upfront for killing Coyle. The intermediary tells Dillon he will get back to him after talking to The Man. A despondent Coyle arrives at Dillon's bar, knowing that prison is now inevitable. While Eddie drinks, they discuss the arrest of Scalise and Van. Eddie feels sorry for them, but Dillon is unsympathetic. He reminds Eddie that no one felt sorry for him when he was arrested and tells him that he likely will receive a light sentence of two years and will be out in eight months. Dillon takes a phone call from the mob confirming the contract and the upfront payment. To set up the hit which has to be carried out that night, Dillon tells Eddie that the phone call was from a friend who can't make it to the Boston Bruins hockey game that night. Dillon offers to treat his "friend" to a night on the town, taking him to dinner and the Bruins game to "forget your troubles." At the Boston Garden, Eddie is becoming intoxicated on beer. After he leaves to use the restroom and get another round, Dillon is joined by a young man he has told Eddie is his "wife's nephew" who will be joining them at the game, but who is late. He is a young hood who is being groomed by Dillon and will be in on the hit. When Eddie returns to the seats, he is sloppy drunk  and sentimental. He soliloquizes about Bobby Orr, the hockey great who helped lead the Bruins to two Stanley Cup victories in 1970 and '72 . Can you imagine being a kid like that? What is he, 24 or something? Greatest hockey player in the world. Number four – Bobby Orr. Geeze, what a future he’s got, huh? Eddie has no future; he will soon be dead and the future belongs to the young hoodlum that is Eddie&#39;s potential replacement as a criminal associate of Dillon.{{cite web}} After the game, Dillon and the young hood exit the Garden with an inebriated Coyle as Dillon explains that he has arranged an assignation with a couple of girls in Brookline. Eddie is equivocal and tells Dillon he has parked his car in the South End. The &#34;nephew&#34; offers to give them a lift. In the car, Dillon asks a drunk and sleepy Eddie where his car is parked, but Eddie does not respond, haven fallen asleep. Dillon gives instructions to the young hood on how to drive out of the city to Quincy. As Dillon explains the machinations of the hit and the young hood&#39;s payoff, the drunk Eddie sleeps in the front passenger seat; using a .22 caliber revolver, Dillon shoots Coyle inside the moving car. They leave the car with Eddie&#39;s body outside a bowling alley and split up. In the final scene, Foley meets with his informant Dillon at the Boston City Hall plaza and thanks him for giving him Scalise. He also says that it&#39;s all right if Dillon cannot tell him about what happened to Eddie Coyle.