As with the first film, the second focuses on the cursed house of the Saeki family. The curse was caused when Takeo Saeki murdered his wife Kayako Saeki, son Toshio Saeki and the family cat Mar before being hanged by Kayako's vengeful Onryō . Karen Davis, an American careworker, became involved in the curse and attempted to burn the house down to end it, only to be hospitalized. In the first part, her ill mother hears the news about her and sends Karen's sister Aubrey to bring her home. Aubrey struggles to speak with the Japanese hospital staff so a journalist, Eason, translates for her, having dragged Karen from the house fire, and who is curious about the house himself. Aubrey briefly speaks with Karen ]] who gets into a panic due to telling Aubrey not to go into the Saeki house and has to be strapped to her bed. Karen manages to get free and escapes to the roof, pursued by Kayako's ghost who throws her off the building to her death in front of Aubrey and Eason. Eason explains the curse to Aubrey, venturing to the house to retrieve Kayako's old diary. However, Aubrey is lured into the house by Toshio, who grabs her and pulls her inside the house, and becomes cursed like Eason. Taking the diary to an associate, Eason and Aubrey learn Kayako's mother Mrs. Kawamata was a priestess who exorcised evil spirits from cursed people using Kayako as "bait" . Planning to visit Mrs. Kawamata later, Aubrey falls asleep in Eason's apartment whilst he develops some photographs of the Saeki house. However, Kayako emerges from a photo and kills Eason. The next day, Aubrey finds Eason's body and hugs it, but it suddenly becomes Kayako. She then runs out of the darkroom in horror as all the pictures show Kayako's face. Aubrey flees to find Mrs. Kawamata. She finds the elderly woman in a rural village, but Mrs. Kawamata explains the curse is irreversible. She realizes Aubrey brought Kayako with her, and tries to murder her herself, only to be suddenly stopped by Kayako  - a motive which will be revealed later. After calling her mother for a final conversation, Aubrey ventures into the Saeki house. She demands to know the motive of the curse and enters a flashback, seeing Karen walking into Kayako's bedroom, looking for her boyfriend. Aubrey follows her and shouts at her not to enter, but instead meets the evil Takeo Saeki in Kayako's bedroom, reading Kayako's diary. Takeo attacks Aubrey, breaks her ankle and forces her to crawl downstairs just like the original victim, before he catches up with her, seizes her hair, and breaks her neck. Toshio watches as Takeo kills Aubrey, and drowns him just like before. Before she dies, Kayako comes out from another room and looks down at Aubrey with her wide, staring eyes. In the second part, two years later, three schoolgirls, exchange student Allison, vain Vanessa and her friend Miyuki, visit the Saeki house to challenge the rumors that it is haunted. However, Vanessa and Miyuki trap Allison in the house's closet where Toshio and then seemingly Kayako appear. The girls flee the house and are haunted by the Saeki family. Miyuki is killed by Kayako while staying at a love hotel with her boyfriend, who is showering. When she leans back, feeling something in her sheets, she rests her back on the mirror, then suddenly Kayako reaches out from the mirror behind her and drags her into the glass. Allison and Vanessa are spoken to by the school counselor Ms. Dale, but the distraught Allison runs off, followed by Ms. Dale. Vanessa is terrified when Toshio calls her using Miyuki's phone, and she quickly runs to a public phone booth and tries to call Miyuki from there. However, Kayako's death rattle is heard on the other line, causing Vanessa to drop the phone in horror. Suddenly, Toshio grabs her legs and she is consumed by Kayako's hair. Allison later speaks with Ms. Dale in her office about the house. She tells Mrs. Dale that the curse has consumed Miyuki, and Vanessa, but discovers that Mrs.Dale went to the house and says that there is no curse, making Allison believe that she will be Kayako's next victim. Suddenly, Miyuki and Vanessa appear on either side of Allison as ghosts and Ms. Dale becomes a ghost and makes a loud moaning noise. Realizing that Ms. Dale has also been killed by Kayako, Allison flees the office. In the third part, 6 months later, in an apartment block in Chicago, Jake Kimble is disturbed by a strange presence in the building. His father and stepmother Bill and Trish are influenced by the curse, Bill becoming convinced that Trish is having an affair. However, his confrontation is short-lived when Trish wallops him with a frying pan, killing him. Sally, best friend to Jake's sister Lacey is also affected and dies. Jake is mostly fearful of the hooded stranger seen in the apartment of the Flemings, Jake's neighbors. The stranger covers the windows in newspaper. Jake and Lacey return from school to find their apartment in a mess. Jake finds his father's body, then finds Lacey who was drowned by Takeo's evil spirit and then Trish appears in the tub as well, who tells Jake that it's time for his bath, before Toshio pulls her underwater. Fleeing his apartment, he finds out that the Flemings are dead and finally confronts the hooded stranger, revealed to be Allison. It`s then revealed that Allison is still alive, but completely consumed by the curse. In the final sequence, Allison tells Jake that the curse had followed her and is revealed that Aubrey is the new onryo, but Jake's eyes widen with horror when he sees Toshio's eye in Allison's hood. Aubrey's ghost then consumes Allison by pulling her inside her hood. Jake, left alone in the corridor, picks up Allison's discarded hoodie, Kayako emerges from it, uttering her death rattle, and looms towards Jake.