Christopher Brooke, portrayed by Robert Shafer, is a ten-year old boy genius who has invented a two-way telepathic device. The apparatus permits direct visual and thought communication between one wearing the device and another wearing the same mechanism. The second wearer experiences exactly what the first one experiences. The U.S. Military believes this to be a positive development for air defense and has scheduled an official test of the unit. Christopher and his friend, Misty Somers ' attend as his pilot friend, ace air pilot Zach Taylor ', helps with the Government analysis.  Unbeknownst to Zach and government officials, a shadowy criminal organization led by a sinister figure known only as the Spider Woman ' plots to steal the invention and kidnap Christopher. To carry off her scheme, the villainess enlists the help of Major Thompson ' one of the Spider Woman’s operatives. Her chief henchman, Wade ' attempts to steal the device following the test. However Zach, returning from the airbase, foils the plot. Thompson quickly removes Christopher and Misty from the test area before others can learn of his duplicity. The Spider Woman instructs Thompson to change cars and provides instructions as to where the stolen device is to be transferred. Following the auto exchange from a limo to a convertible, the kids are shoved to the floorboard and covered with a tarp so they remain unseen. Under cover of the tarp, Christopher dons the helmet used in the testing so others can see and hear what he does. Thompson is unaware than that the boy genius’ invention is being monitored. Back at the trial site, the military test supervisor General John Arnold ', realizes that the children and invention are missing and issues an all points alert. Zach catches up with the Spider Women’s mob before they can escape. Wade engages Zach in hand-to-hand combat causing both to fall from the precipice of a tall building. Wade dies but Zach manages to grab a ledge before he plummets to the concrete. He nearly slips from the edge but is saved by General Arnold and Dr. Richard Evans . Dr. Folwell informs the others that Christopher’s telepathic device is working but is unworn. Zach suggests that Folwell continue to monitor the signals and wear the remaining helmet in the advent someone else should put it on. Zach and General Arnold take to the air in an attempt to find the car used in the kidnapping. At the same time, they maintain contact with Dr. Folwell in case Christopher can get through. Christopher and Misty plot to inform others of their location. The boy waits for the opportune moment and then suddenly stands as Misty throws off the tarp. Christopher quickly looks around hoping that the images he sees are being transmitted to others back at the military test site. They are and as soon as Dr. Folwell obtains their location, he transmits the data to Zach and General Arnold. Thompson realizes what the boy has done and smacks the child to the floorboard. In the meantime, Zach locates the escaping car and aerially pursues the vehicle. In a daring rescue effort, Zach makes several close passes at the car – virtually flying at car level. Thompson removes a heat laster from the car and fires repeated at the aircraft, nearly hitting it on several occasions. Christopher lurches upward and with Misty’s help, knocks the weapon from Thompson’s hands. Misty shoves herself forcibly into Thompson as Christopher leaps into the front seat of the car. As he settles into the seat, he spins and delivers a strong martial arts kick to the driver's head, sending him flying out of the car. Christopher quickly moves behind the steering wheel. General Arnold has taken control of the plane as Zach crawls to the outside. Zach sees Christopher remove the car's driver and immediately dives from the low flying plane. He lands atop Major Thompson in the back seat and as they struggle, the driverless car heads for a steep cliff. Christopher swiftly grabs the steering wheel and pulls hard in the other direction as he tries to apply the break. This sends the car into a wild spin, which barely misses the cliff but does pitch Thompson overboard. As the car comes to a stop, Zach leaps from the car onto Thompson, knocking him unconscious. The Spider Woman calls Thompson to get an update but her message is intercepted by Zach who promises that they will track her down. She knows she has lost and screams with rage as the scene dissolves to a press conference where Christopher Booke and Misty Sommers’ quick action is being recognized. One of the reporters asks about the identity of the Spider Woman. General Arnold affirms that authorities do not know but that her men are talking and authorities expect to take her into custody soon. Hidden in the reporters is the Spider Woman, disguised as one of them. She watches as Misty kisses Christopher on the cheek. The boy turns a bright red as the Spider Woman slips away into the dark recesses of an adjacent corridor. The villainess glares hostilely once more as the screen fades to black and the closing credits.