Housemates Mickey and Donald are six months behind on their rent payments. As they worriedly pace the floor, a sheriff arrives, played by Pete, and serves them a "Notice to Dispossess" authorizing him not only to evict them, but to sell off their belongings as collateral. He menacingly strikes a match on Donald's bill to light his cigar and leaves. While Pete is outside putting up signs for cheap furniture, Donald and Mickey decide to move before Pete can take their belongings. Soon, Goofy, employed as an iceman, arrives with a delivery and Mickey and Donald enlist his help and the use of his truck. While Mickey struggles with an overloaded suitcase, Goofy tries to load an upright piano onto the truck, but the piano keeps rolling out of the truck when he leaves it unattended. Goofy eventually discovers the piano to have a mind of its own. Meanwhile, Donald, in his haste to pack everything he sees, grabs a gas heater which was attached to a gas line in the wall. Seeing the leaking gas, he casually plugs it with a toilet plunger, but the pressure in the line shoots the plunger out and it sticks to Donald's bottom. He struggles to remove the plunger, but soon finds himself grappling with a fishbowl instead. Just as Donald is able to free himself, he gets his bill stuck in the leaking gas line. His body fills with gas like a balloon until he shoots off the pipe and flies around the room. Outside, Pete hears the commotion, comes inside, and orders them to leave immediately. Unaware of the gas leak, he again strikes a match on Donald's bill to light another cigar. The catastrophic explosion which follows destroys the house, yet miraculously seems to throw most of Mickey and Donald's possessions into the back of Goofy's truck. As they are driving away, Pete, sitting amid the wreckage with a "For Sale" sign over his head, yells after them from a second story bathtub, but accidentally turns on the shower head drenching himself in hot water. As Donald laughs at Pete's misfortune, the same toilet plunger from before landing on Donald's bottom.