The film begins with Simon  and Greg  planning to take a boat to an island rave party. They meet up with Alicia , Karma  and Cynthia . Karma has a crush on Simon, Simon has a crush on Alicia and Cynthia is Greg's girlfriend. When they arrive at the dock, they find the boat to take them to the island has already left. They hitch a ride instead with Victor Kirk  and his first mate Salish . A cop named Jordan Casper  tries to stop them since Kirk is a smuggler, but they leave anyway. Arriving at the island party site they find it a deserted mess. Alicia, Karma and Simon start searching for the others leaving Cynthia and Greg behind. The two start to making out in a tent, but Greg leaves to urinate. Left alone, Cynthia is killed by a group of zombies. Meanwhile, the others find an old house. Inside, they find Rudy , Liberty  and Hugh  who tell them zombies attacked the rave, killing everyone. The six go back to the rave site to get the others. Meanwhile, Salish is killed while walking through the forest. Everyone else meets up at the rave site. Cynthia shows up but she's become a zombie. She kills Hugh but is shot by Casper. They develop a plan to leave the island using Kirk's boat. But they find Kirk's boat overrun by zombies. Casper and Greg leave the group to go find help, but Greg is killed. Kirk later takes the group to a hidden box of guns. Once everyone is armed, they head back to the house. The front of the house is filled with zombies. Liberty and Casper are killed in the ensuing fight while the rest manage to make it inside. Kirk hears Salish whistling outside. He goes out and finds Salish as a zombie. Kirk then commits suicide by blowing himself up, opening the front of the house. The remaining four lock themselves in a lab, but the zombies break in. Karma finds a hatch in the floor. She, Alicia and Rudy climb down while Simon shoots a barrel of gun powder, blowing up the house, a lot of zombies, and himself. They find themselves in a series of tunnels. Making their way through the tunnels, Karma is killed by zombies as she holds them off so Rudy and Alicia flee. They're later captured by a man named Castillo "wearing Greg's face as a mask" who injected himself with immortality serum many years ago, creating the first zombie. Alicia and Rudy escape, blowing the tunnels up in the process, but they're followed by Castillo. Alicia gets into a sword duel with Castillo and he stabs her in the heart. Rudy decapitates Castillo, thinking the fight is over. But Castillo is still alive and his headless body begins to strangle Rudy. Alicia, who is barely alive, crushes the Castillo's head under her feet, finally stopping him. She then seems to die. Later, Rudy and Alicia are seen being rescued by a team of federal agents. Rudy reveals his last name to be Curien . The ending narration reveals that Rudy gave Alicia the immortality serum and that is why she is alive.