Taking place shortly after the original, a professor at the fictional Cuesta Verde University has managed to subdue and contain a "Hyper sapiens" specimen . The professor experiments on the survivor, trying to determine the source of her immortality, with apparent disregard for the rotted state of her body. When he has created a serum that he believes will bring back the dead and grant immortality, he murders one of his students and brings her back to his lab. He cuts off all of her clothes and then he injects her with the serum. She returns to life and infects the professor, then breaks out of the building and, while naked, begins infecting students when they try to help her. A month later, the university has a full-fledged outbreak, which is confirmed by AMC reconnaissance teams. Ellis, an agent for AMS, goes in search of his fellow agent, Alexandra Morgan, also known as Nightingale. He finds her on a date at a restaurant, but before his arrival, the cook was bitten by the infected professor while on break. Alexandra is forced to execute the zombies on site, and returns to base with Ellis. They are ordered by Colonel Jordan Casper to retrieve a blood sample from the originally infected specimen on campus, warning that missiles will level the campus at midnight, regardless of whether the agents are still present or not. She assigns a gender-mixed Special Forces team of U.S. Marines to provide them with backup. Ellis openly questions the competence of the soldiers, leading to friction between the two units. Upon arrival at Cuesta Verde University, the soldiers encounter zombies. Their newest member, an overweight private who has no combat experience panics and falls to the ground. A second member of his team engages the zombie, but his M16A4 is knocked away before he can fire. He and the zombie engage in hand-to-hand combat. The zombie is killed, but is able to bite the soldier on the hand. He attempts to hide the injury, but is discovered and his arm is severed in an attempt to stem the infection. He transforms into a zombie despite the amputation, and bites the squad medic, before both are executed by Ellis. The team continues forward into the university proper. They proceed to battle through the hordes of infected, splitting into two teams to search for the original zombie. Two female soldiers, Lieutenant Henson and Private Rodriguez, and a male soldier, Bart investigate the dorms. They break into a female dormitory where they find the deceased naked body of a zombie. Bart attempts to pose and have a picture taken with the corpse, and is bitten by a mosquito trapped in the room. Fearing contamination, but unwilling to execute Bart, who is threatening them with a handgun, Henson handcuffs Bart to a radiator and the two soldiers exit the room, falling back to the van. Meanwhile, the second team, including Ellis and Alexandra, are attacked multiple times. Eventually, every soldier escorting them is killed, including the leader of the unit, Sergeant Griffin. They fight their way to the professor's laboratory, and find the original specimen still imprisoned, as well as a pair of students who had survived. They enter the confinement room and extract blood from the zombie, but are forced to kill it when it breaks free. The two students who had allowed them into the confinement room are overrun and torn apart by zombies, and the two agents escape while the zombies are feeding on the bodies. As this occurs, Henson and Rodriguez make it to the extraction vehicle, a van. There, they prepare to rescue the agents, but Rodriguez is bitten by a zombie who was locked in the back of the van by the soldier assigned to guard it. Henson executes Rodriguez, and the duo arrive in front of the science building as Ellis and Alexandra fight their way through a horde of zombies. The agents make it to the van, but the blood sample vial is destroyed in the process. They are forced to turn back, with ten minutes before missiles level the campus, and fight their way back to the confinement room. They retrieve a second vial, but Henson is bitten on the ankle. She remains behind and commits suicide, as the agents escape by smearing zombie blood and tissue on themselves, disguising themselves as zombies. They escape back to the van, where they find that Bart broke free from the dormitory by amputating his hand. He threatens Ellis at gunpoint, arguing that they could make millions from the vial of blood. Ellis is forced to give him the vial. Bart decides to kill Ellis anyway, but is shot in the back by Alexandra before he can. His dying action is to pull the pin on a hand grenade, destroying the vial in the process. The two agents escape before the missiles level the campus. Alexandra is wounded, but uncertain of whether it's a bite or not. Ellis refuses to execute her, and the two leave the city, finding that the infection has spread to the rest of the city.