The story revolves around Bharathi and his family, consisting of his dad, mom, brother, sister-in-law and sister. Saravanan, a rich cloth merchant, is very particular that the Thirukural is recited regularly within his home and whenever Bharathi wants to please his dad, he recites a kural or two and proves an exemplary son, even though he is up to his youthful antics the rest of the time. In all, it’s a happy existence. Into this scenario comes love, in the form of Gayathri, whom Bharathi sights on the road one day, carrying a veena and hurrying to a college cultural, in a two wheeler, with a Brahmin priest. Bharathi falls for her and assumes that she is from his community and so there will be no opposition at home for marriage. When Gayathri comes home and sees the lifestyle and sacred atmosphere in the Bharathi household, she is worried. Bharathi and his family like her immensely and now want to meet her parents to fix the wedding. But the truth is, she hails from an entirely different background, that of a Royapuram family, with her brother Dhana , being a rowdy who hacks down people left and right. What’s more, her family’s large mansion, is in the middle of a fishing township, while she herself was sent into a city hostel to continue her education. The two families are as different as chalk and cheese! When Bharathi learns of this, he is disturbed. But his love wins and he decides to find a way out for marriage. So, he embarks on a strange plan. He persuades Dhana and his family, to masquerade as Brahmins and after much effort, even manages to teach them several Kurals to please his dad. Everything is smooth sailing when the two families meet at Bharathi’s home. But when Saravanan wants to go to the girl’s house for the engagement ceremony, Dhana is in a fix. How can he invite them to Royapuram and the settlement of huts reeking of fish and surrounded with his rowdy gang? So he decides to hire a house in Mylapore and lend himself some credibility in the eyes of Saravanan. All is going according to Bharathi’s plan, when a blast from the past steps in. An enemy of Saravanan, wants to destroy him and in the process reveal the secret Bharathi has been keeping from his family. Does Bharathi succeed or does Saravanan find out and raise hell? See the film to find out!