{{plot}} Barbie stars as Blair Willows, a young girl who lives within the city of Gardania with her sickly mother and younger sister, while working vigorously as a waitress in order to help better support them. Upon returning home from a yet another long day of work at the "Cafe Gardania," Emily, Blair's younger sister, is watching the annual "Princess Procession" on TV, which involves princesses from many other kingdoms coming to enroll at the original Princess Charm School  in order to learn their full potential. In addition, each semester one commoner is also allowed enrollment if she wins the "lottery" that awards her a full scholarship, as well as the chance to become a "Lady Royal," a princess's most trusted advisor. Blair asks if their mom is okay as the two watch the television, and Emily tells her that the doctors have simply said that she was "comfortable". Blair wishes she were better, and also that Emily could grow up within a better neighborhood, as the family lives in the more destitute area of Gardania and have little money. Blair decides that she will continue to work hard for her family. On the TV, Blair, Emily and their mother, who later joins them, watch as the lottery winner is picked . . . Blair. Absolutely stunned by this, Blair then learns from her little sister that the reason her name had been drawn was due to the fact that Emily had secretly entered her Blair's name many times per day. Initially, Blair doesn't wish to leave her responsibilities to her family behind, but her mother, who sees it as a good opportunity for her daughter , manages to convince her. Blair parts ways with her family and leaves to go the school within a carriage driven by a man named Brock, who is an employee working there. At the school, Blair is greeted by a large Golden Retriever named Prince, which curiously takes an immediate shining to her. The Headmistress of the school, Alexandra Privet, finding Blair on the floor with Prince  then takes her to her locker, and explains things about the school along the way. Blair, at her locker, is suddenly met by a magical sprite named Grace. She turns out to be Blair's assigned, personal princess assistant, as every student within attendance at the charm school possesses, as well. Blair uses her magically-infused locker to change into her school uniform, and then Grace takes her to her dorm room in order to get settled in. There, Blair meets her new roommates : Isla  and Hadley . She also meets their sprite assistants, Caprice and Harmony. After their brief introductions have been made, a sudden announcement is heard from Miss Privet, stating that every student is to now head over to the "Starlight Welcome" immediately, in order to receive their training crowns. At the welcome ceremony, Miss Privet explains that they will get real crowns once they have successfully completed the semester with high expectations. Another teacher of the school, Dame Devin, then announces that she will soon quit her job of instructing at the Princess Charm School after her daughter, Delancy  becomes the new princess of Gardania at the end of the semester. She goes on to explain that both she and her daughter have lived at the royal palace since the time of her sister-in-law, Queen Isabella, and her family's death within a car crash many years ago. Isla and Hadley, seated with the rest of their fellow students, then quietly discuss with Blair a well known legend which states that not everyone from the Royal Family had died. After the ceremony, each student has a curtsying class before dismissal for the evening, and Blair gets distracted by Hadley and Isla's continued tale and bumps into Delancy, who seems to have already developed quite a strong dislike for Blair, and openly expresses her disdain over the school's lottery system of allowing commoners to enroll. Isla and Hadley comfort Blair, telling her that they are positive that Blair can do anything Delancy can do. The next day, Blair's momentary confident instantly becomes unraveled upon witnessing Delancy being able to walk about with a very large stack of books on her head without any sort of difficulty during one of their lessons, when she, herself, can't even balance one. Many of the other girls, however, do have a few problems, themselves, but Dame Devin, the lesson's instructor, seems more keen upon singling Blair out the most. However, upon getting a better view of Blair's face, Dame Devin becomes immediately, and curiously shocked. She then ruthlessly tells her to get out of her class and states that she doesn't belong at such an establishment. Later on, at lunch, Delancy inspired by her mother's viciousness, makes her sprite assistant, Wickellia, secretly tuck a piece of tablecloth into Blair's skirt while she, Isla, and Hadley unknowingly continue on within their meals. As a result, Blair ends up being further embarrassed with herself when she unexpectedly drags each girl's trays clear off of the table upon standing. Back within their dorm room, Isla and Hadley try to cheer up Blair by telling her that Dame Devin, herself, was once a lottery winner, as well. However, none of the princesses at the time had selected her to be their Lady Royal, not even Queen Isabella. Afterwards, a knock upon their door is heard, and Hadley goes to open it, revealing a struggling Grace holding onto a large care package addressed to Blair, from her sister Emily. Inside are various letters and other items, including a drawing of a baby Blair being left on their mother's doorstep. Blair explains to her curious friends that she is adopted, and so too, is Emily, and that the drawing is in reference to a tale which is favorite of Emily's , in that Blair had suddenly been found upon their mother's doorstep when Blair was one-year-old. Miss Privet, who arrives at the girls' dorm room in order to tell Blair a bit of bad news regarding her continued enrollment, then stops herself from doing so upon unintentionally eavesdropping. The following day, this time at a ballroom dancing class, Blair continually manages to step onto the toes of Delancy's friend, Portia, who is Blair's dance partner. As a result, Blair is kept behind after class by Miss Privet, who had been the instructor. Now alone, she tells Blair that Dame Devin wanted her to be expelled, a desire which had almost been granted; however, Miss Privet admits to Blair that she is aware of her personal reasons for wanting to become a Lady Royal , and so decides to tutor her, herself. She goes on to explain to Blair that each lesson her students learn simply isn't for superficial reasons, but rather to instill a better sense of character and confidence within each of girl. Confidence without character can be a problem, just like, within Blair's case, character without confidence can be, as well, according to Miss Privet. She then stresses to Blair that no one can make her feel inferior without her consent. And so, with the now added assistance of Miss Privet, Blair gradually begins to improve within her areas of balance, grace, dancing and more over time. As wintertime arrives, the charm school students are one day joined by the young men from the "Prince Charming School"  for one of their dance classes. Blair inevitably gets partnered with a young prince-to-be named Nicholas, who appears to be every bit as down to earth and friendly as she. As a result, the two seem to hit it off, as they share various jokes with one another while dancing. Jealous, as she had been hoping to dance with Nicholas, herself, Delancy trips Blair in order to once again humiliate her; however, Nicholas helps Blair quickly recover, as the two lead the overall group  within an abrupt transition from traditional ballroom dancing, to something much more modern. before dancing like they're at a party. When they are done, the men leave, much to the regret of the women, but Miss Privet assures them that they will again return in order to attend the dual graduation ceremony, and coronation of Delancy as the princess of Gardania at the end of the semester. Springtime eventually arrives, and now with only two days before the ceremony, where both the princesses and Lady Royals will be crowned, Miss Privet announces that the girls will get to spend another one of their table manners classes within the palace this time. Blair, Hadley and Isla go with their sprites  to pamper themselves within the school spa as a preparatory treat, while Dame Devin secretly instructs Wickellia to rip up the girls' uniforms . Meanwhile, Isla and Hadley continue to tell Blair more legends about the Royal Family, including one about Gardania's magic crown, which lights up when put upon the head of the rightful heir to the throne. The girls head back to their room to find it in shambles, and their uniforms torn to shreds. As both Isla and Hadley lament over the fact that they cannot attend class without them on, and that missing any class will result within an automatic failure, Blair, having now grown a bit more confident over time, is then overcome with sudden determination. She refuses to let her or her friends fail, and so with the help of the sprites fashions some new, personalized uniforms using leftover fabric from the old ones. Having just made it to the palace in time, Blair, Isla, Hadley, and the rest of the students are awarded a bit of free time to explore the first floor before the start of class. While doing so, the trio mysteriously find a portrait of Blair, which actually turns out to be one of the then Princess Isabella, when she was eighteen-years-old, a year older than Blair. The girls then see a portrait of the entire Royal Family: Queen Isabella, her husband, King Reginald, a puppy which Blair is stunned to realize is actually Prince, the dog, and a young baby girl in the Queen's arms. Upon further inspection of the portrait, Hadley and Isla begin to surmise that perhaps Blair could be the baby from the picture, and proceed to ask her when exactly it was that her mother had found her as a baby. Blair reveals the date to be April 26th, a date which had also become her birthday when her mother find her on her doorstep, as she didn't know when Blair was actually born. Stunned, however now more convinced than ever that their suspicions are correct, both Isla and Hadley reveal to Blair that April 26th was the very same day that the Royal Family had perished within their car accident. They go on to say that they believe that perhaps Princess Sophia hadn't died with the King and Queen, after all, but rather had been found and left in front of somebody else's door to be raised. This hypothesis also makes them realize that this was the most probable reason why Dame Devin and Delancy have continually been so unfair to Blair, because she and Princess Sophia are one in the same and thus, is the rightful heir to the throne of Gardania. Unbeknownst to the trio, Delancy has eavesdropped upon the entire conversation, and promptly becomes disturbed by the news, as her mother had never told her these things. Later on at class, Dame Devin reveals to her students her intentions for Gardania  once her daughter is made princess: to bulldoze the beggared areas of the land and create parks in its stead, in order to make the overall kingdom more beautiful. Blair is shocked appalled by this, and informs her that her family lives there, but Dame Devin heartlessly remarks that she should then leave the school immediately in order to move her family to a new home in time, not at all caring that such an act would be impossible for them, as they have no money. Blair looks at Delancy, trying to talk to her to see sense, but Delancy remains silent, though she is herself worried about what her mother will do further when she is a princess. Blair runs away in her room, feeling utterly broken and defeated. She does do as Dame Devin had instructed and packs up her belongings in order to leave the school once and for all; however, upon gazing at her sister Emily's sent drawing once more, decides to stay and to finally fight back. Meeting back up with Hadley and Isla, Blair informs them that she intends to locate the magical crown so that she can use it to prove that she is the rightful heir, and thus successfully stop Dame Devin and Delancy's plans from coming to fruition. Her friends naturally volunteer to help, and so the trio then plan to go back to the palace later that night to search for it, before the graduation and coronation the following day. That evening, before the girls can leave, a fire alarm suddenly goes off. The students all go outside accordingly, while Dame Devin secretly places several pieces of her jewelery within Blair, Hadley and Isla's dorm room in order to implicate them and finally have them expelled. Delancy finds her leaving the room and becomes suspicious, but her mother quickly changes the subject by asking her why she suddenly has a customized uniform like Blair and her friends, to which Delancy coolly explains it's simply because she likes the way it looks. A little more than half an hour later, the students can finally go back into their rooms, but Blair, Isla and Hadley are abruptly stopped by a guard, Dame Devin, and Miss Privet. They are then accused of stealing Dame Devin's jewelery, about which they naturally dispute. However, upon searching their dorm room, the guard successfully locates each missing valuable. The girls are then to be detained until after the coronation ceremony; however, while the guard takes them away, Delancy suddenly approaches and stops him, claiming that she wishes to carry out their punishment, herself . At first hesitant to listen to her, the gevery student within attendance es and she hesitantly asks Blair if she truly is Princess Sophia, to which Blair responds that she believes she is. Delancy then quickly hands over a map of the palace basement where the magical crown can be located, further revealing to them that she is assisting their efforts because she wants to do what is right for the kingdom. Before parting ways, she also tells them she will leave a window open on the third floor of the palace for them to enter through, and then runs off back to her room, as her mother believes her to already be asleep. Blair, Hadley and Isla head back to the palace, and find Prince thankfully distracting another guard for them. They then use a rope from their bag to climb up to the third floor window, before then taking an elevator inside to the basement. Hadley notices devices on the walls within the room, and recognizes them as laser alarms, whose beams are invisible and will set off its detection if any are stepped through. And so Blair carefully blows a bit of makeup powder towards the lasers in order to make them become visible. Hadley, the most athletic of the three, utilizes some of her impressive gymnastics abilities in order to bypass the beams and make it to the other side, while both Blair and Isla make a far more slower trek across, with some help from Grace. Once there, there is a keypad which needs a password to unlock a vault door, most probably where the magical crown is being held, so they try the date of the coronation. It is incorrect, however, and so they use the password hint  to figure out the real password. They then try the date of the car crash and it works. Inside the room are several of Dame Devin's possessions. Blair and her friends find the magical crown, but Dame Devin finds them, and makes Brock, her guard, seize the crown from them. She then changes the password, with Isla memorizing the tune of the pressed buttons, and locks them inside of the vault. The girls are stuck within the vault for several hours, right up to when the coronation begins and Delancy becomes moments away from being officially crowned. Seeing that they have yet to arrive, she figures out how to stall the proceedings while Blair and her friends try to find a way to escape. Isla, meanwhile, keeps humming the tune of the keypad buttons, and Hadley, who had been attempting to pry open the vault doors with a sword she had found, accidentally knocks the cover off a nearby box of electrical wires. Seeing this and realizing that it is most likely connected to the vault's stored password, they wire up Blair's phone to the keypad to use her phone buttons to enter the password from inside of the room. Isla, having memorized the new password, she carefully hums out the tune before entering it onto the phone. Successful, they finally make their hurried escape. The girls arrive at the graduation ceremony just in time, and Blair confidently makes an open claim to the throne, stating that she is Princess Sophia. Emily and her mother, who are watching the action at the TV, gasped in shock. The royal judge, who crowns the princesses and Lady Royals, takes Blair seriously, but Dame Devin, now furious, tries to stop her. They begin to fight over the crown, before Delancy manages to catch it and then has to decide whether to give it to her mother or to Blair. In the end, she chose to give it to Blair, and when she puts it on, it immediately illuminates and transforms her appearance magically, to look more like a princess. Dame Devin, amidst her outrage, exclaims that she killed Queen Isabella just so that Delancy could be the princess, instead, and thus is arrested, while a disheartened Delancy watches on as she gets dragged away. At Miss Privet's prompting, Blair makes a quick, introductory speech, telling the people of Gardania that she is honored to be their princess. Miss Privet then tells her that now is the time when she must select a Lady Royal, and Blair, feeling sympathy for Delancy for helping her so much in this mission, chooses Delancy, who is delighted and then crowned. Later that evening, at the graduation party, everyone dances to Isla's one of her finally revealed songs, "We Rule This School," which she also DJs for. Even Miss Privet dances along with her students, while the now Prince Nicholas arrives and meets up with Blair again. He states that he is unsure of whether to call her Blair or Princess Sophia, but she assures him that she wants to continue going by the name "Blair." The new Lady Royal, Delancy, then announces that the Princess has some special visitors, which are revealed to be Emily and her mother. Blair welcomes them to their "new home". Emily then asks Blair if, since Blair is now a princess, does that also make her one, as well. Blair warmly tells her: "Of course; there's a princess in every girl," before stating that she wishes to introduce both she and their mother to everyone.