Three years after the death of a young man, Liam Lombard , the story flashes forward to assess the toll it has taken on his parents, brother, and ex-girlfriend, all set against the backdrop of suburban Sydney. Jordan Lombard  is a broken man, now hideously obese and unable to function. His once happy marriage is skidding hopelessly out of control. His wife Penelope  is trapped in routine, devoid of self respect. Her pain only deepens with the onset of menopause. This humilation has driven her straight into the arms of another, younger, man. Their surviving son Ben  has developed a peculiar relationship with the local boy Matt . Though an unlikely pair, a romance has began to blossom. As Ben’s sexuality comes further into question, he turns his attentions to the girl next-door Indigo , his dead brothers former lover. Never quite the same since his death, her destructive relationship with a married man, Greg , is fading as is her relationship with her mother Jackie . As Ben sets out to woo her in his own twisted fashion, including dressing like an old neighbour, Indigo comes to find he might be her one true friend. Then history repeats. Jordan suffers a heart attack, shaking his family to their core. In the middle of a night, three years on from the death of her son, Penelope fights for her husband at a hospital bedside. Desperate to reclaim his life, Jordan races to quit his oppressive job in spectacular and uncharacteristic fashion on his bosses doorstep. When Jordan finally gets home that night – he crumbles in his wife’s arms - a second chance now awarded. Meanwhile, Ben makes his way to a lonely bus, planning to skip the city with Indigo. While there, he impulsively reaches over and kisses her, hoping all his questions might finally be answered. But there’s nothing. Liam is no longer the driving force of their lives. So as Ben races off to Matt, Penelope kisses her loving husband goodnight and Indigo begins her adventure from the back seat of a bus, they all finally see a road promised ahead, one with hope and the lessons learnt of living.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0448205/synopsis