1928, Gyeong-seong , Korea. Young Kim Jun-shik , his father  and sister Eun-su  work on the farm of the Hasegawa family  in Japanese-occupied Korea. Both Jun-shik and young Hasegawa Tatsuo  are interested in running and by the time they are teenagers  are fierce competitors. Tatsuo's grandfather  is killed in a bomb attack by a Korean freedom fighter and subsequently a Korean runner, Sohn Kee-chung , wins a marathon race against Japanese competitors, further inflaming Korean-Japanese tensions. In May 1938, Jun-shik  is working as a rickshaw runner as Koreans are banned from taking part in sports events and Tatsuo , now a fierce Japanese nationalist, has sworn that a Korean will never again win a race. Though he has been accepted by a medical college in Berlin, Tatsuo decides to stay in Korea to run in the All Japan Trials for the marathon. Sohn secretly backs Jun-shik and the latter wins the race, though Tatsuo is awarded the medal when Jun-shik is disqualified for allegedly cheating. Following a riot by Korean spectators, Jun-shik is among those - including his friend Lee Jong-dae , who likes Eun-su  - who are forcibly drafted into the Japanese army. In July 1939 they find themselves, along with 100 other Koreans, in a battle at Nomonhan, on the Mongolian border, where a Chinese sniper, Shirai , avenging the death of her family at the hands of the Japanese, is captured and tortured. Tatsuo, now a colonel, arrives and takes over command, forcing the existing commander, Takakura , to commit hara-kiri. After refusing to join a suicide squad organized by Tatsuo to fight the Soviets, Jun-shik is imprisoned with Shirai but escapes with her, Jong-dae and two other friends to the River Khalkhin, where Shirai dies after shooting down a Soviet plane. Jun-shik tries to warn the Japanese forces that a large-scale Soviet tank attack is coming but in the ensuing battle Tatsuo refuses to order a retreat. In February 1940 Jun-shik and Tatsuo end up in Kungursk POW camp, north of Perm, in the Soviet Union, where both Koreans and Japanese are incarcerated together. Under the name of Anton, Jong-dae has become a work-unit leader and helps his Korean friends, while Tatsuo is humiliated and almost killed by Jun-shik in a fight. When news comes that Germany has declared war on the Soviet Union, Jun-shik and Tatsuo are among those forcibly drafted into the Soviet army. Following a bloody battle against the German army at Hedosk in December 1941, Jun-shik and Tatsuo set out on a journey westwards that will find them on the beaches of Normandy, France, just prior to the D-Day Allied invasion. As they run, Jun-shik is wounded by a bomb fragment in the chest. Jun-shik dies and tells Tatsuo that "He is now Jun-shik". Since Tatsuo is Japanese, he is an enemy of the Americans. Tatsuo is later seen running and winning the 1948 Olympic games then a flashback appears of their first encounter.{{cite web}}