Under the pretense of an emergency in the dead of night, Master Po  leads Master Tigress  and Master Mantis  into breaking into the new Masters' Council exhibit in tribute of Master Thundering Rhino, Master Storming Ox, and Master Croc. Even though Tigress and Mantis are annoyed at the deception, Po engages their interest in the story of the trio of masters first met. Long ago in the city of Jinzhao, Rhino , Ox  and Croc  are small-time pit fighters who attracted the attention of Grand Master Oogway , who, seeing their talent and focus, wished them to find something worthy to fight for. As the trio fought themselves to a standstill, two of the villainous Wu Sisters were freeing their leader and eldest sister Su Wu . To recapture them, Oogway persuades Rhino, Ox and Croc into helping him find the sisters at Hubei Volcano. However, to his disappointment, Oogway has to appeal to them with vague prospects of being put on a path to riches to get that cooperation. While the Wu Sisters plot to unite the various criminal gangs to seize control of China, Master Oogway has to brush off each of his compatriot's petty proposals during the journey to abandon the others for their benefit. At camp, Oogway eventually discovers that while Croc and Ox are motivated by narcissism and greed respectively, Rhino has a deep-seated need to win his dad Master Flying Rhino's  respect. To that, Oogway suggests to all of them that their current goals will only keep them wanting more, and changing their ways can lead to better lives for all. Before the trio can comprehend Oogway's point, a messenger bird from the Sisters arrives to reveal their plan and Oogway has the company set off immediately. To encourage them to change their ways, Master Oogway secretly leads the trio into an extremely dangerous path and forces them to cooperate in order for them all to safely pass to illustrate his point of selflessness. However, when the trio finally learn that Oogway was being metaphorical about his promise of riches, their protests accidentally get them trapped on a river of lava. Oogway manages to get them to safe ground, but he falls over a lava fall, leaving them with only the advice "Remember the path" to guide them now. Dispirited at their loss, the trio try to find their way home. However, they encounter a rabbit village devastated by the Wu Sisters and its citizens' desperately try to hire them for protection. Moved by the villagers' plight, the trio decline the fee and resolve to stop the Wu Sisters for the sake of a higher ideal. Thus motivated, the trio interrupt the Sister's summit. When the former street fighters reveal that they're doing this for purely honor, they intimidate the various visiting gangs into retreating while the Wu Sisters fight alone. Even though the Wu Sisters prove too much to fight individually, Rhino, Ox and Croc manage to combine their talents to defeat them in a coordinated attack. At the moment of their victory, Master Oogway reappears, having captured the rest of the gangs and praising his fellows for being worthy warriors who have found a higher purpose. The scene returns to the exhibit in the morning, where Master Po concludes the story of how the new masters formed the Masters' Council in Gongmen City. Unfortunately, Master Shifu  discovers them. While not being furious, he still sets Po to work to repair the roof he damaged breaking in before the exhibit opens in 20 minutes. Unfortunately, Po manages to accidentally lock himself into Su Wu's Sarcophagus and is trapped, so he decides to take a nap instead.