Alike is a 17 year old African American girl who hangs out at clubs with her openly lesbian friend Laura. Alike slowly and firmly comes to terms with her own identity as a butch lesbian, comfortable in baggy clothes and male underwear. Her mother Audrey approves of neither her clothes nor her friendship with Laura and forces her to wear feminine clothing and making friends with a young girl from her church. Alike has a better relationship with her father Arthur, who is a police officer. Alike begins to develop feelings for Bina, the friend from church and starts spending more time with her than with Laura, much to Laura's annoyance. Arthur comes back late a few times from work, which angers Audrey and the two of them fight often. Arthur does not think much about Alike's changes in her life, believing them just to be a phase, and in turn becomes supportive of her, but yet naive about her true identity. One night after going to see an alternative rock band, Alike and Bina spend the night at Bina's place and Bina kisses Alike. In the morning, Alike talks to Bina about where they want their relationship to go, but Bina says there is no relationship, as she is not gay and only regarded the kiss a little fun. Hurt and upset, Alike leaves and returns home and cries for hours. During that time, Audrey and Arthur have an explosive row about Alike. Despite her sister's protests, Alike decides to intervene the fight and she comes out to her parents. Disgusted, Audrey viciously attacks Alike while Arthur tries to restrain her. Alike flees to Laura's house where they reconcile. Audrey then tries to forget that nothing happened, which annoys the rest of her family. Arthur meets Alike on the roof of Laura's building, and he tells her she should not be afraid of her mother and that it's safe to come home. Alike replies "I'm not running. I'm choosing." After meeting her mother, who makes it clear that she still does not accept her homosexuality, Alike tells her tearfully that she loves her. Audrey then leaves saying that she will pray for her. Alike decides to change schools and move away from home. The film ends with her reading a poem she wrote to her teacher, who praises her talent.