Nura is a street beggar. During 1971 liberation war in Bangladesh his one leg became useless and paralyzed. The Razakars, anti-liberation forces attacked him and struck him causing injury and making him a crippled man. But as a father he extraordinary. He begs in the street in rain and sunshine but he does so only to make his dream a reality-to educate his daughter Swapna in the university. She is a university student. Nura took part in the liberation struggle against the Pakistani army. He is a beggar but his attitude to life is different. He dose not regret over his poverty, rather he enjoys begging as he sings in his mother-tongue Bangla. He feels that is Bangladesh would not have been liberated he had to speak and sing in Urdu-the alien language for him. On the other hand, the Talukder family is rich and well educated. The senior Talukder was a pioneering personality in photo-journalism in the country starting from the language movement of 1952 to 1971 liberation war. These are all now historical documents. But nobody is happy in this family. The senior Talukder tries to implant the progressive ideas to his grand-children because the present generation are not aware at all of this liberation struggle and again at the same time the anti-liberation forces try to exploit the liberation war in their won interests.. Niloy-an scion of this Talukder family is in contrast with the poor Swapna, the university student daughter of Nura the beggar. Niloy fell in love with Swapna listening to her songs while preparing for the Bangla new year celebration. He also proposes to her. Swapna tries to convince him that this is rather impossible as they are poles apart. She tells him her parents are almost starving only to meet the ends to educate her in the university. But let by the impulse Niloy vows to marry her-says he would go deep down her heart, explore the dark resonance of her heart and he would marry her. But Niloy is defeated before the reality of life. Emotion is overcome by the stark realities of life. He can never accept the fact that his would-be father-in-law is a street beggar. And then he escapes from life, escapes from her, fleeing away to another country. The film ends with a song where an eminent singer arranges a concert for the beggars. The beggars circle around and move singing with lamps in their hands. The life cycle is complete. Occasionally the life cycle is disturbed but it never stops. The human beings like Swapna restart a new life and once again the life cycle begins.