Set in 1977, Mahree Bok  is a white South African who lives in a mansion with her parents and little brother. They comfortably benefit from the system of apartheid without questioning its morality; Mahree's father, Pieter Bok, is a South African policeman who cannot hide his joy when Steve Biko  is caught by the South African authorities. They also have a black maid, Flora , whom Mahree, in her racial unawareness, considers her best friend, not realizing that Flora is not satisfied with her life under apartheid. It is from Flora that Mahree hears about the weaver bird and its communal nest-building, which is used as a metaphor for the possibility of racial harmony that Mahree does not understand at the time. Piper Dellums  is a black girl who lives in Washington, D.C. with her father, Congressman Ron Dellums , an outspoken opponent of the South African apartheid system and the oppression of black South Africans, her mother Roscoe Dellums  and two younger twin brothers Brandy  and Erik . Piper is eager to play host to an African exchange student, who she assumes will be black; Mahree is likewise excited about spending a semester in America, where she assumes her host family will be white. Their assumptions are not corrected until Piper and her mother meet Mahree at the airport and bring her home. They try to be welcoming despite their surprise, but Mahree reacts with horror bordering on panic, locking herself in Piper's bedroom and refusing to come out. Only the prospect of having to admit to her parents that the exchange program was a bad idea prevents her from going home. Meanwhile, Piper is bitterly disappointed and disillusioned, and her father thinks the situation of having a racist white South African stay at their house is like "being a Jew and having the Gestapo over." Eventually, Piper picks the lock on the door to bring Mahree some fries and a chocolate shake. While in the room, she lets Mahree know how angry she is, which gives Mahree her first notion of how offensive her behavior has been. Mahree eventually decides to stay and in time Congressman Dellums gets used to the idea of Mahree staying. During her stay, Mahree sees people of different races getting along and realizes how much she and Piper have in common. The two become good friends. The two of them continue on to having a wonderful time at the mall, trying on different clothes and such. Mahree is also forced to overcome her own inclination to see her host family as servants and strange black people as threatening, and learns to live among them day to day. However, she still refuses to admit that the system in her own country is oppressive and wrong, or that her own family has a hand in perpetuating it. When Steve Biko, an African working for equality in South Africa, is killed by South African police, there are mass protests around the world, including at the South African embassy in Washington, D.C. Embassy diplomats come to the Dellumses' house while Mr. Dellums is at work and take Mahree with the intention of sending her back to South Africa, presumably to prevent her seeing the protests and rallying against the South African government. In response, Congressman Dellums goes to the South African embassy threatening to announce to the press that the embassy kidnapped Mahree from her host family, and successfully gets her back. Mahree expects everything to be back to normal after this incident, not realizing the significance of Biko's killing or what it means to Piper. The two have a fight about whether Mahree has really changed at all, and Mahree finally sees the connection between her experiences in America and the situation in South Africa. When she returns home at the end of the school semester and is greeted by her family, she shows Flora a freedom flag sewn inside her coat, signifying her decision to side with the black liberation movement. An epilogue-like scene at the end of the movie shows Mahree with the Dellumses at an African pride event back in America. Ron Dellums delivers a speech that includes the weaver-bird story, as told to him by "a new friend from South Africa." The weaver bird story is about a bird who makes nests all throughout the trees of South Africa. In these nest families of all different colored birds took care of each other, even though they had no relation. This story was told by Flora to Mahree, who then passed on the story to Mr. Dellums.