It’s midnight, and Jeanne  is awakened by wails of pain, coming from another room. Slowly, she pulls herself out of bed and goes to the source; her autistic teenage daughter Mandy . Mandy is suffering an anxiety attack, as she has almost every night for months. Jeanne instructs her daughter to “use her strategies.” Finally, Jeanne distracts her out of this fit by singing a familiar lullaby: “Lady bug, lady bug, fly away home.” The next morning, Jeanne struggles to dress her 15 year-old daughter, who can’t yet do so by herself, and to board her onto the awaiting school bus. Afterwards, she walks their family beagle, while receiving a cell phone call from her free-lance business partner, Sue . They’re under pressure to deliver a high-profile cost analysis report to a major client. Jeanne jumps into the task with characteristic determination. Despite Sue’s protest, Jeanne promises the client they will deliver it by Monday. But her work is soon interrupted by a call from the school. Mandy’s had another violent fit, disrupting the class. Jeanne rushes to the school, and encounters the dedicated but gruff principal, Liz Howell , who suggests this might not be the right placement for Mandy. Since Mandy’s failed in three different schools over the past two years, Jeanne is resolute to keep her in this one. Desperate for help, Jeanne calls Mandy’s father, Peter , asking if he could take Mandy for the weekend. He makes his usual excuses, but then surprises them by showing up, and sweeping Mandy off to the park. Jeanne is enjoying a rare moment of peace when Peter calls, in great distress. Mandy’s had another fit, attacking yet another child on the playground. Jeanne rushes to the rescue, and takes control of the situation. The next day, Jeanne takes a break to walk her dog and meets a new neighbor, Tom . He’s charming, and sparks begin to fly. Jeanne remembers that she is a woman, not just a function. Then her cell phone rings and it’s the school, once again. Mandy’s had another fit and Jeanne rushes off, leaving Tom behind and bewildered. This time, Mandy’s fit was so extreme that she is suspended for a week. Jeanne is beside herself. Over the next few days, her world becomes even more unhinged, as she struggles to complete her report, while attending to Mandy’s round-the-clock needs. It’s an impossible task, and she fails. The report is hastily done and she is fired. The next day, Jeanne takes Mandy with her to the dog park. Tom is there as well. Surprisingly, he is charmed by Mandy’s eccentricity, and offers to take them all out for pizza. Unused to flirtatious attention from a man, Jeanne refuses. But Mandy’s enthusiasm wins out. They have a lovely time and Tom escorts them home, where he engages in delightful play with Mandy. Later, over a cup of tea, he and Jeanne grow closer. But when he moves his hand to take hers, Jeanne freezes. Why would he want to get involved with her, and this engulfing struggle? And if she cared about him, how could she let him? Rebuffed, Tom leaves the house…and her life. Overcome by the sacrifice she has made, yet again, Jeanne sucks up her sorrow and forges on. Mandy has another fit and is kicked out of the school. Jeanne’s only option is to enroll her child in a therapeutic residential facility. But how can she? Mandy’s body might be mature, but her mind and spirit is that of a young child. How can she abandon such a vulnerable girl to strangers? Driving Mandy back from their final confrontation with Liz Howell, Jeanne contemplates veering off the road into a tree, and ending their suffering. She stops herself, last minute. In a poignant moment of surprising attunement, Mandy consoles her mother, singing to Jeanne as she had been sung to; “Fly away home…” In the days to come, Mandy and Jeanne become increasingly unable to cope. While walking their dog, Mandy breaks away and with unexpected speed, runs off. Jeanne cannot find her. For hours, Mandy is lost and Jeanne is desperate. Until Tom arrives, returning her. He found Mandy hiding in the dog park. Jeanne’s gratitude hints at renewed possibility between them. At last, Jeanne realizes that the residential facility is Mandy’s last, best chance. She suggests it to Peter. They meet with a professional advisor, to discuss this difficult choice. Although she suggested it, Jeanne is anguished at the thought of losing her child. She can’t bring herself to “sending her away.” In the parking lot after the meeting, Jeanne sees a plane over-head. The sight of it flying freely causes an internal shift. Jeanne drives Mandy miles away to visit the Boarding School. The facility is gracious, and the staff is kind. As she walks the inviting grounds with Mandy, they hold hands. And realize that both of their lives can now begin.