The Expendables—leader Barney Ross , knives specialist Lee Christmas , hand-to-hand combat specialist Yin Yang , heavy weapons specialist Hale Caesar , demolitions expert Toll Road , the unstable Gunner Jensen , and sniper Billy the Kid , the team's newest recruit and Ross' protegée—are deployed to Nepal to rescue hostage Dr. Zhou. There, they also rescue the captured mercenary Trench , Ross' rival. Yang parts with the group to escort Zhou back to China. After returning to New York City, Billy tells Ross that he intends to retire by the end of the month to live with his girlfriend Sophia. Later, Ross is forced to accept a mission from CIA operative Mr. Church  to retrieve an item from a downed airplane in Albania. Church sends technical expert Maggie Chan  with the team. In Albania, the Expendables retrieve the item, but are then ambushed by international criminal and arms dealer Jean Vilain , his right-hand man Hector  and his mercenary group, the Sangs, who have captured Billy. Vilain demands the item in exchange for Billy's life. The team surrenders the item, but Vilain roundhouse kicks a knife through Billy's heart and flees with the Sangs by helicopter. Ross recovers a note for Sophia from Billy's body, and the team buries their fallen comrade, swearing revenge on Vilain. Maggie tells the team that the item is a computer containing the location of five tons of refined plutonium abandoned in a mine by the Soviet Union following the Cold War. Vilain intends to retrieve the plutonium and sell it. The Expendables are able to partially track the computer's signal to follow Vilain, leading them to Bulgaria. They rest at an abandoned Russian military base overnight. The following morning, the team is ambushed by the Sangs and a tank. After the Expendables run out of ammunition, they are saved by Booker , Ross's old friend, who quickly eliminates both the Sangs and the tank. Before he departs, Booker informs the group of a nearby village whose residents oppose Vilain. Meanwhile, Hector and Vilain exhume the plutonium and begin its collection. Arriving at the village, the Expendables find several armed female villagers guarding their children from Vilain's forces: the local villages' inhabitants are taken by Vilain's forces and put to work in the mine as slaves, never returning. The women plead for the Expendables' help. The Sangs arrive to collect more villagers, but they are ambushed by the Expendables and killed. After locating Vilain and the mine, the team assaults the area with their plane before purposefully crashing into the mine itself. The team manages to save the enslaved miners from execution, but Vilain and Hector escape with the plutonium. Vilain remotely detonates explosive charges in the mine, causing it to collapse and trap the Expendables and miners. Church and Trench arrive and free the Expendables and miners. The pair then joins with the Expendables to pursue Vilain. The group intercepts Vilain and his men at an airport as he prepares to leave by plane. Joined again by Booker, the Expendables, Trench, and Church engage the Sangs in battle. Christmas manages to decapitate Hector, while elsewhere Ross and Vilain fight their own personal duel. Ross defeats Vilain, stabbing him and avenging Billy. In the aftermath, Ross is provided with an old biplane by Church. Church, Maggie, Booker, and Trench then leave the team. In France, Sophia  discovers a box on her doorstep, containing a large sum of money and Billy's letter. As the Expendables depart in the plane, they give a final toast in honor of Billy.