The film opens by showing a large crowd outside the Verona Arena, Italy, with eager fans queuing for the rock concert of Jordan . Jordan, who was being attacked by thugs moments ago, manages to escape and reach the arena. He shows a complete disregard for his fans, storms onto the stage in a fit of rage and starts strumming his guitar. A flashback shows the story of Janardhan Jhakar a.k.a. JJ, a simple Haryanvi from Pitam Pura, Delhi, who is a student in Hindu College & dreams of becoming a big star and gets laughed at by his friends for that. Khatara, a canteen owner , tells him that the only way melody can be produced is by undergoing trauma via a heartbreak. Janardhan jokingly tells himself that since he hasn't seen bad times, he hasn't been able to reach his idol's  level of fame. He goes to the performance of Heer Kaul , one of the girls in St. Stephens College, and overhears that she is the "perfect heartbreaking machine". Instantly deciding to propose to her, he suffers humiliation, which he deciphers as the perfect method for receiving the "heart-break" and the key to "fame". However, they both become good friends, hanging out together and doing things like drinking desi liquor and watching a B-grade Hindi film called "Junglee Jawaani" Heer marries Jai  in Kashmir and departs to Prague with him. During the process, she develops feelings for JJ and coins the name "Jordan" for him before leaving. JJ returns home finds himself thrown out by his elder brother for attending Heer’s wedding and stealing {{INR}}5 lakh. He takes refuge for two months in the nearby Nizamuddin Dargah, singing qawwalis and finally to Khatara's place, making it his home. Ustad Jameel Khan , a Padma Bhushan classical artist, remembers JJ singing at the Dargah, and prompts Dhingra , the owner of a music company called "Platinum Records", to sign JJ as he foresees a bright future for him. When Sheena , a journalist interviewing Jordan as a rockstar, hints to Jordan that Dhingra intends to send some artists to Prague for a tour and recordings, he instantly volunteers to work there in order to reunite with Heer. Heer, meanwhile, suffers from continuous spurts of health problems. She meets JJ after a while of intimacy, and he tries to profess his love for her, but Heer, being married, spurns his advances. Heer's warns him to stay away from her and he decides to say "bye" one last time before departing for India. While doing so, Jordan trespasses on Heer’s property and is arrested by cops and deported to India. Upon being brought to India, he is overwhelmed by the media attention he receives. Frustrated, JJ clashes with the media and the Indian Police, resulting in a term in jail. Dhingra becomes happy about the publicity he has received because of JJ, as it has helped the sale of his records. After being released, JJ meets Heer's younger sister Mandy  during one of his performances. She asks him to help Heer, as she has been diagnosed with Aplastic Anemia. When JJ goes to meet her, her mother, Neena Kaul , gets angry and asks him to leave her house as she is aware of his past with Heer. To everyone's surprise, Heer starts recovering quickly due to JJ's presence. He starts to spend more time with her disregarding all his work. During a visit to Kangra Valley, Heer accompanies him to one of his concerts where the media links them, portraying her as having an affair despite being married. Heer asks Jordan to take some time off and first finish his work before coming back to her. Her condition worsens ; she slowly slips into a coma, and is discovered to be pregnant with JJ's child. Mandy calls him for one last time hoping that she will recover. However, her condition only worsens. JJ goes and meets her while she is in a coma and finds and realizes that this time she really is gone. The movie then goes back to the beginning with JJ performing "Nadaan Parindey". During the song, Jordan while performing imagines her coming on stage and a recap of their time together follows. The film ends as it started: with JJ performing "Nadaan Parindey", and he envisions Heer's spirit.