Krazy Kat and his spaniel sweetheart are cowpokes. They were riding on a horse and kissing each other. On the way, they found a flyer on a post, promoting a rodeo event which offers considerable prize money. The spaniel ask Krazy to register but the feline was pretty timid at first. When the spaniel flirts him, Krazy was flattered and became obliged to try his luck. Krazy enters the venue and meets up with the other contestants. The other contestants laughed at him because of his short stature but Krazy kept his cool. After a few moments, the games begun and the first challenge involves taming a bodacious bronco. The first two competitors gave their shot respectively but they both only lasted a dozen seconds. Finally, Krazy receives his turn to the field. Because of his lack of rodeo background, however, Krazy was often running away while the bronco chases him all over the place. Watching in stands and fearing for her boyfriend's life, the spaniel tosses a lasso around the surging steed, stopping it in place. The bronco, not realizing what was going on, thought it was under a spell implemented by the cat. Capitalizing on the opportunity, Krazy then helds out and vibrates his paws, attempting to use hypnosis even though he does not actually possess such ability. Nevertheless, the naive bronco, still paranoid about the "spell," obeys the cat's command and went tap dancing. This was a victory for Krazy. Following the challenge with the bronco, other acts just for entertainment took center stage. First a trio of colts danced in the field. Next, Krazy exhibits moves with a lariat, and some pintos momentarily took part in his performance. Then came the final challenge where Krazy encounters a fierce bull. Once more, the cat tries to apply hypnotism. Recalling what seemingly happened to the bronco, the bull actually believed Krazy can control minds, thus taking the feline's order to do a ballet. In this, Krazy was declared winner of the event, and the spectators were delighted. After collecting his prize money in two cash bags, Krazy boards his own horse. He then came to the stands and approached his sweetheart. The spaniel was amazed by how things turned out, and affectionately asks Krazy to carry her along. Krazy picks up his canine girlfriend and puts her on his lap. The two set off in the horse and run into the horizon.