Psychiatrist Michael Hunter  and his wife are watching their daughter Shelly's school play. Their son Kyle, who is suffering from depression, stays at home, because he cannot stand being around people. While the parents are applauding Shelly, Kyle commits suicide in the family's garage. Several years later the family has fallen apart because of their loss. Michael retreats, writes books and holds speeches for students at his alma mater, but he no longer treats patients. When his former student, Barbara Wagner, approaches him asking for help with a case, he initially refuses, but later gives in to taking over the case of 17-year-old Thomas "Tommy" Caffey , who witnessed his father murder his mother. It is Michael's job to decide if the teenager can leave the psychiatric facility when he turns 18. But while working with Tommy, Michael realizes how much the boy reminds him of his own son, and begins to relive his guilt. In flashbacks and conversations, background information of Kyle's suicide is shown. Michael had sent his son to a therapist, his old friend Harry Quinlan, instead of taking medication. In his son's suicide letter, Michael finds out that Quinlan had molested him. When Michael goes to confront Quinlan, he doesn't answer the door. From the backdoor, Michael sees Quinlan holding a gun to his own head; he angrily goads Quinlan into pulling the trigger, and Quinlan ultimately commits suicide. Tommy rebuffs a girl at a party because she wants to have sex with him. At the same party, Tommy befriends Shelly and they become close. Shelly tells Tommy about Kyle and from then on, Tommy uses the information in therapy sessions and manipulates Michael, who more and more sees his own son in him. When Michael visits Tommy's father in prison, he finds out that Tommy had an incestuous relationship with his mother; Tommy's father had beat her to death after walking in on the two of them having sex. Tommy tries to make Barbara release but when she refuses, he breaks into her apartment and knocks her out. He flees with a stolen car and, armed with a weapon, picks up Shelly and speeds off with her. Michael finds the severely-wounded Barbara in her apartment and follows Tommy. The boy's flight comes to an end at the train tracks. Michael confronts Tommy with what his mother did to him, and Tommy surrenders. When a train approaches, Tommy tears loose from Michael's embrace and runs onto the tracks, only for Michael to save him at the last second. In the closing scene, Michael and Tommy lightheartedly play ball together at the institution.