When Veronica  and Meera  who meet unexpectedly, start living together during the summer in London, they have very different agendas. Meera is a shy, introvert and recovering from a hoax marriage to Kunal Ahuja  who has relieved her of her life-savings under the pretence of setting up a base for them in London while Veronica is a rich, spoilt brat who is fearless and free. Meera is spending her time under Veronica’s roof until she can get some footing and find a job in this foreign land. Veronica, on the other hand, is a wild-child, impulsive, constantly looking for distractions to escape facing issues of a troubled upbringing. Being poles apart brings the two close, forging a loyal and solid friendship. Life takes a new turn when Gautam Kapoor , a software engineer by profession, starts living with them in Veronica's house. A sudden spurt of events lead to a panicked Gautam telling his mother  that Meera is the person with whom he is in a relationship. He takes Meera's name as she is the ideal Indian girl every mother would like to have as a daughter-in-law when compared to Veronica. When the trio are on a holiday to Cape Town, Gautam and Meera develop feelings for each other and fall in love. Veronica also realises that she has fallen in love with Gautam. Soon Gautam realizes that he is in the horns of dilemma since he has to choose between Meera and Veronica. Veronica is willing to become an ideal Indian woman which Gautam's mom wants in her daughter-in-law. She tries to change her modern personality. Meera ends up sacrificing her love for her best friend Veronica and moves away from Gautam's and Veronica's lives. Even though Gautam stays with Veronica, he changes and he is never the flirt he used to be because of his love for Meera. Veronica realizes that Gautam's true love is Meera and she should not come between the two. Towards the end of the story, Gautam and Meera confess their love for each other and decide to get married and Veronica helps Gautam marry Meera.