Although it can technically be called a romantic comedy, Dinner at Eight is a study of people at the birth of the Great Depression. The film is set during the early and inchoate beginnings of that time; when, the magnitude of the economic collapse; and, the wrenching political and social changes that it would inflict upon every aspect of the lives of people and institutions, was not fully grasped or comprehended. The movie addresses topics that include wealthy people dealing with the unprecedented, complete and irreversible loss of their money and prestige; relationships between men and women involving power, blind love, selfishness, and unselfishness; and relationships between the wealthy  and those who work for them. One week before her next society dinner, Millicent Jordan  receives word that Lord and Lady Ferncliffe, whom she and her husband Oliver , a New York shipping magnate, had met on holiday in England the previous summer. Overjoyed by this social coup (the Jordans are persons of mere monetary social rank, so the acceptance of their invitation for social intercourse is a granting of status recognition by a person  of higher  class ranking. Yet Millicent is oblivious to Oliver's lack of enthusiasm about the dinner and her daughter Paula's  preoccupation about the impending return of her fiancé, Ernest DeGraff , from Europe. Millicent fusses about finding an "extra man" as escort for her single female guest, former stage star Carlotta Vance , who resides in Europe. Meanwhile Oliver faces distressing news about his shipping business, which has been struck hard by the Depression. He is concerned that someone is secretly trying to buy the company stock. Carlotta, a former lover of Oliver, visits him at his office and confesses that she is nearly broke and very eager to sell her stock in the Jordan Shipping Line. Not wishing to financially harm him, she asks Oliver to buy her stock, but he is not financially able to do so.  While conversing with Carlotta, Oliver is visited by Dan Packard , a rough-talking, nouveau-riche mining magnate . Oliver confides his financial struggles to Dan and asks him to take over some of his stocks  until business improves. With blustering hesitation, Dan agrees only to consider Oliver's proposition. While actually, he has been secretly been buying up the stock; because in truth, he knows it is a valuable asset. Dan then goes home to brag to his brassy, gold digger wife Kitty , that he intends to take over the Jordan Line, and ease into retirement, the clearly past-his-prime, Oliver Jordan. Unknown to Dan, Oliver has already asked Millicent to invite the Packards to her dinner party,and to drop the names of Lord and Lady Ferncliffe as being one of the guest couples invited, who the social climbing Kitty is dying to meet, in the hope that it will end Dan's hesitation to buy the stock. The ill-mannered but socially ambitious Kitty eagerly accepts the invitation but Dan refuses to go, believing he is soon to be appointed to a cabinet position in Washington and, therefore, far above the Jordans. But as Oliver knew, Dan changes his mind at the mention of the Ferncliffes, the richest couple in England. Another of Millicent's guests, Dr. Wayne Talbot , has been carrying on a clandestine affair with Kitty while making a pretense of tending to her feigned illnesses. On the eve of her dinner, Millicent, still short an extra man, telephones Larry Renault , a washed-up silent movie star, and extends a last-minute invitation, utterly unaware that Paula is having a covert love affair with him. At Paula's urging, Larry, a three-time divorcé and hardened alcoholic, accepts the invitation, but advises the much younger Paula to forget him and return to Ernest. After Paula stubbornly refuses to take Larry's admonitions seriously, she is seen leaving his hotel room by Carlotta, who is staying at the same hotel. Larry is visited by his agent, Max Kane , who tells him that the stage play he was planning to star in has lost its original producer. Max breaks the news to Larry that the play's new producer, Jo Stengel , wants another actor in the lead but is willing to consider Larry for a bit part. Although crushed, Larry agrees to think over the offer, then desperately sends a bellboy to pawn a few of his possessions for another bottle of alcohol.  The next day, Dr. Talbot is discovered by his wife Lucy  in a compromising telephone call with Kitty and confesses that, in spite of his love for her, he is addicted to women and needs help to overcome his weakness. Talbot then rushes to see Oliver, who has come to the Doctor's office with severe chest pains. Although Talbot tries to hide his prognosis of terminal thrombosis of the heart, Oliver deduces the seriousness of his illness. When he returns home, the weakened Oliver tries to explain to Millicent his need for rest, but she is too hysterical to hear because, among other minor disasters, the Ferncliffes have cancelled and are on their way to Florida. Although anxious to tell Millicent about Larry, Paula, too, is turned away by her upset mother and faces the prospect of confronting Ernest alone. At the Packards, meanwhile, Kitty reveals to Dan in a fit of anger that she is having an affair. When threatened with divorce, however, Kitty tells her husband that, if he wants his Cabinet appointment instead of a career-stopping revelation from her about his crooked dealings, he must back down from his takeover of Oliver's line and treat her with more respect. Just before he leaves for the dinner, Larry is visited by Max and Jo Stengel and drunkenly berates Stengel for insulting him with his paltry offer. After a frustrated Max denounces him for ruining his last career chance and the hotel management asks him to leave, Larry quietly turns on his gas fireplace and commits suicide.  At the ill-fated dinner, Carlotta confides Larry's demise in private to Paula, who is just about to break her engagement with Ernest. She counsels the young woman to grow-up, face reality, and remain with her fiancé. At the same time, Millicent learns from Talbot about Oliver's illness. Finally awakened to her selfishness, Millicent announces to Oliver that she is ready to make sacrifices for the family and become a more attentive wife. Then, as the beleaguered guests are about to go in to dinner, Dan, with prodding from Kitty, tells Oliver that he has put a stop to the  hostile takeover of the Jordan shipping line, and that if necessary, the Jordan Line's stock will be strengthend by Dan's backing.