A recently widowed single father, Jim Grant , is a former Weather Underground militant wanted for a Michigan bank robbery and the murder of the bank's security guard  in the 1970s. He has been in hiding from the FBI for over thirty years, becoming an attorney in Albany, New York. When Sharon Solarz , another former Weather Underground member, is arrested, an ambitious young reporter, Ben Shepard , is assigned to the story by his prickly editor, Ray Fuller . Ben's ex-girlfriend, Diana , is an FBI agent. He presses her for information about the case. She tells him that Sharon came to town to visit Billy Cusimano , an old hippie who runs an organic grocery. Billy, a friend and client of Jim's, tells Jim about the arrest. Billy is surprised and disappointed that Jim doesn't want to take Sharon's case, and he conveys this information to Ben when Ben questions him. Ben pursues Jim and tries to question him, but Jim tells him to get lost. Spooked by the investigation, Jim takes his 11-year-old daughter, Isabel , and drives to a bus station at the Canadian border; there, he buys bus tickets to Toronto. He tells Isabel that they are taking "a little trip". A neighbor has filed a missing persons report. Ben tells the FBI about the report and that a middle-aged man matching Jim’s description bought bus tickets to Toronto. Ben has also found out that Mimi Lurie , an accomplice in the Michigan bank robbery, was last seen in Canada. A private investigator tells Ben that Jim had no Social Security number prior to 1978. Ben tells the FBI to check Jim's fingerprints against Nick Sloan, another fugitive from the robbery. Meanwhile, Jim and Isabel arrive at a New York City bus station. They go sight-seeing and check into a fancy hotel. The manhunt for Jim is now national news. While Isabel is sleeping, Jim leaves the room key hidden in the hotel lobby, where his brother, Daniel Sloan ([[Chris Cooper , retrieves it and goes to meet Isabel. FBI agents, including Diana's boss Cornelius , chase Jim, who creates a diversion and escapes. Since Ben's information was helpful, Cornelius allows him to interview Sharon. She reveals that Nick and Mimi had a love affair long ago. In California, Mimi imports marijuana into the U.S. aboard a fancy yacht. Mac McLeod , Mimi's boyfriend and boss in the drug trade, notes the manhunt and wonders whether Mimi is thinking about turning herself in; she denies it and says that she'd rather go back into hiding. Meanwhile, Jim has dyed his hair and gone to Milwaukee. He finds Donal , his old best friend. He hopes Donal can help him find Mimi. Ben begins to feel that Jim's actions make no sense for a guilty man. He flies to Michigan to investigate the original crime. He meets with ex-cop Henry Osborne , who was the first person to investigate the robbery. Osborne refuses to talk in front of his wife Marianne and daughter Rebecca . Donal tells Jim to see college professor Jed Lewis . Meanwhile, Ben's investigation leads him back to Osborne. He tries to grill Osborne about his connection to Mimi's father, with whom Osborne served in Vietnam. He also flirts with Osborne's daughter Rebecca and begins to fall for her. Jim finds Jed, who refuses to help him, until Jim mentions that Mimi is his only hope of getting his daughter back. Jed uses his connections with their old radical friends to reach Mac and then Mimi, who is on a boat in the Great Lakes. Mimi hesitates but finally calls Jed, agreeing to meet with Jim. Ben discovers a photo of Osborne and Mimi's father at Linder Pond. He further finds that the property used to be owned by a company called Linder-Lurie. Ben realizes that Nick Sloan and Mimi were not directly responsible for the Bank robbery; Sharon and another associate were the only ones in the bank. If Mimi comes forward, she can alibi Jim. Jim and Mimi meet in a secluded cabin and rekindle old passions. Jim wants Mimi to turn herself in, but she refuses, based on her political convictions. Jim tells her that life has changed; he doesn’t want to leave Isabel behind and repeat an old mistake. Mimi reveals that she saw their own daughter in Ann Arbor, and that she is a beautiful young woman now. Meanwhile, Rebecca calls Ben, telling her that Osborne has news relating to the fact that Rebecca was adopted. Ben immediately understands that she must be Mimi and Nick's daughter; based on the timing of Rebecca's birth, Jim must be innocent. Mimi goes to run to Canada. Ben finds Jim and says that he knows the truth, but Jim says that Ben has ruined his life, and he leaves. Cornelius and Osborne catch Jim. Meanwhile, Mimi turns her boat around and returns to the U.S. She gives herself up; Jim is freed from jail and reunites with Isabel.