The story unfurls in a small town called Almore in UP. Ishaqzaade depicts the love story of two defiant, rebellious individuals: a passionate love story ignited by extreme dislike. The Chauhans and the Qureshis are two political families, whose rivalry and shared hatred for one another goes back generations. Parma  is a good-for-nothing local enforcer and grandson to the patriarch chauvinist Grandfather Chauhan who often takes digs at Parma for being useless and the son of a his widowed daughter-in-law &mdash; whom he considers a bad omen. Zoya  is the trigger-happy, hot-tempered, much-loved only daughter in a house full of men / brothers who are fiercely protective of her. When the local elections take place the full-scale political rivalry ignites between the two clans who will stop at nothing to demean and oust one another. Parma and Zoya meet in the politically life circumstances where their canvassing efforts lead to a clash between them. While Parma is enamored by her beauty and fearlessness, she is intrigued by his goofy and raw charm. He pursues her and they elope. After making love Parma reveals to Zoya that he tricked her into marrying him and that he defiled her to take revenge against her clan and the humiliation she caused him by slapping when he misbehaved with her. Zoya is left heartbroken and devastated as Parma joins his family in acelebration of his becoming a man. Zoya infiltrates her home to shoot Parma but is intercepted by his mother who urges her to calm down and talk the matter out. Parma insists on throwing her out and, in the heat of the moment, Grandfather Chauhan shoots Parma's mother when she tries to defend her son and Zoya from the bloodthirsty families. Parma realizes his mistake and tried to hide Zoya from being murdered by his family Parma and Zoya go on the run and take refuge in a brothel where Zoya learns to forgive Parma and he fulfills his mother's dying wish of taking responsibility for his actions and to be a man and take care of his wife. This gives their love a second chance of life. Zoya decides to try to reconcile with her family and takes Parma with her to win over her dad. Instead they are met with hostility and gunshots which culminates into a chase in an abandoned school building. The families decide that their marriage is a stab to their respective religious communities and political careers; they decide to kill the love birds by joining forces. Parma and Zoya give chase to the goons and finally take refuge on the terrace. They soon realise that they are outnumbered. Zoya asks Parma to shoot her so that their love can win and that they die in each other's arms than being riddled with bullets by their families. The movie ends with the goons checking if they are dead and Parma and Zoya's bodies lying amidst the rubble on the terrace.