? focuses on interfaith relations in Indonesia, a country where religious conflicts are common, and there is a long history of violence and discrimination against Chinese Indonesians.{{sfn}} The storyline follows three families living in a village in Semarang, Central Java: the Chinese-Indonesian Buddhist Tan Kat Sun  and his son Hendra , the Muslim couple Soleh  and Menuk , and the Catholic-convert Rika  and her Muslim son Abi. Sun and Hendra run a Chinese restaurant that serves pork, which is forbidden for Muslims, although the restaurant has many Muslim clients and staff. To ensure good relations with his Muslim employees and customers, Sun uses special utensils for the preparation of pork, which he does not permit to be used for other dishes, and allows his staff time for prayers; he also gives them a holiday during Eid ul-Fitr, the largest Muslim holiday. One of his employees is Menuk, who supports her unemployed husband Soleh. Rika is Menuk's friend and is involved with the unsuccessful Muslim actor Surya . Already in his 70s, Sun falls ill, and the restaurant is taken over by Hendra, who decides it will serve exclusively pork, alienating Muslim customers. Hendra comes into conflict with Soleh over Menuk, as Hendra had previously dated her. Menuk becomes increasingly depressed after Soleh tells her that he plans to divorce her, and they are driven apart. Rika feels stressed because of how she has been treated by her neighbours and family after converting to Catholicism from Islam; Abi is also facing ostracism. Meanwhile, Surya and Doni  are competing for her affections. Surya is upset over his failure to find a good acting job. Soleh joins the Islamic charitable group Nahdlatul Ulama , hoping to gain confidence. Though he is initially reluctant to protect the security of a church, he ends up sacrificing his life when he discovers a bomb has been planted in a Catholic church. He rushes out with the bomb, which explodes outside the church, killing Soleh but away from the worshippers. Sun dies when the restaurant, which did not close to honour Eid ul-Fitr, is attacked by a group of Muslims. After the attack, Hendra reads the 99 Names of Allah and converts to Islam; he attempts to approach Menuk, although it is unclear if she will accept him. Surya receives an offer from Rika to play the role of Jesus in her church's Christmas and Easter pageants, which he accepts for a high fee after hesitating due to fears that it will be against his religion; after the pageant he reads Al-Ikhlas in a mosque. Rika is able to obtain her parents' blessing for her conversion.