The film is set in the small village of Maaskantje in North Brabant. In this village lives a group of friends: Gerrie, Richard, Rikkert, Robbie and Barrie. At the height of the credit crunch, all five lose their jobs. The group perceives themselves as being victims of the credit crisis, although in actuality their misfortune is the result of their idleness, lack of common sense, and poor punctuality. Gerrie, for instance, turns up to work late and drives a fork-lift truck into a plasma screen television. Similarly, Richard brings his old bulldog to work with him, who in turn gnaws at and breaks the shovels of Richard's supervisor. Gerrie is kicked out by his mother, after she catches him trying to steal from her purse. At around the same time, Rikkert breaks up with his girlfriend and Barrie's house  catches fire. Subsequently, all three take refuge in the home of Richard and Robbie. Unable to make ends meet, the group decides that they simply will no longer pay for anything and go on a spree of petty robbery. Their actions draw the attention of a popular Brabant-based journalist, who makes a report on group. They are presented in a sympathetic light and are described as victims with no focus being placed upon the severity of their illegal actions. The report sparks a series of imitation riots in other towns and cities across The Netherlands. In between, the boys in maaskantje make a mess of it, they had a fight with the lawyar, and after that, with a policeman, who gets smashed in the face. In the full of the crisis, Gerrie decides to go to an old friend of his, witch is now a boxor, to rent some money. with this money, he goes to the casino, but when he won the great jackpot, he puts again all in. than Rickert loses his Opel Manta. In response, the Ministry of Defence decides to wipe Maaskantje off the map in an attempt to stop the riots; however, this plan goes wrong initially when the neighboring town of Schijndel is accidentally bombed. when they see it, the boys know the case is critical. On the way back to Maaskantje they meet a farmer who has kept some wapons in his chad from WWII. He says they all can get one, but than he gets shot in his head by accident,by gerry, than richert laughs and says:"more wapons per man." but in the meantime, Maaskantje is surrounded by troops of the dutch goverment. The tagline of the film is 'Niemand komt aan Maaskantje!' .