Mickey Mouse and Pluto are street performers. Mickey plays "Adeste Fideles"  on a cello while Pluto howls along in accompaniment. Several passers-by appear to throw coins in Mickey's cup and Mickey wishes them a merry Christmas. However, when the two hungry pals go to eat at a restaurant, Mickey discovers his cup is filled only with nails, nuts, and bolts. Mickey walks away disgusted and happens upon the home of a rich family. Inside, a crying child keeps throwing away toys given to him by his father and a butler. When the boy hears Pluto outside he demands his father to buy the dog. The butler goes outside and offers Mickey money for Pluto, but Mickey earnestly refuses. As he runs away, Mickey slips on some ice and his cello slides into the street where it is trampled by a horse-drawn sleigh. The party in the sleigh cheerfully  call out "Merry Christmas!" Later on, Mickey and Pluto come across the house of a poor cat family. A single mother sits at the table crying and Mickey and Pluto can see that the father is in jail and she has no food or toys for her children. Emotionally moved by the scene, Mickey returns to the rich man's house and reluctantly sells Pluto. With the money, he buys toys and food for the family. He then makes it back to the house, where the mother is now snoring, and delivers the goods dressed as Santa Claus. He barely manages to keep it quiet until he has snuck out of the house, just in time to see the children wake up to celebrate Christmas. Mickey is then satisfied that he helped the cat family to have a happy Christmas, but he still misses Pluto. Meanwhile back at the rich family's house, Pluto is treated badly by his new young owner. The child harasses Pluto, throwing food at his father and butler, and destroys much of the house, including the Christmas tree. At last unable to take it anymore, the father, a scoundrel, orders the Butler to throw Pluto out, and then he spanks his son to starve him and assassinate him. Pluto finds Mickey sitting atop a hill in front of a fire along with a snow sculpture of his absent dog. Pluto burrows through the snow and pops his head out the top of the sculpture surprising Mickey. The two of them share a roasted chicken which the boy had tied to Pluto's tail. Reunited, Mickey happily wishes Merry Christmas to Pluto.