{{plot}} Ashok , the son of a rich businessman, who has just returned from several years in Europe. Seth Karamchand  gets a telegram. Chandu, his man servant brings it to him and Sethji is extremely happy. Seeing his happiness Chandu asks : Chandu : Is it from Chhote Babu? Sethji : Yes. He has reached Bombay and will be coming here tomorrow. Chandu rushes to the market to buy baingan  for Baingan ka bharta and other favourite vegetables of Chhote Babu. Chandu is very sure that Chhote Babu will still savour his Chutneys and Bharta. The scene shifts to another house. Husband is sitting and reading newspaper. Wife, Sharda  comes screaming into the room calling her servants but none of them seem to be around. Sharda : Suniye, sun rahe hai aap? Jijaji : Ji, boliye. Sharda : Main kab se chila rahi hoon aur aap par asar hi nahin hota. chup chap akhbaar padhe jaa rahe hain.  Jijaji : Aap kahe toh bhool ho gayi, main chilla ke akhbaar padna shuru kar deta hoon.  And he literally starts reading the paper loud. Sharda is a very dominating wife and hardly lets her husband speak. In case if he does get to voice his opinion, she screams : “Aap chup rahiye!” And he obediently replies : “Aap kahe toh bhool ho gayi!” Everybody descends from the flight but they can’t spot Ashok anywhere. So concluding that Ashok didn’t come by that flight, the party returns back home. Sharda knows that Ashok is coming back after 5 years in Europe. He’s the only son of Seth Karamchand, the richest man around. So she feels he’s the most eligible boy in town for her sister, Kavita . Sharda wants Kavita to accompany her and go to receive Ashok at the airport but Kavita refuses because she is of a different opinion. She gives 2 reasons to justify her denial : 1. Mujhe abhi shaadi nahin karni . 2. Ameer baap ke bete se mujhe saqt nafrat hai. Siwaye apne baap ke tukde todna use kuch nahin aata . So off they go to the airport without Kavita. Sethji, Sharda and Jijaji are waiting at the airport and the plane’s landing. Sethji is very excited and says – I’m going to see my son after 5 years. Wonder how much he must have changed and grown. Jijaji : He must have grown by 5 years now, of course! He says that as a matter of fact and with so much of enthu. Kavita and her group of friends are on their way to college when a car passes by splashing slush on Kavita. But the gentleman, Ashok , behind the wheels drives back when he realizes what he has done. But before he can say anything the girls begin scolding him: Starting with Kavita : Junglee, Jaanwar!!! Her friends ask him : Do you drive with your eyese closed? You think that this road is your father’s property? Ashok : I’m so sorry. Kavita : Your sorry wont clean my saree He offers to take her home where she could change and then would drop her to her college. But her friends misunderstand him and tell her : He looks like a goon. He’ll first find out where you live, then the college where you study and thenwill ask for your name. His intentions don’t look good. Enough is enough. He can’t take it any more. So much for his decency! So he offers her some money and tells her to get her saree dry cleaned/washed or get a new one… She retorts : Keep the money to yourself. Buy some wit and good manners if you come across any. That will at least make you a little human. Ashok goes to a garage  and calls out for DeSuza. Somebody answers that he’s dead. Next, he calls for Decruz and the same voice replies that he’s dead too. Finally, he calls for Fernandes and Fernandes crawls out from under a car saying : Zinda hai . It turns out that Ashok and Fernandes were school buddies but Fernandes wasn’t interested in studies. So his uncle took him under his wing and taught him the trick of the trade and gave him a job in his garage. He concludes saying – Apni toh yeh life hai bhaiya aur abhi tak without wife hai . Fernandes fixes his car and off he goes. He reaches home and his father is pretty annoyed that he didn’t inform him that he wasn’t coming by flight, knowing that he would go to the airport to receive him. But one look of regret from his son and the father melts. Ashok explains that his friend, Shamu asked him to drive home instead of taking the flight. Hence, he took his car and came over. They sit down to dine, on a huge dining table and they sit at opposite ends. They can’t even see each other directly, the lamp comes in between and they keep bending on opposite sides while talking so that one is visible to the other. The next day he goes out and sees Kavita and her friends at a petrol pump. He overhears them mention putting up at Ashok Hotel. He follows them. And they all shower him with the same gaalis again calling him Aawara, Loafer, Badmaash, Junglee etc. He accepts that he spoiled her saree that day but even they punctured his tyre, so it’s not fair to label only him a budtameez. Ashok : For your kind information I’m a good decent guy and will prove it to you when the time comes. In the mean time, during the conversation he manages to poke their tyre with something, leaving them behind with a flat tyre. He drives ahead and when he realizes that they have stopped their car, he gets down and offers some suggestions but nobody wants them. He worries them all the more by singing Yun na dekho hume baar baar. Finally Kavita and group reach Ashok Hotel and they declare they are from Sharda college but the Manager apologizes saying he couldn’t book a room for them as all the rooms are already filled. They all get worried because it’s dark already and they don’t know the place. They request the Manager to arrange for something but he says there isn’t anything much he can do. But if they would go and talk to the owner, they might get a room if their luck favours them because there are rooms reserved for the owners. Kavita, the leader of the group goes to speak to the owner. But when she realizes it’s Ashok she just walks out. But her friends are in no mood of going and searching for another place to spend the night. So they try convincing Ashok. They literally corner him. But he strikes a deal that he would give them a room provided their leader, Kavita comes and requests for it! Pehle apne langoor jaisa shakal toh dekhe! Main request karoon?!!! – This is her reaction when she hears of the deal. But when her friends emotionally blackmail her into arranging an accommodation for them, she gives in and reqests Ashok to give them a room, which he immediately does. The following morning Sethji also turns up at the hotel demanding the Manager for Book of Accounts. When he learns that Ashok’s there, he goes to his room. Kavita and group happen to be at the counter. Manager confides in them that Sethji is very short tempered. This gives her an idea to get Ashok into trouble. So she sends her friends one my one to Ashok’s room, all of them claiming to be his girlfriends. After the first one leaves, Ashok explains to his father that she’s gone crazy. But when this continues, Sethji : You mean to say all these girls have gone crazy? Ashok :It is possible Sethji : Or think think I’ve gone crazy to believe you? He orders Ashok to pack his bag immediately and leave with him.It’s Ashok’s birthday and Sharda and Jijaji are getting ready for the party. Sharda wants Kavita to accomany them but Kavita refuses. Jijaji convinces her to join them and finally she gives in and goes with them to Sethji’s house. But the best part it she doesn’t know that her Badmaash, Junglee, Budtameez is the birthday boy. She’s quite surprised to find him even there. And ignores him as much as she can even after learning he’s Sethji’s son. Ashok then falls for her although she hates him . Kavita’s sister is already bent on fixing her marriage to Ashok, but Kavita doesn’t want to marry a rich guy who lives on “his father’s crumbs”—which she also tells Ashok. Ashok is not about to give up just because the girl doesn’t like him. He asks his friend Fernandes  for a job as a mechanic in his garage, explaining that he needs to get a new image. Somehow he manages to convince Kavita that he is Mohan the mechanic, not Ashok the rich loafer. They fall in love, although Ashok continues to annoy Kavita as himself too. Kavita is distressed when her sister insists on fixing her marriage to Ashok, and tells her she will only marry Mohan. Her sister is unimpressed with this idea. Naturally when his deception is eventually uncovered, Kavita is quite angry. He points out that she’s loved him by one name and hated him by another, but that he’s the same person beneath the names. Subsequently they get engaged. Ashok is invited to a school friend’s wedding, but soon after his arrival the groom’s father is told about a scandal from the bride’s past  and he cancels the wedding. Ashok pleads with them on the bride’s behalf. Ashok marries the bride, Sheila, to save her and her family from dishonor. He gets married without even seeing the girl and then takes her home and goes. But Sethji isn’t very pleased with him for what he has done. He kicks him out of the house. So Ashok goes back to the garage and lives there with his wife, Sheila .Sharda and Jijaji are shocked to hear the news. Kavita blames him for cheating on her. Ashok wanders along singing Main bewafa nahin hoon tere pyaar ki kasam. But Jijaji tells her it’s not fair to reach a conclusion without knowing the entire truth. So she sets out to find the truth. She goes to Ashok’s house and meets Sheila. And the poor soul pours her heart out to her. He keeps repeating his belief that Sheila made one mistake, and why should she have to suffer the rest of her life for it? He says this to his father as well when he brings his new wife home, but his father is enraged and throws them out of the house. Ashok takes Sheila to his old digs at the garage, and they settle in to make a new life. But what about Kavita? What will she do? Can Ashok live in poverty after growing up in great wealth? Kavita feels guilty for accusing Ashok of infidelity. She sings O {{not a typo}} mana mere meet. Kavita still loves Ashok  but Ashok comes in terms with his life. He accepts that it was not in his fate to marry Kavita and is content with what he has got. He tries his best to forget his past and to start his life afresh with Sheila. Even her past doesn’t bother him. He doesn’t blame her for coming in between him and Kavita but accepts her whole-heartedly and does his best to be a good husband. So what next??? What happens to Kavita? Ashok and Sheila are quite happily married. What will happen to this love triangle? Will Sethji finally accept Sheila as his daughter-in-law? Will Sharda ever forgive Ashok for what he has done to Kavita?The first half a light-hearted romantic comedy and the second half is about the double standard adopted for women, with Ashok the voice of reason and “modern” thinking.