The Dekarangers encounter the Algolian Gas Drinkers following a high-speed pursuit, and while the Alienizer gang manages to retreat, Deka Break recovers a briefcase that they were carrying. Inside the briefcase is a top-secret virus called "Golden Snow", which was being experimented on the planet Leslie. As communications to Leslie have failed, Tetsu is assigned to travel to the planet to investigate while the other Dekarangers scout around for leads on the Gas Drinkers' whereabouts. Ban and Jasmine enter a nightclub, where Ban meets Marie Gold, a beautiful singer with the ability to temporarily stop time. She also reveals herself as an undercover SPD officer from Leslie. It is revealed that the Gas Drinkers released the Golden Snow virus on Leslie, turning the planet's population into machine slaves. Marie is the only survivor, as she was on patrol duty outside the planet. The gang's intention was to infect planets with the virus before selling the vaccine to them for a high price with the help of Agent Abrella; however, their plans were complicated by the Dekarangers' intervention upon their arrival on Earth. Later, Marie uses her time-stopping power to steal the virus from Swan-san's laboratory, as she had made a deal with the Gas Drinkers to exchange it for the vaccine to save her planet. After Jasmine uses her ESPer abilities to track Marie's whereabouts, the Dekarangers head to an abandoned warehouse outside town to stop the exchange from happening. While Ban confronts Marie over her sense of justice, the Gas Drinkers' leader Volger injects her with the full dose of the virus, telling the Dekarangers that she will fall violently ill and spread it all over Earth in an hour unless they pay 10 billion for the vaccine. Marie pleads to Ban to kill her in order to prevent the virus from spreading, but he promises to recover the vaccine and save her. After Murphy takes Marie back to Deka Base, the Dekarangers have the Gas Drinkers approved for deletion. Deka Blue destroys Whinsky, while Deka Yellow and Deka Pink eliminate Gene and Deka Green takes down Brandyl. Deka Red engages Volger in a gun fight, but finds himself cornered when the Alienizer cheats by using an energy attack on him. Deka Master suddenly appears from an SPD helicopter and intervenes, giving Deka Red an opportunity to chase after Volger while he cuts down three Igaroids with the Vega Slash. Deka Red defeats Volger and recovers the vaccine before throwing it to Deka Master, who heads back to Deka Base. However, Volger recovers and teleports to Leslie to prepare his machine slaves for an invasion of Earth. Dekaranger Robo arrives on Leslie to stop Volger, but is pummeled by his Heavy Industrial Machine Killer Tank. A Blast Buggy driven by Deka Break arrives to intervene and combine with Dekaranger Robo to form Dekaranger Robo Full Blast Custom to cut down Volger's machine slave army and destroy Killer Tank. The next day, a fully recovered Marie bids farewell to the Dekarangers, as she is on her way to return to Leslie with the vaccine. Before she leaves, she stops time to give Ban a flower and a kiss, hoping to see him again soon.