An adaptation of the Charles Dickens classic, A Christmas Carol. An overexcited Roo, along with Pooh, Piglet, Tigger and Eeyore, pay Rabbit a visit to celebrate Easter. But instead of finding an Easter party they find a Spring Cleaning Day celebration led by Rabbit who makes up the holiday to replace Easter. Rabbit finds out Tigger was right about him liking Easter in his past. Meanwhile, the narrator purposely takes Rabbit to Roo's house instead of his own to show him how much Roo and the others still care about him, and how he should do the same thing, but Rabbit remains stubborn and angry and unconvinced. He even puts away Piglet's pink Easter basket, Pooh's special honey pot, Eeyore's fluffy bunny ears, and Tigger's striped Easter egg in the chest saying, "If they just listen, if they follow orders, do as I say, but no no." So late that night, the narrator takes Rabbit into the "pages that not have yet been written", or into the future of the Hundred Acre Wood. It is Spring Cleaning Day, and all the supplies and chores are organized exactly as Rabbit wanted, which makes him very happy. But when he asks the narrator where everyone is, thinking that their late as usual, the narrator tells him that they're not late but gone, because they moved away from the Hundred Acre Wood. He tries to find them, but sees that all their houses are empty. When he was at Tigger's house, Rabbit finds Roo's drawing of him and Roo, and rushes to Kanga and Roo's house, which was also empty. So confused Rabbit says, "Roo was so looking forward to..," and the narrator asks, "Spring Cleaning Day was it?" But Rabbit says no because it was Easter, regretting what he done, he asks where his friends are. But the narrator laughs at the word 'Friends' and says that Rabbit certainly didn't treat them like friends, and shows him the way he was acting, and tells that he never thought about what the others wanted and was only thinking of himself. Rabbit finally realizes that he was wrong to try to control something that everyone shares and loves, and decides to change the future by changing his attitude to everyone else. But however he learns that the Easter supplies were taken with his friends when they moved. Saboris appeared as the evil spirit of darkness and kills Rabbit by firing a ball of igniting death. Rabbit explodes to Death and the Hundered Acre Wood disappeared. But until next morning he wakes up on Easter day and he sees the supplies is back in the box. At the same time, Roo and the others come up with another idea in hopes of cheering Rabbit up, and while they are busy working, Rabbit, feeling as "giddy as a jackrabbit", brings out all the Easter decorations and starts happily preparing a big surprise for his friends. The movie ends with the annual Easter celebration proceeding as planned.