Situated in a facsimile of London's Christmas Square, the special is co-hosted by Rex , an erudite and intellectual tyrannosaurus, and Herb , a dimwitted, bespectacled styracosaurus with a voracious appetite. Some critics have cited similarities between these two characters and film critics Gene Siskel and Roger Ebert. Recurring characters in Vinton's films dating back to 1980, Rex and Herb introduce several stand-alone videos of Christmas carols and standards and discuss the origins of each song relating to different holiday traditions around the world. The songs featured were: * "We Three Kings" by the Three Wise Men and their doo-wop-singing camels * "Carol of the Bells" performed at Notre Dame Cathedral under the direction of Maestro Quasimodo by The Paris Bell-Harmonic, a group of anthropomorphic church bells who strike themselves in the head with hammers to achieve their respective notes * "O Christmas Tree" performed by a children's choir, showing various scenes taking place inside of Christmas ornaments * "Angels We Have Heard On High", an instrumental version of the carol with an interpretive ice ballet performed by a pair of walruses and six penguins. * "Joy to the World", a soulful rendition of the carol featuring images depicting African-American culture * "Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" sung by the California Raisins  * "Here We Come A-Wassailing" sung by the entire cast Throughout the program, Rex futilely attempts to clarify the true pronunciation and meaning of the term 'wassail', featured in the Christmas carol Here We Come A-Wassailing. As the show progresses, Rex is dismayingly accosted by different groups singing the song, though each version is lyrically incorrect. *Here We Come a-Waffling, sung by a kennel of dogs selling waffles from a vendors wagon. *Here We Come a-Waddling, by a gaggle of straggling geese carrying baskets of goodies. *Here We Come a-Wallowing, by a herd of slovenly pigs on a field wagon gorging themselves on an abundance of assorted fruits.  Though Rex is convinced his own definition is correct, he finds himself continually being questioned by the others, including Herb when he's not busy excessively partaking of the various Christmas treats offered by each group. Finally, near the program's end, a large truck loaded with cider-swilling townsfolk arrives on the scene, singing the correct version of the carol, validating Rex's theories much to his delight. After one of the townies explains the real meaning of wassailing—going around the neighborhood singing Christmas Carols, and getting treats and cordials, the entire cast performs Here We Come A-wassailing, and then We Wish You a Merry Christmas as the end credits roll. This special was released on the Henstooth Video DVD Will Vinton's Claymation Christmas Plus Halloween & Easter Celebrations in 2003.