Khalifah , a young, physically attractive woman, is working at the salon run by her deceased mother's friend Rita . After her shift, she goes home by bus and passes a group of three teenaged boys who make catcalls. Upon arriving at home, she talks with her father, Bilal , her brother Faisal  and her father's friend Riko about Riko's nephew, Rasyid . Khalifah is asked to marry him, and is told that it is her decision; after she sees that her father is considering selling his wedding ring to pay the rent, she agrees. Khalifah and Rasyid are married and move in together. The two have very different habits, with Rasyid strictly following Islamic doctrine and Khalifah living a more metropolitan lifestyle; their relationship is also stressed by Rasyid often leaving for weeks at a time for business. Eventually, Rasyid convinces Khalifah to wear a headscarf; after she begins wearing it, her friends and colleagues compliment her on the choice. Meanwhile, she meets a new neighbour, the tailor Yoga , and begins to feel attracted to him; she does not act on this attraction. Khalifah soon learns that she is pregnant. Rasyid is also overjoyed at the news, giving Khalifah a special tonic to help her with the pregnancy. However, when Khalifah miscarries during prayer while Rasyid is abroad, she is devastated; when Rasyid learns of the miscarriage, he says that it is because she has sinned and tells her to wear the niqab. Although initially displeased, she agrees. The following day, Rasyid leaves on business for two months, and Khalifah engages Yoga to make her niqab. However, her life outside the house changes rapidly, with passersby staring, pointing, or even accusing her of being a terrorist. Although she initially attempts to quit her job at the salon as she cannot work with the niqab on and cannot be seen by other men with it off, Rita chooses to make the salon exclusively for women on Fridays and Saturdays; this results in another niqab-wearing woman, Fatimah , to come to the salon. Fatimah is able to answer Khalifah's questions on the garment and its social context. Khalifah learns that she is pregnant again, and tells Rasyid when he returns. Although he is at first happy, he becomes increasingly withdrawn; he soon leaves again. Yoga leaves for Saudi Arabia to work as a tailor there. Not long afterwards, as Khalifah is preparing to go to work, she is stopped by a woman on the street who accuses her of being a terrorist; Khalifah is soon picked up and questioned by the police, only to be released when the chief indicates that Bilal, his former teacher, is her father. As Khalifah is recovering at her family's home, she sees on television that a group of suspected terrorists were caught in a firefight with police, and a niqab-wearing gunman was killed. Immediately afterwards there is a knock at the door, with the police having come to ask Khalifah to identify Rasyid's body; in the morgue, she meets Rasyid's other wife and child, of whom she had no knowledge. Upon returning home, she removes everything that connected her to Rasyid, including the niqab. Several months later, with her baby already born, Khalifah receives a package in the post from Yoga; inside, she sees that it is a new niqab. Trying it on in a mirror, she takes it off and says "I am Khalifah".