Madanagopal is a bachelor who has great dreams about his future wife. He imagines a girl to be his dream girl who has all sorts of beauty right from head to foot. But his parents arrange marriage with a girl Bhagyalakshmi without his consent. Gopal shocks on seeing the photograph of his future wife as she is a fat, ugly and uncultured and not even near to his expectations of his dream girl according to him. On the day of marriage he runs away from the marriage hall and because of which marriage stops. Gopal parents find him and make him to marry her as their daughter needs to marry the brother of bride. Gopal gets very disappointed about his marriage. On the first night he shouts at his wife that she is no way suited to his personality and he does not want to live with her.Bhagyalakshmi understands his feelings and keeps quiet. Both of them live in the same room but does not live together.Gopal feels that he made a sacrifice of his life by marrying a woman like Bhagyalakshmi and so he does not respect his in-laws. Bhagyam tolerates all of his stupid acts as she loves him very much and also her inferiority complex. Even after his marriage Gopal does not stop dreaming about his dream girl and introduces himself as a bachelor in office of the new Bank job which he got from recommendation of his father-in-law. Chakavarthi brother of Bhagyalakshmi visits his sister's home and finds about Gopal. He keeps on following Gopal and informs his whereabouts to his sister. Bhagyalakshmi asks him to have a mistress for himself to which Gopal denies half-mindedly.Gopal's mother gets angry that her daughter is conceived but Bhagyalakshmi shows no sign of pregnancy and she pricks her a lot. Hence Gopal seduces his wife but reveal he did for her sake as he feels pity on her. This angers Bhagyalakshmi as she wants the love of her husband and not his pity. Gopal is given a task of collecting the loan amount from a woman named Maragathambal and he goes in search of her. On the way he is stopped by a young woman who calls him to her home. She sells some vessels at her home and pays the loan installment. Gopal feels bad on that and so he gets some time from the bank to repay the amount. The girl introduces herself as Banu an unemployed woman and grand daughter of Maragathambal. Slowly a friendship develops between both of them and he vists her home frequently. One day Gopal becomes emotional while both are alone and seduces Banu. Banu forgives him for his act and asks him to marry her but gets shocked when she knows he is married. Gopal runs away from the place feeling guilty of spoiling a homely girl's life. Actually Banu is not a homely girl but a prostitute who cunningly wants to trap Gopal.Bhagyalakshmi becomes pregnant and Gopal turns his attention towards her to take good care of her because of which he reduces the frequency of his visit to Banu. Banu understands that he slowly escaping from her and blackmails him that she is also pregnant and compels him to marry her. She ties the sacred knot by herself when police come to arrest on brothel case. Gopal accepts to them that he married Banu. Gopal's family come to know about his relationship with another woman and shout at him. But Bhagyalakshmi keeps quiet and calm and is confident that her husband will come back to her. Meanwhile Gopal finds the background of Banu and the woman who is not her grandmother but her servant man. He catches her in red hand and warns her that she should not interfere in his life anymore and dumps her. Banu complaints to police that Gopal married her as second wife when his first wife is alive and Gopal is arrested. Bhagyalakshmi meets Banu and tells her to leave away her husband to which Banu does not accept and she threatens that he will face the consequences in court. But Bhayalakshmi shows all evidences of previous cases where Banu trapped men like how she trapped Gopal and so her case will not succeed. Banu gets furious on this.Since she has no other option she decides to go away and trap some other man. But she sets a revenge on both Gopal and Bhagyalakshmi before leaving from him and plans to attack pregnant Bhagyalakshmi. Gopal convinces about Banu to police and struggles to save his wife but Bhagyalakshmi get attacked by the man arranged by Banu when she tried to save her husband. She is admitted in hospital and after much serious treatment delivers triplets. Gopal re-unites with his wife and kids and live happily.