The films opens in a recording studio, where Billy "Eye" Harper, , is working on a few tracks with his band and his girlfriend/back up singer, , after he finishes the recording, Billy and the rest of the band leave. Despite trying to record her own vocal tracks, Lynn is left to herself to go up to the jacuzzi upstairs, after refusing Kevin  the recording engineer's offer to join her. Meanwhile "Billy" returns to the studio, where he finds only Kevin and Mary , Kevin's assistant. In an enigmatic move, "Billy" kills Kevin by slitting his throat, and impaling Mary on a wall-mounted coat peg. When Lynn returns she finds Billy smoking some drugs at the recording studio's control panel. Unbeknownst to Lynn, Billy had just killed both Kevin and Mary while she was gone. Once Lynn finds out that however, she is luckily saved by some security guards. After a brief intermission, we are taken to 2 years later, where it is revealed that Billy was captured, tried, and executed. It is now the "Rocktober Blood Tour Press Party", and Lynn and the remaining band members are touring as Headmistress. A VJ who interviews Lynn, asks several questions about the band's tour, as well as Billy's fall from grace. To which Lynn responds that "Identifying Billy was the hardest thing she ever had to do." A mysterious figure then appears in a Halloween "death" mask, and tells Lynn to meet with Chris , the band's manager, in the office. When she arrives in the office, she is corned by Billy in the said death mask, who leaves her curled up, and crying on the floor. After that, Billy persistently stalks Lynn, killing people involved with her along the way, but hiding the bodies of Lynn's friends, to make others think she's crazy by claiming that Billy was after her. Eventually Honey , convinces Lynn to dig up Billy's grave. They find out that, Billy is dead, and Lynn assumes that she's hallucinating. The next night, Lynn and the band are getting ready for the show, when Billy reappears, and tells Lynn that he's really his twin brother, John Harper, and that she identified the wrong man. John tells Lynn that the people he killed valued Billy more than him, even though he wrote the renowned songs himself. Then John chloroforms Lynn's mouth, and the show begins. A prop coffin pops up on the stage, and Lynn is reveled inside. John tells her that his plan is to kill her as the show's grand finale. When John removes his mask however, security rushes in attacking him with an electric guitar.http://heavymetalhorror.com/rocktoberblood.html