The short film is about a student named Jason . It starts with him in a class, presenting what he think is facts about the existence of UFOs. He is rejected by his teacher  and the other students laugh at him. His fellow student and love interest, Samantha  walks up to Jason after school and asks him if it is true that Jason and his friends are going to spend the night in the Pine Barrens. She also tells him she got invited as well. Since Jason's birthday is coming up that weekend, she gives him a book called Legend of the Blue Hole. She tells him that she got it for him from a store called 'Mystique Antiques.' Later, Jason and his fellow students have set up a campfire in the Pine Barrens to study the myths of New Jersey as they set out to look for the New Jersey Devil, but as usual, Jason is the most enthusiastic person in the group, and people make fun of him once more. Jason looks inside the book and discover that it is missing some pages. He asks Samantha from where she said she got it. Jason makes up his mind and goes to the store, from which Samantha stated she got the book. The store is a dark place with strange items and occult books about witchcraft and the paranormal. Jason asks the storekeeper  if he own any copies of Legend of the Blue Hole, but he tells Jason that he already sold the last one to someone else, supposedly Samantha. But he fortunately he do have the missing pages, which include a map of the area in the Pine Barrens where a lake called the Blue Hole is located. He gives them to Jason but tell him that the Blue Hole is a bottomless pit, and home to the Devil, and that if you swim in it, the Devil will reach up and grab you and drag you to Hell. He tell Jason that he must never go to the place. At home before going to sleep, Jason sits down to read in the book. It is indeed the fewe missing pages. In the end he makes up his mind, and the next day he goes off to look for the Blue Hole, but when he finds it and swims in it, he is declared missing. The film ends with Jason being stuck in the year 1971. Here, he is given a store which happen to be Mystique Antiques, but in the past. In the store, he meet Samantha, who tell him she was worried and had decided to go look for him and had swum in the lake as well. She makes the conclusion, that the Blue Hole must be some kind of timewarp, and Jason agrees. And the film ends with an elderly Jason inside the store in the future, laughing as the image fades to black.