Haku Kale doesn't want to live his life in poverty. He plans to rob a bank. According to his plan he needs four guys who are in dire need of money. The story begins with the song "Paisa" and after the song, the team plans for their loot on the roof of a building. The members are Gofle, Nare, Khatri and Pandey. The film tells the story about Khatri first. He is the drug and small arms dealer. He had spent some time in jail. Haku Kale follows him all the way across Thamel eye-contacting a pedestrian who will be the original member of robbery. He finds him and summons him in robbery of bank. Next, the film tells the story of Nare who is a gambler and a bouncer at a club. He once asks for Rs.30000 and loses it and has to give triple the money in 7 days. He hides in somewhere in Bhaktapur for 15 days when he is caught hiding. He runs for life and Haku Kale saves him, giving Rs.10000 as advance that he will pay up all the money. He then tells Nare the plan to rob the bank and he agrees. Then comes the story of Gofle and Pandey who are umemployed. Pandey has a girlfriend named Ayesha. They meet at the temple and talks about the marriage. Pandey tells that he has nothing to keep her happy throughout the life. Ayesha gets disappointed that he is not willing to marry her easily and heads home. Pandey and Gofle encounter Haku Kale, Nare and Deven Khatri at Haku Kale's hotel where Gofle tries to steal off Nare's purse. After stealing the purse, Gofle tells Pandey to leave the hotel as there was some urgent work. Haku Kale Finds that Gofle has stolen the purse and stops them from escaping. Nare and Khatri fights with these two guys and Gofle challenges Haku Kale for a fight. Haku Kale agrees for a fight but he does not want trouble in his hood so he gives Gofle his phone number. Another day, when Gofle and Pandey walk off the road, they encounter Haku Kale at butcherhouse and start fighting there. Haku Kale catches Gofle's testicles and tells him about the robbery plan. Gofle agrees and convinces Pandey to make up his mind and attend the robbery. Finally he finds four guys for the bank robbery plan. Nare has a plan for betraying Haku Kale,Gofle and Pandey and take their money but he tells Khatri about the plan because he needs one extra man for his betraying plan. While talking about the plan, Pandey strikes with Khatri running all the way and Khatri gets hurt on his head. Khatri kicks him and Gofle finds him and starts fighting. Haku Kale stops them from fighting and says that there will be more money deposited on the robbery day. Khatri, Gofle, Pandey and Nare apologizes Haku Kale for fighting and decides to go to dance club and Pandey refuses to come. That's where "Udreko Choli" song starts. The day before the robbery, Gofle says that he is scared about if the police will arrest them and Pandey threatens him from saying so because he is the one who convinced him to rob the bank. He calls his girlfriend, Ayesha lying that he is going to get a big job and get a huge sum of money. On the robbery day, Haku Kale tells the members to arrive at the bank at 12:30pm and start their work. But when they arrives at the scene the bank is already being robbed by someone else, so they decides to leave the scene. Haku Kale, who was also inside the bank with disguised appearance calls the police and blames Gofle, Nare, Khatri and Pandey for robber. All this was planned by Haku Kale. He already had five men team including himself but he uses Gofle, Nare, Khatri and Pandey so that his team can escape the robbery easily. Haku Kale meets with the five members to share the money and tells them to cross the national border as soon as possible and not to have contact with any member of the team. Haku Kale leaves his hotel with his family and change his outer appearance and live a new life.