In the early 1940s, two tempeh makers in Dukuh Paruk, a small hamlet in Banyumas, Central Java, accidentally sell poisoned tempeh, which kills several residents, including the much respected ronggeng . The residents of the hamlet begin panicking and rioting, killing several, including the tempeh makers. The daughter of the tempeh makers, Srintil, survives and is raised by her grandparents, Mister and Missus Kartareja . Twelve years later, Srintil , now seventeen years old, and Rasus  are fast friends; Rasus also has romantic feelings for her. With the hamlet in a depression since the loss of its ronggeng, Kartareja receives a vision that Srintil will become a great dancer, capable of saving the village from destruction; he convinces her become a ronggeng. She then tries to proves herself by dancing at the grave of Ki Secamenggala, the hamlet's founder, and when a spectator becomes entranced and dances vigorously with her, Kartareja announces that she has been accepted by the founder. Meanwhile, Indonesian Communist Party member Bakar  is convincing local farmers to join the party, saying that the communists are the only ones who can help the wong cilik . After the success of her dance at the grave of Ki Secamenggala, Srintil is told that she must undergo a final ritual before she can truly become a ronggeng, called bukak klambu , where her virginity will be sold to the highest bidder. This upsets Rasus, who tells Srintil that he is not comfortable with her becoming a ronggeng. Srintil says that she will give her virginity to Rasus, and on the day of the bukak klambu they have sex in a goat shack; that evening, Srintil has sex with a local boy and becomes a full ronggeng. Devastated, Rasus runs away and joins the army, where he befriends Sergeant Binsar ; Binsar teaches him to read and wins Rasus' trust. Meanwhile, the residents of Dukuh Paruk fully embrace communism. Ten years later, following the failed Communist-led coup d'état in Jakarta, Rasus returns to Dukuh Paruk with the army to kill the communists. However, other residents are killed, including Srintil.