The film opens with an unknown man drawing and organizing diagrams to the song Silent Night. He picks up his parka coat and leaves. While attending a Christmas party, David  offers to drive his co-worker, Emily , home. Reluctantly, he allows his friend Corey  to accompany them. On the car ride, Corey forces David to pull up at a local ATM, wanting to get money for pizza. Corey and David enter the ATM to withdraw money, and shortly after, Emily joins them. When the three are about to leave, they turn to see a hooded figure lurking outside. While Corey suggests they return to the car, Emily and David are reluctant, believing the figure to be a robber. Although they are scared, they realize, though later proven wrong by David, that the figure cannot get in without an ATM card. The hooded figure murders a local man walking his dog, prompting the three to call the police, only to realize they had left their cellphones in the car. While the three are panicking inside, the hooded figure cuts off the heater in the ATM booth, effectively making it colder. David decides to reason with the hooded figure, and attempts to give him 500 dollars, valuable earrings, and a watch in return for their safety. While giving the money to the hooded figure, he runs back to the car, attempting to grab Emily's phone to alert the police. He is chased to the car, gets the phone and realizes the wires have been cut preventing the car from being driven. The hooded figure then attacks him by smashing out the passenger's side window. He escapes the car and is chased back to the ATM booth, unharmed, but drops the cellphone along the way. Emily uses her lipstick to write "HELP" on the ATM booth's window. The hooded man takes the phone, the valuables and the wallet from the dead man. As the three begin to freeze, a security guard sees the sign and goes to investigate, but is beaten to death by the hooded figure  in the process, leaving them hopeless. Another man with a similar coat to the killer enters the ATM, but Corey and David manage to kill him by strangling him. They later realize that the man was innocent and was only going to work, because he was the janitor. Corey takes his coat and grows angry and tired and attempts to leave the ATM booth, but is caught and stabbed by the hooded figure. After several more hours freezing in the ATM booth, David and Emily realize Corey is still alive. They both run outside, grab him, and manage to return to the ATM booth before the hooded figure gets to them. While David and Emily attempt to stifle Corey's bleeding wound, the hooded figure begins to fill the ATM booth with cold water, attempting to freeze them to death. Corey eventually dies of blood loss and hypothermia. David and Emily concoct a plan to trigger the fire alarm to send for help, using Corey's lighter, a trash can, and paper. Emily climbs on David's shoulders and manages to get the fire close enough to the fire alarm and is successful, but David slips and Emily falls, smashing her head, and dies. The man had driven David's car against the door before filling the ATM with water and now smashes the security guard's car into it. Angered, David attempts to throw a Molotav cocktail at the hooded killer, only to realize that it is not the killer, but the body of the killed security guard. The police arrive and David is arrested. While David is being driven away, he sees several figures in similar parkas as the killer, still unsure of who the masked madman could be. The police find a video tape recording the events within the ATM, but it is made obvious that the killer had planned his actions so as not to appear in the footage, effectively framing David for the killer's crime. He also planted other evidance against David. In the final scene of the film, the hooded figure, still unknown, returns to his headquarters, where he begins to map out similar attacks on a mini-mart.