One evening, a penniless woman in an old hood is walking on the street, carrying a basket with a baby in it. She then lays it by the door of a wax museum owned by Oswald. The woman knocks on the door and leaves. Oswald opens up and saw what's in front of him. In doubt that he would make a good caretaker, however, the rabbit was reluctant to take the child in, and therefore goes back inside. But before the door closes, the baby, who is a boy, climbs out of the basket and enters the place. To his surprise, Oswald found the baby boy indoors. He then goes on walking around, wondering what he should do. But when the child cling onto his leg and asks to be accepted, Oswald changed his mind. As it was late that night, Oswald went to sleep, sharing his bed with his new little brother figure. The baby boy, however, isn't sleepy and decides to have a little tour of the museum. While wondering the museum's hallways, the baby boy finds part of his pyjamas opened. He then asks some statues to close it for him. After one of them provides assistance, that statue decides to show the little sightseer around. Thus all the other wax characters in the area came to life and went into a celebration by singing and dancing. It was a beautiful experience. The baby boy walks further in the museum and into another section. Unlike the ones he met previously, however, the statues there are hideous and hostile. They want nothing more than to torment anyone who steps into their abode. To defend himself, the baby boy grabs a blow torch, liquifying some of the wax monsters. Despite the child's advantage, the wax monsters were able to get close enough and take his weapon away. They then forced their victim onto a platform and began to pour molten wax on him. Back in the bedroom, Oswald hears the baby boy's cries for help, and makes the run. But by the time the rabbit reached the location, it was too late, and all that's left on the platform is a wax relic in the shape of an infant. Oswald was then caught by the wax monsters to suffer a similar fate. It turns out all that trouble was in Oswald's dream. Finally waking up in his bed, Oswald was relieved to see the baby boy completely unscathed. He was then asked by the child to button the rear part of the latter's jammies.