The film starts with Unni , who hails from a royal family returning from prison. He had killed the son of a large family who are now searching for him. Due to which his parents take him to Chennai and enroll him in a Law college. There he meets Meera([[Rambha who falls in love with Unni. Unni had a feud with Meera's brother's gang at the college. As always Unni wins. So they send a "killer" to break his arms, who runs away on seeing Unni. Unni then Narrates his flashback to Meera. In his flashback he tells how he met Aswathyin a temple and how he falls in love for her. Unni was studying in Cochin Law college where he stood for elections and won. His father did not want his son to be the leader and Unni leaves the house after a feud with his father. He earns his living as an autorickshaw driver. One day one of his friend's auto is taken by the Finance company without any reason. Unni goes to the office and hits the manager.The manager sends his gonda who is the "Killer" now in Chennai. Unni breaks his arms and takes the auto from the company. Then he becomes their hero. Aswathy's parents have died and are looked after by her 3 uncles. Aswathy thinks that her uncles are good but are actually corrupt and one wants his son to marry Aswathy so that he can inherit all her parents property. Aswathy accidentally gets into the autorickshaw of Unni when she is going to met her Uncle's son who has come from Bangalore. From the travel he comes to know about her name and her house.Unni comes to know that she was gong to meet her future husband and as he is love with her delays the travel by all means. She becomes fed up with him and decides to tell her Uncle. She along with her uncle plan to make fun of him and calls Unni to her House. Unni comes to know that Aswathy's Uncle is the auto company owner and they beat him badly. She falls for him when she sees him being injured. They decide to get married and in the drama that follows Unni kills Aswathy's uncle's son. After hearing the flashback from Unni, Meera falls in love with him. Soon Unni saves Rambha her brother and they become friends. Then it happens that her family members are all politicians. Soon they become family friends and they fix the marriage between Unni and Meera. Meanwhile Unni receives a phone call from Aswathy telling him that she is still waiting for him.Then with the help of Meera he goes to Kerala to save her.Then he cleverly gets Aswathy in his hands and tries to escape through a truck. Chased by Aswathy's family and Meera's family they are saved finally by the autorickshaw drivers and get married.