Praveen Jayaramaraju aka PJ([[Nani  is the grandson of a wealthy zamindar Pedda Ramaraju. PJ is an irresponsible and an arrogant youngster who is spoilt by the pampering and excessive money. His grandfather writes a will with several conditions before he dies. His will states that PJ would inherit the entire wealth only if he completes his graduation as a common man without any luxuries. PJ now has to not only complete his degree course but he must do it within three years and he should study in a government college in a small village called Siripuram. The will also states that PJ needs to stay in a hostel in Siripuram and manage living with a very little money. He goes to the village and meets the warden of the hostel Rajanna . He begins adapting to the situations ad changes his lavish lifestyle. He starts to understand the value of life and human beings. He becomes good friends with Kanna Babu, Jaatheeyam, Maqbool and others. Months after he joins the college, another condition of his grandfather is revealed. According to the will, PJ needs to be elected as student union president of the college. During his struggle to live there and fulfill the conditions set by his grandfather his transformation from arrogance to humility appeals to the villagers and students. Meanwhile, He falls in love with Sindhu . It is revealed that the true purpose and reason behind his grandfather's conditions was because of PJ's father. PJ's father married against the wishes of Pedda Ramaraju. As a result, he was deprived of the property. However Pedda Ramaraju realizes his mistake after his son and daughter-in-law are killed in an accident. Pedda Ramaraju to not let his grandson too to go in his son's way and to make him understand the meaning of true happiness, he writes the will. PJ succeeds in fulfilling the conditions laid down by his grandfather and he also transforms into a good person. He also risks his entire property to help Kanna Babu survive a fatal disease, which Kanna Babu eventually does. Due to this reason He gets back his wealth and Love of all and becomes a righteous Zamindar