{{Plot}} Jack Leary , his younger brother Dylan , and father John  start over in Oakland, California in 1972, following the death of the boys' mother. John, who hosted a children's program back in Syracuse, now hosts the local late-night show Midnight Shriek, entertaining the audience during horror films as "Al Gory." He is devoted to his two sons, though his drinking problem disrupts the smooth running of the household, as some of his parental duties fall to Jack, who also rebels against his father's off-beat personality. One of the Learys' neighbors, a young man named Norman Strick  who walks with a cane due to a twisted leg, shows up at their home one Halloween evening, seeking a donation for a racially-prejudiced candidate. John refuses, and shuts the door in Norman's face. Obviously bothered that Norman lives across the street, John gets drunk, and his performance on his TV show mimics the racially-charged beliefs of his neo-Nazi neighbor. He is subsequently asked to take time off from his show. The morning after John's performance, Jack finds Norman's dog, Cheyenne, dead on their front lawn. Jack encourages John to talk to Norman about it, and though John apologizes for his actions on television and insists he did not poison Cheyenne, Norman refuses to shake John's hand. Jack has a young love affair with Karen Morris , but after his father's disastrous performance on television, she breaks up with him. Jack's world begins to tear apart, and the pressure of filling in for his father begins to take its toll. He begins to take out his anger on Dylan, is seen taking a drink just like his father, and he begins to curse when angry. Dylan disappears and next-door neighbor Dexter  claims Norman kidnapped him. Jack calls the police and he and John are extremely worried until Dylan is found in a nearby forest. While Norman did not physically hurt him, being abandoned in the woods for so long has left Dylan traumitized and appears left unable to speak from it. Norman has vanished, and days later, Dylan still has not spoken. During a visit from his disapproving in-laws, John takes out his frustration by going to the Strick home with a bat. Norman is not there, and after John briefly terrorizes the man's parents , John destroys Norman's beloved T-Bird with the bat. John, fearful of his current state, lets his in-laws take the boys to their Los Angeles home. Jack decides that he cannot handle the parenting methods of his grandfather , and sneaks back to Oakland. John, meanwhile, decides to try and give up drinking and spends the day trying to get his job back. Jack arrives home, while he's still out, and falls asleep to the TV. John arrives home and shortly after, Jack is awoken by the electricity going off. We see someone walking with a cane, indicating that Norman has gained entry to the home. Jack knows there is an intruder, and he accidentally knocks John out with a bat. Norman says "Home run, Jack", and chases Jack upstairs and out the bathroom window. Jack jumps for a branch in a nearby tree, and Norman pursues him. John has recovered, and yells from the window, warning the neo-Nazi to stay away from his son. Jack screams for his father. As Norman crawls toward him, Jack watches in horror as the man falls into his neighbor's yard and is attacked and killed by the neighbor's Doberman Pinschers. Soon after, Norman's parents move away and Dylan returns home. John gets his job back, but shows more comical horror films, like Abbott and Costello. One afternoon, the neighborhood children all appear and ask if John will play a monster game with them . However, after his experiences with Norman, he tells the children he won't play monster game anymore. When they ask him why, John sees Dexter . Dexter, who has a something of a side story in the movie and comes from a broken home with his grandparents, has now strayed from his friends after he had become acquainted with Norman. As John watches Dexter smoking a cigarette, realizing he's going down a dark path. John looks to the children that there are real monsters out there, but he promises to play another better game with them. In the end scene, Jack is playing his mother's favorite song at the piano and asks his still mute brother what it was. He doesn't appear to remember. Jack, then breaks down crying and tells John that "Nothing is all right." "Then we're going to make it all right." John answers, adding "Daddy's here" as he and his son embrace having reached their point. Dylan, then, comes over and answers "Jack the Bear." All three embrace emotionally. The final scene fades as John watches his sons playing in the front yard.