A four member team—Vir Vijay Singh , Vikram , Sheeba , and Victor  who are Indian Revenue Service officers belonging to the Revenue Intelligence Wing of Indian Income Tax Department, who have been wrongly implicated in the killing of their corrupt superior officer and removed from service, are hired by the Chief of the same agency to investigate a series of large illegal money transfers. The team is equipped with hi-tech equipment such as mini spy cameras, computers, internet and other communication devices. Through various encounters they discover that the money is being transferred to a Swiss Bank account. They investigate the account in Switzerland and, with the help of Sonal Joshi , find that the money is being transferred to an international terrorist organization. This organization, working in conjunction with Pakistan, manages to smuggle a Russian-made nuclear bomb into India. Pakistan plans to explode the nuclear bomb on the same day, 16 December. Although the ruling dictator of Pakistan surrendered unconditionally to India, some of the hard-lined Pakistani soldiers were bitter and angry at the surrender, as they wanted to continue fighting the Indians until their last breath. They retreated in silent and later came together to form their own groups of Jihadist soldiers to carry out terrorists attacks against neighboring India. Led by Dost Khan , a hardliner Pakistani army officer, who against his wishes had to surrender after the end of 1971 war, the terrorists planned to take a revenge by having a nuclear explosion in the heart of New Delhi. They transport it into a music competition disguised as a musical instrument. When Vir Vijay Singh comes to know about the plan, he plans to find out the location of the nuclear bomb as soon as possible by taking the help of Remote Radiation Sensors in satellites and innumerable beggars in the city. This helps the team zero in on the location. After they overpower most of the terrorists in a commando operation, Dost Khan comes to know about it and sets the nuclear bomb to explode in a few minutes. This creates a lot of problem for Vijay Vir Singh, as the bomb can be defused only by exclusive voice command of Dost Khan saying: Dulhan ki bidaai ka waqt badalna hai. They adopt a novel way to do it by speaking to Dost Khan and making him say fragments of this sentence without making him realize that it was being done to defuse the bomb. After the conversation was over, they synthesize the sentence to defuse the bomb just in time.