Tri-Oceanic Corp has hired undersea miners for a 90-day project. Martin , CEO of Tri-Oceanic Corp, hired Steven Beck, a geologist, to assist in mining operations as well as command the undersea mining station. While outside their vessel in a pressure suit, Sixpack discovers a wrecked ship. Because he does not respond to hails over his radio, Williams looks for him and finds him excited over "treasure." Dr. Thompson understands Russian and identifies the ship as the Leviathan. The crew discover that it is marked as an active ship on duty in the Baltic Sea. Sixpack and the rest of the crew open a safe from Leviathan and find crew records relating to deceased crew members, as well as a video tape from the ship's captain. Sixpack also finds a flask of vodka. Being there is no alcohol permitted on the station, he hides this for his own use. Bowman figures out Sixpack has hidden the vodka and persuades him to share it. The doctor and Beck review the video of Leviathans captain and believe his video log was cryptic regarding the crew's poor health, commenting that it didn't resemble any illness he had witnessed before. They also review the video tapes of Leviathan and Doc notices the hull may have been hit by a torpedo while Beck claims a run-in might have caused the hole. The Doc then points out the jagged tear as evidence of a torpedo hit that scuttled the ship. The following morning, Sixpack awakes feeling sick. At first, the doc thinks it looks like a hangover, but during the exam he notices strange lesions along his back. The doctor is unable to offer any explanation and collects a sample of the lesion to analyze. He asks the computer for an opinion and it suggests "genetic alteration?" Sixpack dies eight hours later, but the doctor and Beck hide news of his death to avoid a panic. Dr. Thompson carries out routine medical checks to confirm no one else is sick, but does not have the chance to examine Bowman due to being called into a conference. While Beck and Dr. Thompson have a video conference with Martin , Bowman has begun feeling ill. She becomes distraught when she begins losing hair. Bowman accidentally stumbles upon Sixpack's corpse and witnesses it mutating. Beck and Dr. Thompson do not want to take risks and ask Martin to execute an emergency medical evacuation. Martin claims the evacuation will happen, but there may be a severe storm on the surface that will delay the evacuation for 12 hours. Dr. Thompson finds that Bowman, unable to cope with the idea of dying like Sixpack, has committed suicide. Her body is taken to sickbay, where Beck and Thompson find Sixpack's corpse mutating. Later, her body merges with Sixpacks's. They decide to dump both bodies. As they are about to "flush" the cadavers, the bodybag begins to squirm and, believing someone inside may still be alive, the crew opens it. The creature that is forming attacks and claws Cobb before they manage to eject it. The surviving crew are informed of what has happened and realize that Leviathan was experimenting with mutagens without its crew's knowledge. The mutagen was mixed with the vodka that the crew - and later Sixpack and Bowman - drank. The ship was scuttled when the experiment escaped control. A piece of Sixpack's leg was severed when the corpses were ejected and remains on board; it mutates into a lamprey-like creature that attacks Dejesus in the kitchen. Jones seals the kitchen's pressure doors and goes for help. He asks Cobb to watch the door, but when he goes to find something to defend himself, the creature assimilates Dejesus and rips its way out of the kitchen. It then grows tentacles that attack the crew. The creature attacks the medical bay, devouring all the blood and plasma from the cooler. This inspires Beck to use a freshly drawn pint of his own blood to lure the beast to the area called the Swamp  and attempt to flush this mutation the same way they did with Sixpack and Bowman earlier. Thompson ejects the escape pods so that no one can escape and risk bringing the mutagen to the surface. Beck consults with Martin for emergency evacuation. Martin assures them that they will not be left behind, but that she cannot carry out the rescue because of a hurricane on the surface. Cobb's injuries grow worse, causing him to mutate and infect Dr. Thompson. Williams escapes as Beck and Jones try trapping the creature. Williams joins them but is almost captured by the creature. They escape to another part of the station. The crew tries accessing weather information through the computer, but it is blocked. Williams asks the computer for a financial report from the company and they discover that the Tri-Oceanic Corporation has declared them dead, labeling it an accident. The creature damages vital systems, causing the pressure to drop and an implosion to occur in a short period of time. They make a run for the Swamp, to try stopping the implosion. Jones is unable to access the valves because of steam blasting them. They decide to use their special dive suits to escape. The creature attacks them, but is crushed by the lift as Beck escapes. They make it to the surface, where they are met by the Coast Guard. After a small brush with sharks, the mutant composed of Sixpack and Bowman surfaces near them and attempts to drown Jones. Jones stalls it at the cost of his life and Beck throws a demolition charge into the creatures mouth, causing it to explode. After they are dropped off on a Tri-Oceanic oil drilling platform, the two survivors are greeted by Martin. Martin tells them she believed they would make it, smiling insincerely and asking how Beck feels. Beck punches Martin in the face, knocking her out. "Better. A lot better."