On Christmas Eve, sometime after a woman is disemboweled in the woods of Christmastown, California by a man dressed as a pirate, a couple stop by a large field, which the man, Boom Boom, claims is where Tommy "Oneshoe" McGroo buries his victims, the people who bullied him in his childhood. Boom Boom goes on to tell his girlfriend, Kitty, that Tommy acquired his nickname when one of his shoes was stolen, and he could not afford another one due to his family's poverty. Tommy asked for replacement footwear for Christmas, but instead got an eyepatch with a Christmas tree on it, since he idolized pirates. Driven insane by this, Tommy began murdering his tormentors, though most consider him an urban legend. After telling Tommy's story, Boom Boom goes to urinate, and has his testicles ripped off by Tommy, who proceeds to non-fatally wound Kitty. Later, Tommy snaps the neck of man having kinky sex with his blindfolded wife, who Tommy then has sex with. At Lame Dog Hollow Camp, Tommy's remaining former classmates are assembled by Ernie Cunningham, who wants them to team-up to kill Tommy when he inevitably comes looking for them. Until then, the group spend their time trying to amuse themselves, with amateur guitarist Isaac Hiltzik  and his girlfriend, Lana Hooper, heading down to the nearby lake, where Tommy knifes them. The next to die is awkward nerd Dorcas Cunningham, who Tommy sneaks up on with a running chainsaw, only being noticed when he steps on a twig. After the sultry Abby Honeydew is stabbed while looking for their missing friends, Ernie and Danny make plans to try and summon Tommy's previous victims with a Ouija board, but Ernie is killed with a screwdriver while traversing a cemetery. Danny fights Tommy, and stabs him in the head with a rail spike, though Tommy recovers from this, blasts Danny with a shotgun, and takes one of his shoes. Five years later, Tommy  is shown to have married the woman he had sex with, and the two have a son, who Tommy gives his eyepatch to as a Christmas present.