The film begins in a large garage structure, where Cpt. Proctor  and Commandant Mauser  meet up with former Police Academy cadets,  Chad Copeland ([[Scott Thomson  and Kyle Blankes . It seems one of the two Police Academy schools is getting the axe due to the state government's unwillingness to finance two academies, and Mauser wants Copeland and Blankes to make sure Lassard screws up. The men agree to the plan, knowing this may be their only chance at revenge. After the governor's speech in which he will appoint a committee to evaluate which of the two schools should remain open, Mauser starts getting an edge by kissing up to the governor , Commandant Lassard  gets an idea on how to win: along with now Sgt. Jones  and Lt. Callahan , he calls back Sgt. Mahoney , Sgt. Hightower , and Sgt. Tackleberry  to help train the new recruits. Among the new recruits are Sgt. Fackler's wife , Sweetchuck , Zed , Karen Adams , and Tackleberry's brother-in-law Bud Kirkland . Tomoko Nogata  is a recruit of Mauser's academy, but decides to put him in with Lassard's academy instead. After a few weeks of recruiting, Nogata is lovestruck over Callahan, and Sweetchuck contemplates quitting after his roommate Zed drives him crazy . Copeland and Blankes make the recruits do stuff that would make the committee think they were hopeless. Mauser wants them out on the field soon, knowing the committee will be there. The recruits fail, and are teased by Mauser and Proctor. However, Mahoney gets back at them by taping Mauser's eyes closed while doing a taste test. Proctor succeeds in removing the tape, but the tape pulls off Mauser's eyebrows. Both Lassard and Mahoney give a pep talk to each of the cadets before training resumes. At the policeperson's ball, Mahoney meets up with his hooker friend from the first film and has her do a favor on Proctor after the latter insults Mahoney and Adams. The hooker tricks Proctor into removing all his clothes and then locking him out of the hotel room . He goes out and steals a car and drives to the academy. The car is out of gas, however, and Proctor enters a building, which to his horror turns out to be the Blue Oyster Bar. Meanwhile, Mauser insults Lassard in front of the recruits by telling him that he is winning , so Mahoney gets him back by giving a speech at the ball and then putting the microphone in a pitcher of water. When Mauser grabs it, it electrocutes him. On the final day of the cadet training/evaluation competition, one person from each school attends the governor's ball.  Copeland and Blankes play with the computer system as cars are sent to wrong locations, but are caught by Hooks, who punches them out cold. At the governor's party, a gang of thieves dressed as busboys kidnap Hedges and take the governor hostage. The final choice of the most effective academy is proven when two of Mauser's cadets assigned to attend the party promptly faint upon being threatened by the thieves. Mauser and Proctor prove to be too overconfident and ineffective to react to the emergency, but Lassard's squad arrives in time to save the day and rescue the governor. As a result of the governor's final judgement, Lassard's school stays open, and the epilogue shows Lassard making a speech on how the academy is grateful for the "many, many" recruits. The graduating class salutes to the camera before the film ends.