The movie is adapted from the old hispanic tale "La Llorona" . It starts with Beto and his little sister Kika trick or treating in the village, streets were deserted, dark, and foggy. Kika was very loudly asking for candies, which made Beto very nervous. While waiting for Kika to come back from a house that was far down the street, he spotted an eerie figure going in her direction. In order to save his sister, he called out the ghost's name "Llorona", she heard and went after him. Llorona found Beto and he desappeared. Next, a ballon with ship basket carrying 5 companions: Leo San Juan ; Don Andres ; Alebrije ; Moribunda and Finado . They're heading toward the village  in response of Padre Tello's letter asking for their help. They summoned a ghost friend Teodora, who helped them in previous adventure , but she desappeared right before the storm. Moribunda, fell out of the basket, Leo saved her, but he couldn't get back, and fell down in the river where Kika was on a boat. Kika rescued him after hitting him unintentionally, and she saw the ballon falling toward La Isla de las Munecas . San Juan woke up at Kika's house under her mom's care. She told him a story of Llorona, who's name was Yoltzin. She moved to Xochimilco with her two kids: Ollin and Toinatiuh. She sold flowers to provide for her family, and was well-liked in the village. Everything changed one day when they were coming back home to find their house on fire. Yoltzin jumped off the boat desesperated to save the house, and forgot her kids on the boat, that drifted away. When she realized that, it was too late, they desappeared without trace. Villagers helped her searching for the kids, days later they were found dead near channel. Yoltzin didn't accept her children's death. She was driven crazy with grief and remorse. After her death, the villagers started to hear ghostly moans. Yoltzin had become Llorona, who comes out at night to kidnap children. Padre Tello followed Llorona for years, trying to find out how to apeace Llorona, until he disappeared. San Juan left Kika's house to find his friends, Beto and other kidnapped kids with help of Padre Tello's journal. Kika followed him, they were chased by Llorona, and she took Kika. Meanwhile, at the island of the puppets, Andres was tangled in vines. After lot of screamming he was rescued from the puppets by Alebrije, who was all covered in green slime. Andres and Alebrije freed an old man of a cursed puppet named Pecas, who was animated by the tears of Llorona, and had been forcing the old man to make puppets for him. The old man thanked them and told them where to find Llorona. Leo San Juan asked Teodora to help him seek Llorona and distract her, while he looked for the old church where Yoltzin's kids were buried. Leo went into a sunken church, inside the church he found Kika and other kids sleeping. He saw that Llorona was taking care of them and that they were unharmed. He ran deep down in the church until he found the church's crypt, and he searched for Llorona's kids' grave. Llorona captured Leo's friends, but when she was about to harm them, Leo called her and showed her kids's name in the grave. When she saw their names, she became reunited with her kids, and thanked Leo for his help. Leo saw his mom one last time while he was knocked out. Other kidnapped kids woke up including Beto. Back in the village Leo and his friends were saying farewell to the villagers, and getting ready to go back to their hometown when a mysterious figure  appeared and urged them to help another town in distress. They went off to a new adventure.