Story 1: Kamini and Rahul Born in Dehra Dun, temperamental and ambitious Kamna changes her name to Kamini Ranawat , hires Babu  as her manager and becomes one of the most sought-after heroines in Bollywood. As a publicity stunt to change her image from item queen and also to get the attention of filmmaker Karan Johar she says she is in love with a man named Rahul. In London a man saying he is Rahul Khanna  poses as her childhood sweetheart and future husband and Kamini has to play along otherwise she will not get the film deal she was looking for with Karan Johar. This results in a dilemma for her as Rahul reveals he loved her back when she was Kamna and she has to choose between her career and Rahul. Story 2: Gia and Shiven Gia Bakshi  lives with her dad, Col. Bakshi  and is in love with Shiven Dungarpur , both are to get married shortly, but Shiven starts to get cold feet thanks to a few misleading words about marriage from his friend Juggy . He decides to disappear from her life, leaving Col. Bakshi no alternative but to arrange Gia's marriage with Rohit Chhada . Story 3: Seema, Vinay, and Anjali Gia's sister, Seema , who lives in Britain, has been married to Vinay Malhotra  for 15 years, and they have two children. Vinay sees his life as boring and dull, until a woman named Anjali  comes into his life. The two start to meet and an affair starts, but while preparing to travel to India for Gia's marriage, Seema finds out that about Vinay's affair - leaving her heartbroken. Story 4: Ashutosh and Tehzeeb Ashutosh Raina ([[John Abraham  is a Hindu, but falls in love and gets married to Tehzeeb Hussain , who is Muslim, much to the chagrin of his father  who will not have anything to do with him. Tehzeeb is a TV news reporter, and while traveling on an inaugural train route, the train derails, Tehzeeb survives but loses her memory, and is unable to recall who Ashutosh is - and may not end up leaving him and returning to her parents' home. Story 5: Ajay and Stephanie Ajay  is a taxi driver who comes to the assistance of a Caucasian woman, Stephanie , who is frantically trying to hunt down her lover, Rohit Chhada . While Ajay drives her around all of Northern India finding Rohit he falls in love with her and finally drops her of to the venue where Rohit is getting ready to marry to Gia. Story 6: Ramdayal and Phoolwati Ramdayal  weds attractive Phoolwati  and would like to spend some intimate moments with her, but comical circumstances prevent him from doing so.