Much like in Hair-Raising Hare, Bugs  finds himself trapped in the castle of an "evil scientist" , who this time is a caricature of Vincent Price and needs the rabbit's brain to complete an experiment. When Bugs makes a run for it , a big red monster wearing a pair of sneakers ([[Gossamer  is sent out to retrieve him, with the promise of being rewarded with a spider goulash. Bugs keeps running while he is frightened until  a door on the floor opens and a rock falls into a water pit where there are crocodiles swimming around. While he is walking backwards and praying to jump over the crocodiles, he bumps into Rudolph. Bugs comes up with an idea  and makes as a gabby hairdresser, giving the hairy monster a new hairdo  He gets some dynamite sticks and places them in the monster's hair, which give the appearance of curlers. He lights them and runs off just before the explosion . Rudolph realises he was tricked and goes after Bugs. In the chemical room, Bugs sees vanishing fluid and he pours it all over himself . Bugs gets a trash can and dumps it on Rudolph. Then he gets a mallet and hits the trash can causing it to shake, and pulls out the rug Rudolph is standing on from underneath his feet, causing him to fall on his bottom. For the coup de grâce, Bugs takes a bottle of reducing oil and pours the entire contents over Rudolph, who lets out a roar and shrinks. Putting on his suit coat and hat and grabbing two suitcases, Rudolph enters a mouse hole, kicks its resident out and slams the door which bears a sign saying "I QUIT!" The mouse says "I quit too", holding up a bottle of whiskey , then dashing away. Bugs eats a carrot in satisfaction of getting rid of the monster . Suddenly, the mad scientist restores him with "hare restorer" , insisting the rabbit hand over his brain , throwing an axe straight towards Bugs , who ducks. The axe breaks open a large bottle of ether which drugs Bugs and the scientist. The groggy scientist  chases after an equally groggy Bugs in slow motion . Bugs trips the scientist, who falls asleep. Bugs runs slowly out of the castle and over the horizon, tripping over a rock and falling asleep, landing in a stream which leads Bugs straight back into his flooded hole. He suddenly wakes up and declares that it must have been a nightmare. The miniature Rudolph passes by on a rowboat and tells him in a high-pitched voice: "Oh yeah!? That's what you think", leaving Bugs with a confused look on his face.