Paul Prentice  and Karl Foyle  were close friends during their prep school days. Paul used to defend Karl from the violent attacks of their classmates, who ridiculed Karl for being effeminate. Some years later they are reunited literally by accident, when Paul, on the motorcycle he drives as a courier, runs into the cab that Karl  is riding in. Paul is initially surprised to discover that Karl has become Kim, but asks her out to get re-acquainted. Their first date goes badly and Kim assumes that it's because Paul is nervous about being seen in public with her. Paul brings her flowers at her workplace  and they go out again. This date works out better and they end up back at Paul's place listening to music. The two continue to spend time together, with Prentice teaching Kim how to ride a motorcycle. Their next dinner date, at Kim's place, is disastrous. Paul, struggling to understand transgender issues, drinks too much and ends up in the courtyard outside Kim's apartment, exposing his penis and ranting. The police arrive and arrest him for indecent exposure. Kim places a hand on one of the officers and he arrests her for "interfering" with an officer. In the police van, one of the officers makes crude remarks about Kim and places his hand under her skirt. Prentice intervenes and is beaten by the officer. At the police station, Paul is charged with assaulting the officer. Kim, his only witness, is terrified of being in trouble and intimidated by the police into keeping silent. She flees to her sister's home. At Paul's trial on the assault charges, Kim is able to gather her courage and testify for Paul. While he is still convicted, he receives only a token fine. A reporter at the courthouse tries to buy Kim and Prentice's story but they refuse. They return to Kim's place, where Paul is surprised and delighted to discover that he and Kim are sexually as well as emotionally compatible; they make love. Paul, desperate for money following the repossession of his motorcycle, sells Kim's and his story to a London tabloid. With the story splashed all over the papers, Kim thinks she's going to be sacked from the greeting card company. Instead, her boss stands behind her. As the film draws to a close, it's revealed that Kim and Paul are living together and that it was Kim's idea for Paul to sell the story.