In flashback, Bachu  and Ishwar  are close friends, who dream of going USA together illegaly, though Bachu doesn't have enough money yet. One day Bachu receives a telephone call from Ishwar saying he has managed to reach USA. Bachu feels betrayed and starts resenting his friend. In present, Bachu has two sons; Jignesh and Harish . Jignesh is married and expecting a child. The younger son, Harish, just like his father dreams to go to USA, one way or another. Bachu wants to realize his own dream through his son. Harish applies for visa, but is ultimately rejected due to his inability to give satisfactory answers to the visa officer, Derek Thomas . Meanwhile, Ishwar returns to India with his daughter, Aayushi . Ishwar is now very successful in United States and has a chain of motels and is now known as Motel King. His purpose is to invest in Gujarat and ultimately return to his motherland and settle there. Bachu still resents his old friend, but Harish falls in love with Aayushi, in spite of his father warning against it. Harish's friend, Raheel, introduces him to his acquaintance, Kaivan , who is soon going to USA and introduces him to his travel agent, Daulatram Chainani . Chainani assures Harish and his father that he'll groom Harish and make sure he gets the visa, but will need money, to which his brother, Jignesh promises that he'll arrange for the money. Jignesh borrows money from anti-social elements, who are now threatening him unless he returns the money soon. In a party arranged by Kevin, one of his friends, warns Aayushi about Kevin, saying that he is not a reliable man and is going to USA by using someone else's sponsorship papers. When drunk, Aayushi warns Harish about Kevin, but Harish dismisses her concerns. One day Harish finds out about the illegal racket Chainani is running for illegal entry to USA. Chainani also reveals that Kevin used Harish's sponsorship papers to reach USA. When all hope is lost, one of Bachu's acquaintances, informs him that he has managed a fake passport using which Harish can travel to USA; Bachu and Harish agree to that. Jignesh confronts his father for always shooting him down as dafol  and threatens to severe ties with the family and the same time there are complications in Jignesh's wife pregnancy and is admitted to the hospital. When Harish is travelling to the airport with his friends to leave for USA on the fake passport, they are assaulted by people from whom Jignesh had borrowed money. Harish manages to escape and reaches the airport and is bade farewell by his parents. When Bachu returns to his house, Ishwar confronts him and tell him about his life and struggles as an illegal immigrant and hardships he had to endure before being motel king. Bachu realizes his mistake and they rush to the airport to stop Harish, only to find that Harish, touched by the plight of an old lady , deliberately did not board the flight as he decide to stay with parents, friends and Aayushi. Bachu apologizes to his son Jignesh and the family is reunited In epilogue, it's revealed that Harish and Aayushi are married and they're looking for their options for honeymoon and Harish is still insistent on going to USA for honeymoon.