Sundar  and Uma ([[Padmini  are classmates, and they are always fighting with each other. But Sundar is very much in love with Uma and when they perform in a Dance Drama competition at Madurai and later move on to Kodaikanal, he expresses the same. Uma asks him to climb up a peak so that she will consider his love. Sundar suffers from Agoraphobia  and he feels giddy while climbing up and almost swoons down, when Uma realises the problem and she accepts his love. Back home, Sundar has a cousin Shanti  residing at his house. She takes care of the entire household works as her parents are dead, and so is Sundar's mother. She is so fond of Sundar that she would do anything for him. She has a desire to marry him and Sundar's father  being her uncle also wants the marriage to take place. But Shanti accidentally comes to know of the love between Sundar-Uma and changes her mind. Father asks Sundar to marry her but he refuses, revealing that he is in love with another girl. His father becomes furious and starts looking for another bride groom to marry Shanti. Meanwhile Uma leaves for her Brother's place. He, an Army Major is the only relative of her and she goes there to obtain his permission. She informs Sundar that she would be sending a letter on a particular date , and Sundar eagerly waits for her letter. The day comes and the letter arrives. Mysteriously, Uma informs that she is getting married to another person as she could not go against the wishes of her brother. That literally shatters Sundar who becomes bed ridden. But what actually happened was Uma's brother got killed in a road accident along with his wife and his three children have nobody left to look after other than their aunt Uma. She decides to renounce her love and take care of the children. So she tells a lie so that Sundar doesn't come after her. Sundar, unaware of all these things is very upset and dejected. Shanti takes care of him all the time which leads to the unpleasent incident of the bridegroom who comes to see her, accusing her of having a relationship with Sundar. That causes Sundar's father to fly into a fury, and when Sundar realises how much his father and his cousin had suffered because of him, he decides to marry Shanti. Six years pass by, and Sundar is now a successful businessman settled in Kodaikanal. He and Shanti have a daughter Geetha , who is studying in a prestigious school there. Nagesh who was earlier the professor of the College wher Sundar and Uma studied is the Principal of this school and S. A. Ashokan is the Correspondent. Uma who had put her nephews and niece in a boarding school has now joined in this school as a teacher with the recommendation of Nagesh and she is the class teacher for Geetha. Both Uma and Geetha develop a good relationship, and Shanti makes her accept to take private tuition for her daughter and she comes home for taking classes. Eventually the meet between Sundar and Uma happens and that starts an emotional upheaval in Sundar and Uma's lives. The family life of Sundar and Shanti also takes a beating and the child being a witness to a emotion charged meet between her father and teacher is also psychologically affected. Added to that the correspondent who has an eye on Uma spells trouble for her by getting her dismissed from service because she has not played ball to him. Seeing things going out of hand, Sundar and Uma decide to meet up. This is overheard by Shanti who also decides to leave Sundar's life, as she feels that Uma should take her rightful place. In a place in the hill where once they expressed their love the old lovers meet up and Uma asks Sundar whether he is ready to renounce everything including his wife and daughter and come with her. What Sundar replies forms the ending of the story.