Nine passengers board a commercial flight to Panama City: wealthy Judson Ellis  and Alice Melbourne , eloping because their parents disapprove; an elderly couple, Professor Henry Spengler  and his wife Martha ; Tommy Mulvaney , the young son of a gangster, and his escort, gunman Pete ; Peggy Nolan , a woman of ill repute; and Vasquez , an anarchist being extradited and facing a death sentence for killing a high-ranking politician, and his guard, Crimp , who expects a $5,000 reward for delivering him. Pilot Bill Brooks , co-pilot Joe , and steward Larry  comprise the crew. A fierce nighttime storm buffets their airliner. A gas cylinder comes loose and is thrown against the door, forcing it open; Larry falls out to his death. An engine fails and the pilots are forced to crash-land in the jungle. In the morning, the professor recognizes the plants of the Amazon rainforest. The aircraft has been blown far south of where rescuers would search, and the nearest civilization is across the mountains; but there is water where they are, and enough fruit and game to live on. Weeks go by while Bill and Joe struggle to repair the damaged aircraft, and the others clear a runway. The experience changes everyone. The Spenglers rediscover their love for each other. Bill warms to an appreciative Peggy, although she tells him about her past. Judson goes to pieces, staying drunk much of the time, while Alice toughens up, and begins to feel attracted to Joe. The biggest change is in Vasquez. Seeing how well most of the group have coped with their situation, he reconsiders his radical beliefs. On the 23rd day, Crimp disappears. It is Tommy who eventually discovers him. When Peggy and Pete go looking for the boy, he leads them to the body, which has a poison dart in it. Pete orders Peggy to take Tommy to safety while he covers their retreat, and is also killed by the unseen natives. The remaining survivors board the now-repaired aircraft, but as the engines rev up, an oil leak develops. Bill and Joe patch it, but realize that it will fail some time after takeoff, leaving only one working engine. As a result, the aircraft can only carry four adults and Tommy across the mountains. As everyone tries to decide how to choose who will stay and who will face the hostile natives, Vasquez suddenly grabs a gun and announces that, since he is doomed no matter what, he is the only one without bias and will make the decisions. He will think about it until the plane is ready. While thinking, he is approached by Professor Spengler, who says he and his wife have lived their lives and should stay, and by Judson, who tries to bribe Vasquez by offering to pay for a top lawyer. When the aircraft is ready, Vasquez announces that both pilots and both of the younger women will go along with Tommy. Judson attacks him and Vasquez shoots him dead. The aircraft takes off, leaving Vasquez and the Spenglers. As the natives approach, Professor Spengler quietly informs Vasquez that must not be taken alive, as they will be tortured. Vasquez lies to him, telling him that there are three bullets left. He kills the couple with his last two bullets, and waits for his grisly fate.