{{Expand section}} To understand the film, you need to understand the book. In the book, Fowles starts to tell the story of a French lieutenant, and likely a refugee from the French Revolution, who lands in an English village where an equally mysterious and available woman happens to live. The first chapter begins conventionally enough, followed in linear fashion by the second, where the hero and heroine happen to take a walk in the same wood on the same day but fail to happen to meet. However, in Chapter 3, Fowles starts explaining how he creates characters in his mind until they acquire an autonomy inside his mind to the point where they write the novel themselves. He then goes on to add that he still retains control over them. From there, he takes control of the chapter, retelling the same walk in the wood except that the two do happen to meet. Chapter 4 reverts to extending the version started in Chapter 2; Chapter 5 then builds on Chapter 3 and so on to the end. All along, each chapter retells the preceding chapter but with a different ending. However the storyline remains the same while moving along in different but parallel versions toward the same ending: the choice to wed & live happily ever after or to separate and each go their own way. Transposing this duality to the screen posed an enormous challenge to continuity of the story and Reisz solved it by relegating the male and female lead to a love affair with a happy ending in 1800s scenes but shooting the sad ending by casting the same two leads as 1980s actors living an offscreen life in the same village and crawling its pubs as they engage a love affair. In the end, the 1800s duo marry in the final scene while the alternate final scene presents the 1980s cast party which ends with the male lead waiting in parking lot to elope with the female lead who fails to join him. Viewers who had read and liked the novel tended to leave the cinema delighted by Reisz's ingenuity while non-readers tended to feel frustrated at getting two stories for the price of one. Then again, some readers of the novel felt the same frustration of feeling the intrusion of reality into the novel. After all, here was the novelist showing off his writing skills to readers who were expecting a few hundred pages of escape into a new corner of the universe of fantasy.