Ibrahim is a 27-year old Muslim born in Belgium. He lives in a multicultural residential area with his parents. He is integrated in western society. That's why he prefers to be called Bram, a frequently used Belgian boys name. Although his father was born in the Netherlands and his mother in Belgium the family still sticks to many Turkish traditions. Furkan, Bram's brother, frequently skips class. When Bram confronts Kevin, last one blackmails his brother as Bram frequently visits the gay nightlife. If Bram does not inform their parents about the skipping, Furkan will also hold his tongue. There are also rumours about Bram's sexual orientation in the Turkish pub. Bram's father refutes the gossips as his son is going to visit Turkey to meet his niece Elif. Both parents have planned an arranged marriage. In meantime, Bram met Kevin, a 19 year old Belgian boy who helps his mother in a bistro. Kevin's mother is almost sure her son is gay. She is also convinced Bram got the hots for Kevin as he visits the bistro quite often and can't keep his eyes of Bram. That's why she sent both boys in the nightlife, but Kevin does not wave the flag and both only become good-befriended. When Bram is about to leave to Turkey, it turns out he also bought tickets for Kevin who will join him. In Turkey Kevin doesn't hide his feelings anymore and the two start a secret love affair. This is however noticed by one of the hotel clerks. Last one is also in love with Elif, but is rejected since Elif knows she's going to move to Belgium. The hotel clerk is jealous and takes photos when Bram and Kevin are making love. Bram meets Elif and all paperwork to get her a Belgian visa are prepared. The hotel clerk gives the photos to Elif. Although she is shocked, she decides to go to Belgium as she only hopes for a better life. After a week, Bram and Kevin fly back to Belgium. Bram thinks Elif should stay in Turkey as women are more emancipated there as the Turkish women in Belgium. In meantime, Furkan became member of an Islamic fundamental religious group. They want to introduce Sharia in Belgium and want shopkeepers only to sell halal. Furthermore, they make as much photos as possible of all kind of police interventions and try to convince the Muslim inhabitants the police is against them. Furkan's father is upset as some members of the group had connections with Taliban and Osama Bin Laden. The rejected hotel clerk sends the photos to Belgium. Bram admits he is gay and in love with Kevin. He is not willing to have a marriage with Elif in which both of them will be unlucky. As from now, Bram is abandoned by his family. But the word is spreading and soon the whole family is being neglected by the Muslim community. Furkan wants his family to be honoured again and he dreams of a honour killing in which he massacres Kevin by cutting off his neck. His action is approved by the fundamental group. Just before entering the bistro, Furkan is stabbed by a youth gang as he once beaten up one of those members. Due to quick interaction of Bram, Furkan's life can be saved. Bram is reunited with is family in the hospital and leaves Kevin behind.