{{Quote box|quotedright|widthright|quote—Lopez on why excessive promotion for On the 6 was important.{{Cite album-notes}}  In the eleventh chapter of Feelin' So Good, appropriately entitled "First Number One Single", Lopez reveals the moment when she found out that "If You Had My Love" went number one in the United States. She then went on to discuss the events that occoured during the release week of On the 6 in "Record Release Week". Lopez then reveals how she came to record "Let's Get Loud" and her performance of the song at the 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup is shown. In "Jennifer's Energy", Medina discusses Lopez's ability to work at late hours of the night. Her 1999 Billboard Music Awards performance of the Hex Hector remix of "Waiting for Tonight" is then shown. Lopez then speaks of filming the music video for "Waiting for Tonight" and behind the scenes footage on set of the video is shown. She also explains how the Hex Hector remix of the song came about and the alternative music video that was created for it. A megamix video of the original and Hex Hector remix follows. The twentieth chapter, "Jennifer's Mom", is an interview with Lopez's mother discussing what was like to see Lopez on television for the first time. Lopez then discusses her surprise to the amount of fans she had and their dedication in "Fan Support". In "Working on Record", the twenty-second chapter of Feelin' So Good, Lopez discusses the process of writing and recording the album. Lopez's sister Lynda interviews her choreographer Tina Landon on what it is like to work with her, before her 1999 Blockbuster Awards performance of "If You Had My Love" is shown. Footage is then shown of Lopez "goofing around" during a photoshoot, before the music video to her song "Baila" is shown, for the very first time. In "Film Energy vs. Music Energy" Lopez compares the difference between the fans of her movies and of her music. In the final interview footage of Feelin' So Good, Lopez explains the concept behind the music video of "Feelin' So Good" and why Big Pun and Fat Joe were chosen to be featured on the song. The music video is then shown and is faded out into the end credits.