The story is about a dying Lensman who transfers his Lens to a young man named Kimball Kinnison. To his best knowledge, Kim wasn't aware of how big the responsibility of holding the Lens is. This Lens contains vital information that would enable the Galactic Patrol to face the deadly DNA weapon created by the Boskone Empire. The Arisians initially were the ones who created the Lens in order to stand up to the evil Eddorians, because in spite of their great power, they alone could not vanquish the Eddorian menace. Through the Lens, the Lensmen minds were merged with the cosmic conscientiousness of Arisia. On another side is Lord Helmuth, the ruthless, merciless Boskone leader, who would stop at nothing to get his hands on the Lens. Back to the story at hand, our young hero found himself escaping from the boskone battleships with the assistance of his friend Van Buskirk. Afterward, the Boskone blew up the Planet Mqueie  where Kim and his father Ken lived. Ken was one of the founders of the Galactic Patrol; however, he lost an arm during battle, and if he hadn't, he would have been a Lensman himself. Ken always dreamed of becoming a Lensman, so when he found out that his son became one, he sacrificed his life to save him. Through the movie's events, Kim meets Clarissa MacDougall, who is a nurse working with the Galactic Patrol and there is an immediate attraction between them. It's inevitable that the story would have a climactic ending that would provide an encounter between Lord Helmuth and Kim. Imagine the difference between the two: Kim is a new Lensman, young and naive, who bears the responsibility of protecting the universe on his shoulders. Helmuth is a gigantic alien with great powers and entire armies at his disposal, but what Kim didn't know that he had a great weapon which is stronger than any enemy he might encounter. Eventually Kim realizes that the Lens has the answer, and within it lies great power as well, providing the key to Helmuth's defeat, and he transmits the formula to the Galactic Patrol fleet that is waiting to attack, knowing that they will lose without the answer. The movie that was made in 1984, and incorporated computer graphics that added a new dimension to anime. The CG was made in cooperation with NYIT.