Anna moves with her 8 year old son Anders to a big flat with secret address outside Oslo to get away from her violent husband. Anna is scared stiff that they will be found, and is under heavy watch by a couple of child care workers. She doesn't want Anders to sleep in his own room, for fear that somebody will break in and get him. The child care workers force him to sleep in his own room. Anna eventually goes looking for a babycall , and in the electronics store strikes up an awkward conversation with Helge , a shy gentleman whose mother is dying in hospital.The basis for this fragile relationship is that while Anna is an over-protective mother, Helge is an over-protected son who is unwilling to acknowledge the negative feelings he has about the way his mother treated him as a child. Compelled to feel charitable towards over-protective mothers, Helge is only too eager to ‘understand’ Anna’s refusal to let go of Anders. Similarly, Anna is only too eager to believe that an over-protected son might grow up to understand why his mother would not let him go. The first night that Anders slept in his own room, Anna hears some voices on the babycall, including a lot of screaming, almost as if somebody was being murdered. Anna is terrified and runs into Anders' room, to find that he's sound asleep, not making as much as a murmur. The next day, Anna returns to the electronics store and once again speaks to Helge, who said that her monitor could pick up other frequencies if they were close enough, meaning that the screams were eminating from somewhere inside the building. Anna thinks that she should home-tutor Anders, but the Child care workers insist that he needs to go to school. The first day Anders went to school, Anna waited outside all day for Anders until she could take him home again. Unfortunately, the next day she tried the same thing, and the headmaster asks her to leave.When she returns to the school, Anders tells her that he has a friend that he's going to take home with them. Anna is fairly suspicious of the boy before she even knew his name. The boy hardly speaks at all, let alone to Anna. The next day after hearing more noise from the babycall, and dropping Anders off at school, she gets on a bus and goes to the Café where Helge told her about his past. She then leaves to go to a lake near her flats, following a woman she believes had something to do with the screaming. While she's there, she sees a man drowning a little boy, who is in fact Anders' friend. When they leave, Anna jumps into the water to try and retrieve the boy. She stays underwater for too long and blacks out. She wakes up in a hospital, with a nurse telling her she was found unconscious in a car park, though her clothes were soaking wet. She then goes to Anders' school to get him, but she's told to leave. She returns to the electrical store, where she asks Helge for a voice recorder. He asks her to try it out, but she doesn't know what to say. Instead, he speaks into the recorder, asking Anna if she'd like to go to dinner with him, only if she wanted to. He then plays it back to her, where Anna tells him she'd love to but she can't leave Anders on his own. This is when she suggests that Helge should come over for dinner at her flat. They go for a drink in the Cafe, where she tells Helge that her mind is playing tricks on her, and she remembers things that never happened. Helge then proceeds to take a picture of her, telling her that way she would be able to remember the conversation they had. When Anna gets home with Anders, he suddenly gets angry, telling Anna that they don't need Helge, ripping the picture of her off the fridge and ripping it to pieces. One day Anna returns home from Ander's school, and the front door is open. Going in slowly, she sees that the male social worker is there, and he had let himself into Anna's flat, telling her that the female care worker had quit her job. He then pushes Anna against a wall, saying that he would return later on. Hours later, Helge turns up at Anna's flat, and they have a meal and talk about things. Anna turns on the Babycall and they both hear some very frightful screaming. They hear knocking on the door, and Anna, thinking that it's the male social worker, asks Helge to answer the door and tell the man that Anna was out. Helge does what she says, but there is nobody at the door. Helge turns around to see Anders' "Friend" whom Helge actually mistakes for Anders himself. The boy the tells Helge things about what happened to him, showing him bruises on his arm. Helge asked what happened, and the boy replied with "The same thing that happened to you as a child". Helge storms into the kitchen and demands that Anna tell him what she had told Anders, not knowing that it wasn't really him. Anna replies that she hasn't told him anything, and Helge decides to get Anders and ask him again, in front of Anna. Anna screams at Helge that Anders is her son, and he has no right to go barging in. Helge leaves the flat, leaving Anna terrified. The next day, Anna turns up at the elctronics store to apologise, but the shopworker tells her that Helge is at the hospital, because his mother is dying. Anders tells Anna that he's seen his father, and they hear a knocking on the door. Anna picks up a knife and answers it, seeing that it's the male care worker. She then stabs him in the throat, and Helge turns up. When he sees the careworker, he tells him that he's a caretaker. Helge runs into the apartment, to see Anna sitting on the windowsill with Anders' arms wrapped around her. Just as he reaches Anna, she leans forward and falls off the windowsill deliberately. When Helge rushes to the bottom, he sees Anna on the floor, but no Anders. When he asks her where she is, she can't answer. He is told that Anna's husband killed Anders years ago, and that her husband had killed himself as well. The ending scene shows Anders and the boy sitting on the bed, and Anders tells the boy that his mum will look after them from now on.