Cassandra Nightingale  lives in the small town of Middleton with her husband Sheriff Jake Russell ([[Chris Potter  and Brandon  and Lori , his children by an earlier marriage. Her distant cousin Abigail  gets evicted from her home. Cassie had never met Abigail but, connecting with her through the internet, invites her to visit. At the Sheriff station, Jake speaks with Mayor Tom Tinsdale ([[Paul Miller  and learns that the mayor is supporting a project to build a bridge which would connect Middleton to its neighboring city, and that the Mayor's wife Martha  is leading support against the construction. At the opposition meeting, Cassie is nominated to run for Mayor. When later telling Jake her news, He does not tell her that the Mayor and his wife at at odds. Back at home, as Cassie tell Lori that she is planning Lori's Sweet 16 birthday party, Abigail arrives for her visit. Later, Jake's deputy Derek Sanders  meets Abigail and Derek tells her that he agrees with the Mayor about the bridge's benefit to the town. When back at Cassie's, Abigail tells Jake she is completely against the bridge, and hopes Cassie wins the election so she can put a stop to it. The following day, Derek tells Cassie and Jake that he has himself decided to run for Mayor and Cassie learns that she and Jake have differing views on the subject. In the meantime, Abigail has given Lori a love potion to use to gain the affections of Brandon's friend Wes , and Brandon is unhappy that his friend Wes is so distracted. Abigail seems to be reveling in the chaos she has caused, and Cassie figures it out. Jake is fired when Derek's campaign speech is stolen, as he disagrees with the Mayor's position and is the prime suspect. Abigail plots spells upon the family with the use of voo-doo dolls. Lori sneaks out after curfew to be with Wes, but he abandons her. Angry, Brandon cuts ties with him. Martha Tinsdale arrives seeking a place to stay, announcing that she and her husband have split over the bridge issue. Despite the growing family tensions, Jake and Cassie talk over breakfast, trying to stay strong despite Jake’s job loss. Brandon tells Lori he has cut ties with Wes over Wes's actions. When overhearing the family being so supportive, Abigail grows frustrated that her scheme of sowing disharmony has deteriorated and leaves. When later looking for her, Cassie finds Abigail missing. Derek tracks Abigail down in a newly rented apartment, and Cassie soon also arrives and comforts Abigail. Realizing the error of her ways, Abigail apologizes for causing problems. When it is revealed the bridge developers will build a new mall across the river, destroying a nearby wooded area, and harming the downtown businesses economy, Cassie gives an impassioned speech and Derek drops out of the Mayoral race. Cassie is elected Mayor and Jake is re-hired as Chief of Police. When Jake later speaks toward building on to their family Cassie reveals she is pregnant.