Elisa, a beautiful woman in her late thirties, changing her plans at the last minute, cancels her flight to London where she was going to meet her older lover. She is a professional mistress who finances a comfortable life style as the kept woman of old rich men. Óscar, her wealthy aging lover, has been supporting her financially  in exchange for one weekend a month of her time. When he calls her up to protest, Elisa has decided to end their affair and hangs up the phone. The building where Elisa lives in Madrid is almost empty for the weekend since, except for her next door neighbors, there are only offices. The other occupant is the half deaf meddlesome concierge. Alone in her apartment, Elisa takes a shower and wants to relax, but she begins to hear suspicious noises. She exits her apartment to investigate and finds her next-door neighbor, Miguel, dropping the freshly-killed body of his wife, Nuria, down an elevator shaft. Elisa runs back into her apartment and locks the door, but Miguel manages to cut off her phone line and she is unable to call the police. Miguel gets in through the window, brandishing a gun. Instead of killing her, Miguel decides to flip things around and turn her into an accomplice. Unwillingly, Elisa is forced to help him retrieve Nuria’s body from the elevator shaft. They wrap the death woman’s with Elisa’s shower curtain and put the cadaver in the trunk of Elisa’s car. Knowing that Elisa has a vacation home and a boat by San Juan’s lake not very far from Madrid, Miguel decides to go there to dispose of the corpse sinking it in the lake. As the two head toward their destination, they are stopped by the police. There has been an accident as a bus has gotten out of the road and as consequence there are many people severely injured. With no enough room in the ambulance to take the wounded, the police ask Miguel and Elisa to help transporting a seriously injured couple to a nearby hospital. In spite of the close call, the body on the trunk is not discovered. When they arrive to the hospital, Miguel and Elisa are told to wait and provide further information. They are told that the woman they were transporting in the car was already death. Miguel becomes nervous, but it turns out that it was not his wife in the trunk, but the injured woman from the accident they were talking about. As strange bond stars growing between Elisa and Miguel. She seems willing to cooperate with her abductor. Miguel is attractive and charms her with his personality. He tells her that his dreams of becoming a successful writer never came to fruition and that he settled for marriage to a wealthy woman he didn't love instead. They finally arrive to the lake and take Elisa's boat to the middle of the lake. Miguel sins the body in the lake as planned, but Elisa manages to turn the tables on her abductor who falls into the water. She can easily kill him, but decides ultimately not to do it. As they enter Elisa's house in the lake Miguel meets Tony, Elisa's own younger lover who she supports. A homoerotic tension is apparent between the two half naked men. Tony goes swimming, leaving Miguel and Elisa alone as the sexual attraction between Elisa and her abductor grows. Elisa and Miguel comeback to their apartment building in Madrid. At night, they go out together to a club carrying on an affair. At the club, they see Tony again. Elisa confesses that he is her lover. Nevertheless, attracted to Miguel, back in her apartment, she has sex with him. When she wakes up the next morning, she finds Miguel in her bed brutally killed. Initially Elisa does not know what had happened, but Nuria explains that she was not the woman whose body was thrown in the lake, that was actually Miguel's lover. Nuria confesses that while Elisa was sound sleep with the help of sleeping pills, she kills her unfaithful husband. As Elisa has now experience disposing of a body, Nuria asks her to help her. Elisa is willing to do so.