Set in L.A., Aram Katourian  is on the top of a bridge considering to jump to his death, when suddenly a homeless woman  - fascinated by seeing a person die - interrupts him. He finally does not have the courage to commit suicide, and instead tells the woman his story: Aram is a self-made millionaire who owns twelve successful stores and makes an average of 3.2 million dollars a year. He married his greedy high school sweetheart Millie  and have an adult sun, Michael . When he is not spying on his staff, he spends his time with his mistress, Irene . Realizing that his son has no intention of building a career for himself, due to money always being available to him, Aram, who values earning money for yourself, decides to sell his business and give all of his money away to random strangers on the street. He is enthusiastic when Michael assures him that their economical future will be just fine, though grows upset when he later finds out that Michael meant that he has no doubt that his father will find another job. Millie stands by Aram's side, and eventually becomes a housekeeper to earn some money. Aram, as well, runs some tasks, but Michael quits his job after the first twenty minutes due to a fight with his boss. Aram, fearing that he will never inspire his son to work and will never come off the couch from watching TV, suddenly has a great idea: He and Michael will join forces to make travel videos. The business would combine Michael's love for TV and luxury traveling and work. Aram is soon informed though, that his traveling video concept already exists. Seeing no other options, Aram purposely gets into a car accident to inspire Michael to feel some responsibility for the family. Michael wastes no second and becomes engaged to a wealthy girlfriend from the past who has recently inherited all of her father's money. Aram, fed up with his son's spoiled behavior, confronts Michael with his lack of responsibility, and orders him to get out of his life. With his son gone, and Millie working as a maid, Aram starts to regret his decisions. He tapes a video in which he admits that his bankruptcy was faked, and allows her to profit from her son's new found wealth. He then travels to a bridge to commit suicide, and runs into the homeless woman Billie. Billie, who lives in poverty but is still optimistic about life, inspires Aram to not kill himself, and they part ways after she admits that she was one of the people who Aram gave his money to. Two years later, Aram contacts Millie, now owning a bakery, who is still upset by his abandonment. She reveals that she never took Michael's money, and instead contacted Irene  to open their own shop. Aram offers to end their marriage formally, though Millie remains suspicious of her thoughts. He finds out that his son has recently divorced, and received a lot of money during the settlement. Nevertheless, he decided to start working as a waiter, to earn some honest money. Aram is initially disgusted by his son doing such a job, though feels proud when he learns about his motives. The family eventually reconciles, and Aram now lives off Michael's earnings.