Susan Wheeler  is a medical student starting her first year of training at the Peach Tree Memorial Hospital, built by her deceased grandfather. There she meets Dr. Mark Bellows , Chief Surgical Resident, an doctor currently in a relationship with Head of Psychiatry Dr. Agnetta Lindquist . Susan discovers that an unusually high number of surgeries at the hospital have been ending in comas. These coma patients are being transferred to the mysterious Jefferson Institute, a hospital designed to take care of coma patients. It's run by Mrs. Emerson , who refers to the patients as "her babies". With the help of Dr. Bellows (and soon Dr. Theodore Stark , Susan investigates the comas, and before long, strange things begin to happen seemingly to stop her investigation: her roommate, who works at the hospital and who helped her access confidential files, is suddenly fired; the hospital board tries to have her expelled from school; and she discovers cameras in her house. She is also stalked by Peter Arno , who turns out to be a patient of Dr. Lindquist's and seems to be stalking Susan at Lindquist's behest. During one encounter with Susan, Peter puts a burlap sack over her head and tells her that, if she doesn't stop looking into the comas, she'll end up at Jefferson too. Soon after a rare tour at the Jefferson, during which Susan wanders off path and discovers inhumane practices such as suspending patients by metal rods inserted into their bones, she contacts Dr. Stark with evidence, but he is in a car accident that renders him comatose before he can expose the conspiracy. Susan and Dr. Bellows, who began suspecting Dr. Lindquist's role in the conspiracy and broke off their relationship, together find out that various hospital staff and doctors have been getting large amounts of money from Jefferson. They further discover that each patient who ended up in a coma was operated on in the same room, which was pumped full of carbon monoxide via a pipe from the basement; this would render the patient brain dead without anyone noticing. Peter tries to kill Susan as she tries to collect evidence, but when he fails, he slits his own throat in a body cooler. Susan is eventually captured and delivered to Jefferson, where they plan to put her into a coma. Susan breaks free, though severely sedated, and tries to escape through the hospital, hallucinating that she is underwater. As she flees, she finds out the complete truth - the Jefferson Institute is a human experimentation lab and organ farm. Jefferson has Peach Tree Memorial purposely induce comas on patients predisposed to certain diseases and then uses the bodies in various ways, ranging from harvesting organs from the patients directly to inducing pregnancy to use the fetuses for parts or umbilical stem cells to using them as human test subjects. Finally she encounters Professor Hillside, her medical school professor, who tells her that he and Susan's late grandfather Dr. Wheeler are the masterminds of the Jefferson Institute, making the Jefferson Institute is her legacy. Susan cries, distraught that this barbarism is being carried out in the name of medical advancement. Meanwhile, Dr. Bellows and police Detective Jackson  both end up at the house of Dr. Stark. There they find most of the doctors gathered for Dr. Stark's memorial; Stark died during surgery a few hours prior. While there, Dr. Nelson, head of anesthesiology and a part of the conspiracy, is seemingly overcome by guilt and tells the detective and Dr. Bellows that they can find Susan at the Jefferson Institute. The police and Dr. Bellows soon enter the institute and witness for themselves the horror. They arrest Professor Hillside and Dr. Bellows discovers Susan, who stabbed Mrs. Emerson to death with a syringe in self-defense and escaped through a drain. The film ends with Susan awake in a hospital with Dr. Bellows by her side. She tells him she had “a terrible dream...I dreamt I was underwater and I couldn't get out”. Dr. Bellows tells her “it was just a dream” and then receives a text message with a picture of Dr. Lindquist, asking him to join her at a hospital in China. Dr. Bellows looks at Susan and repeats, “it was just a dream.”