Vishal Agnihotri , a convict, is imprisoned for the murder of a group of four criminals who had brutally raped and killed his sister in law. Vishal tries to get justice in court but is unsuccessful and the men are let out free with the help of a corrupt lawyer. They then visit Vishal's home for trying to file a case on them, and try to rape Vishal's wife Priya , but she kills herself with a knife. Angered at all this Vishal decides to take the matter into his own hands and murders the four criminals himself. He is sentenced to life in prison for the crimes. Journalist Roma Singh  visits the jail for a report she's writing, where a few of the convicts grab hold of her and try to rape her. This incident reminds Vishal his misfortune. Vishal intervenes and saves Roma. Roma hears Vishal's story and decides to help free him. Her voice is heard out by a blind businessman - Mr Jindal who tries to recruit Vishal as a hitman. He wants Vishal to kill some anti-social elements in the city, mainly the two powerful drug lords Jibran  and Tyson  and all the people who work for them. He tells Vishal, that these people are responsible for creating people like the group of four men he killed in the first place, by bringing drugs to the streets and corrupting the locals. Vishal refuses at first as he has just got out of prison, and now wants to live a normal life. However, the memories of his murdered family comes back to haunt him as he spends a day alone in his home, and he agrees to work for Jindal the next day. Police Inspector Amar Saxena  is unhappy about the release of Vishal who he believes deserves to be in prison because of the murders he committed. Things complicate even more when Amar finds Vishal around almost every murder scene of criminals involved drug-trading, who Amar is trying to catch alive. Vishal goes on a murder spree, until he realizes that even the Commissioner  thinks that the unknown murderer is doing more help to the society than police could ever do. Vishal refuses to kill the Commissioner, but Jindal becomes angry. Vishal attacks Jindal with a paper-weight, but Jindal dodges it. Vishal then realizes that Jindal is not blind. Jindal tells Vishal that Jibran & Tyson were his rivals. He also tells that he murdered his wife Pooja  & Inspector Karan Saxena , to cover up the truth. He pretended to be blind to throw the police off his trail. Jindal, who has now partnered with Jibran, leaves Vishal to die. Vishal succeeds in saving himself, only to be confronted by Amar. Vishal subdues Amar & tells him the truth. Meanwhile, Jindal has kidnapped Roma in order to forcefully marry her. Amar & Vishal find out Jindal's den & corner him. After a melee, Jibran is killed. Jindal tries to kill Amar, but Vishal takes the bullet on himself. Vishal dies in Amar's lap, upon which Amar kills Jindal and avenges the death of Vishal & his father.