During Prohibition, Al Capone  has nearly the whole city of Chicago under his control and supplies liquor at high prices. Bureau of Prohibition agent Eliot Ness , summoned to stop Capone, conducts raids using a large squad of officers. After his efforts fail due to corrupt policemen tipping off Capone, he meets a grizzled, seasoned Irish American officer Jim Malone  and is told to enlist men from the police academy who have not yet come under Capone's influence. Italian American trainee George Stone , is enlisted due to his superior marksmanship and intelligence. They are joined by accountant Oscar Wallace , assigned to Ness from Washington, D.C. The four make an unorthodox raid at the bank and find an entire room of shipped liquor. They successfully arrest the workers and guards. Wallace informs Ness that Capone has not filed an income tax return in four years; therefore, they can try Capone for tax evasion. Ness is visited by an alderman who tries to bribe him into dropping the investigation, but Ness throws him out. Meanwhile, Capone is in a meeting and, after sharing his philosophy on baseball and teamwork, promptly beats and kills the man who was in charge of the busted operation with a baseball bat. When Frank Nitti  threatens Ness's family, Ness has them moved to a safer place, then takes the team to the Canada – United States border for a raid on a liquor shipment. Ness chases one of the gangsters into an empty house and kills him in self-defense. Malone captures George , a Capone bookkeeper, and brings him back to the house for interrogation. George proves uncooperative, so Malone grabs the dead man and shoots him to coerce George into cooperating, much to the dismay of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police who have assisted in the raid. At the police station, Nitti kills Wallace and George in an elevator and writes "TOUCHABLE" on the wall in Wallace's blood. Ness angrily confronts Capone and his men, but Malone intervenes, as Capone mocks Ness over the death of his friend. Malone persuades Ness to stall the district attorney  from dropping the case, then corners policeman Mike Dorsett, who sold out Wallace and George to Capone. Malone learns about another Capone accountant, Walter Payne, and calls Ness with the news. A knife-wielding thug breaks into Malone's home; Malone forces him out the front door with a shotgun, but steps into an ambush set up by Nitti and the latter riddles him with bullets. He lives long enough for Ness and Stone to find him, and shows them which train Payne will take out of town before he dies. Ness and Stone arrive at Union Station and find Payne guarded by several gangsters. After a fierce shootout, the two succeed in killing the gangsters and taking Payne alive. Payne testifies in court about the cash flows throughout the Capone organization, with the result of $1 million. Ness, however, notices that Capone seems unperturbed despite the probability of serving a long prison sentence, and also sees Nitti carrying a gun inside his jacket. He escorts Nitti out of the courtroom with the bailiff and discovers that Nitti has the mayor's permission to carry the weapon. Ness identifies Nitti as Malone's assassin after seeing Malone's address in Nitti's matchbook. Nitti shoots the bailiff in a panic and flees to the roof of the building, but Ness corners him. Ness says Nitti will pay for killing Malone, but when Nitti makes snide comments about Malone's death , Ness pushes him off the roof. In the courtroom, Stone shows Ness a document from Nitti's jacket that reveals that the jury was bribed, explaining Capone's relaxed mood. The judge has no intention of using it as evidence until Ness bluffs that the judge's name is in Payne's ledger of payoffs. The judge decides to switch juries with a neighboring courtroom and restart the trial. Capone is furious and orders his lawyer to do something but he can only think of changing Capone's status to guilty. Capone is later sentenced to 11 years in prison. Packing up his Chicago office, Ness ponders the Saint Jude pendant that Malone had carried with him for many years, and which Malone had given to him before dying. He gives the pendant to Stone, reasoning that Malone would have wanted a cop to have it. A reporter mentions that Prohibition is due to be repealed and asks what Ness might do then, Ness responds, "I think I'll have a drink."