Prakash , a carefree, mischievous student graduates from College. During his celebration with his friends, he gets into a road accident. Although the accident is only minor, during medical tests, he is diagnosed with terminal cancer and has few months left. Unable to hear his mother's constant crying, he packs his bags and leaves to his family’s vacation home in Ooty for a few weeks. There he Geetanjali , who enjoys playing pranks on people around her. In one incident, Geetanjali asks a guy to meet her in a cemetery at midnight to elope together but when he comes to meet her, she along with her sisters and friends plans out an elaborate prank by dressing up as ghosts to scare him away. When she tries to pull the same prank on Prakash, who is already aware of this, it backfires as he pulls a bigger prank on her by dressing himself as a vampire and along with aerial wire stunts, scares her. After being unsuccessful in scaring Prakash away, Geetanjali forms another plan in which she complains to her grandmother by saying that Prakash had asked her  to elope with him. Furious at this knowledge, Geetanjali's grandmother confronts Prakash about it. Though Prakash tries his best to explain the truth, Geetanjali's grandmother chides him and humiliates him in public. Prakash becomes angry and retaliates by driving Geetanjali to a hill side area and leaving her there. Later that night, Geetanjali's sister comes to Prakash and tells him that Geetanjali has still not returned home and they are getting worried about her. Prakash goes out to look for her and upon finding her shivering in cold, brings her back to her family. Geetanjali's grandmother scolds Prakash for pulling such a prank on Geetanjali as such things could have worsen her health condition. Curious at this, Prakash inquires about her health. To his dismay, he finds out that she has a terminal illness. This intrigues him as she is always happy and energetic. Geetanjali tells him that she's not worried about her impending death as everyone who lives in this world will be gone someday. She also tells him that she's not bothered about what happens in the future and she only lives for today. This teaches Prakash to take his own impending death in his stride and live life to the fullest. Prakash begins to fall in love with Geetanjali and pursues her. Thinking that this is also a part of his mischief, Geetanjali keeps putting him off. But one thing leads to another and soon, she too reciprocates his love. One day, Prakash's mother comes to visit him and finds out about her son's love. Not knowing that Prakash has been keeping his illness a secret from Geetanjali, his mother blurts out the truth to Geetanjali. She becomes heart-broken knowing that Prakash's condition is worser than her own. She confronts Prakash and tells him to leave her. Prakash reminds Geetanjali that everyone dies one day and so will he. He tells her that his death is no exception. But a devastated Geetanjali admits that his own life is more important to her than her own and she would not be able to see his death. She begs him to leave her and tells him that she doesn't want to see him again. That night, Geetanjali's health worsens and she is admitted in the hospital. After getting the news, Prakash rushes to the hospital to meet her but Geetanjali's father, who happens to be a doctor, requests him to leave as the same is the wish of Geetanjali herself. Prakash becomes sad and decides to leave the town. At the same time, Geetanjali undergoes an operation for her heart. Hours after her operation, Geetanjali slowly opens her eyes. Her whole family rejoices at her recovery. Geetanjali looks at her father and tells him that she wants to meet Prakash. The family finds out that he is planning to leave the town and rush Geetanjali to the train station. The movie ends as Geetanjali and Prakash embrace each other in the train station.