Kenya McQueen  is a successful, single African American woman who has sacrificed romance in order to pursue a career as a corporate finance manager. Her obsessive compulsive desire for perfection and control has manifested itself in the bland, monochromatic decor of her new home and the rigid rules she follows in her personal life. Urged to loosen up by her friends, Kenya accepts a blind date with landscape architect Brian Kelly  arranged by her co-worker Leah Cahan , who is in the process of planning the kind of wedding Kenya wants herself. The two meet at Starbucks, and she is disturbed to discover Brian is white, so she quickly excuses herself and leaves. The two unexpectedly meet again at a party at Leah's parents' home, where Brian landscaped the grounds. Impressed with his work, Kenya decides to hire him to renovate her unkempt backyard garden. As time passes, their employer-employee relationship evolves into a friendship and then love. Although Brian is helping her feel more comfortable about her living environment, Kenya finds it difficult to dismiss her reservations about their romance. The opinions of her girlfriends Cheryl , Nedra , and Suzette , her upper class parents Joyce  and Edmond , and her womanizing younger brother Nelson  begin to have a deleterious effect and Brian's unwillingness to discuss issues of color drives them apart. Nelson introduces his sister to someone she views as a more acceptable suitor, tax attorney Mark Harper , who has just relocated to Los Angeles. The two begin to date, and while Joyce thoroughly approves, Edmond senses his daughter is not as happy as she was with Brian. Everything Kenya thought she wanted suddenly seems immaterial, and nothing Mark does ignites a spark between them. When the dissonance she’s developed finally overwhelms her, Kenya chooses to reunite with Brian, no longer allowing her controlling nature and social norms to dictate matters of the heart. Kenya marries Brian amongst their closest friends and loved ones.