{{plot}} The place is Helverton, Colorado. Fifteen-year-old Genevieve Gage  and her best friend Tiana Moore  are typical high school students who spend their idle time surfing the Internet and sending messages to strangers via chat rooms. Upon "meeting" another apparent student who goes by the screen name of "Captain Howdy," Genevieve and Tiana decide to attend a party at Captain Howdy's house. As it turns out, Captain Howdy has lured them into a trap. What Captain Howdy doesn't know is that Genevieve's father is local cop Mike Gage ([[Kevin Gage , whose wife is named Toni . When neither Genevieve nor Tiana has returned home by the next morning, Toni alerts Mike. With the assistance of a younger cop named Steve Christian , Gage begins searching for Genevieve and Tiana. The case takes an unexpected turn when Tiana's car is pulled out of a lake. Tiana's tortured body is found in the car's trunk with her mouth stitched shut, and there is no sign of Genevieve. Mike discovers that Captain Howdy is into "body art" that includes great quantities of tattooing, piercing, branding, and scarification. But it is not until Mike's niece Angela Stravelli  informs him of Genevieve's penchant for meeting strangers through the Internet that Mike gets his first lead. Meeting the mysterious Captain Howdy online, Mike gets Captain Howdy to invite him to a party, but Mike's planned bust goes awry. Later, however, he figures out Captain Howdy's location, and finds Captain Howdy's torture chamber. Gage not only finds Genevieve naked and bound, with her mouth stitched shut, but also five other teenagers who are in similar predicaments. After a brief struggle in which Captain Howdy gets shot, Mike arrests him, whose real name is Carlton Hendricks . Mike thinks he has closed the case. But a year later, Hendricks is declared not guilty by reason of insanity and he is put in the Meistrich Psychiatric Institute. Three years later, Hendricks is released. Doctors at the Meistrich Institute state that Hendricks, who has been diagnosed as a schizophrenic with a severe chemical imbalance, is okay as long as he is on his medication. Hendricks moves back to his old neighborhood. While he's under the influence of his medicine, Hendricks is timid and apologetic about what he did. But, the memories of what Hendricks did are still fresh in the minds of Helverton's residents. There are people who are not happy about Hendricks release—especially an activist group led by Jackson Roth  and Catherine "Sunny" Macintosh . One night while Roth's teenage daughter Kelly  is out, a fearful Roth jumps to the wrong conclusion that Hendricks could have taken Kelly. Roth calls Catherine and a bunch of others. Roth and his group kidnap Hendricks, and on the way from Hendricks's property, Hendricks accidentally drops his medicine bottle, and the medicine bottle is run over by a car's rear tire. Roth and the group beat Hendricks and hang him from a tree. As Roth, Catherine, and the others leave, it starts raining. The rope, which turns out to be weak, snaps, saving Hendricks life. Without his medication, however, he reverts to being Captain Howdy, this time with revenge on his mind...revenge on Roth, Catherine, and Mike. Later, Hendricks kills Madeline in front of Roth. Hendricks knocks Roth unconscious and kidnaps him. Hendricks contacts Mike at the police station. By this time, Hendricks has also kidnapped Catherine. After Hendricks hangs up with Mike, Hendricks brutally tortures Roth and Catherine. The next day, Toni calls Mike and tells him that Genevieve is missing, and when Mike gets home with Steve, Hendricks's face is on Toni's computer screen. Hendricks has Genevieve and her mouth is stitched shut again. Hendricks tortures Genevieve while Mike and Toni watch the screen. After Hendricks disconnects, Genevieve, Roth, and Catherine are soon found alive, but brutally tortured. That night, Mike tracks Hendricks to a church. After a long struggle, Hendricks stands ready to kill Mike with a hook. Mike sinks the hook into Hendricks's back, slams Hendricks into a wall, and then uses the hook to lift Hendricks off the floor. Mike pours a flammable liquid on Hendricks, and presumably kills Hendricks by setting him on fire.