The film opens with a girl starts to scream hysterically looking upwards to the camera. During a massive college party, Peter Bennett, the president of the Alpha Sigma Rho fraternity, decides to make four pledges: Marti, Jeff, Seth, and Denise told to stay at the historic Garth Manor until dawn on hell night as part of their initiation. Peter and a group of others, along with his friends Scott and May, bring everyone together and tells them about the sordid history of the estate as they walk while he leads them. Twelve years prior, Raymond Garth strangled his wife Lillian to death and then proceeded to murder three of his children  due to their severe deformities. After the carnage, Raymond hanged himself. However, police never found the body of the youngest Garth child, Andrew. Legend has it, Andrew witnessed the murder of his entire family and may still be living within Garth Manor. After the pledges get set up in the house, Scott and May assist Peter in attempting to scare them with mechanical devices and sound effects until they are quickly murdered one by one. May violently got dragged into a pit and got decapitated. Scott has his neck broken on the roof by a large, bare-handed man. Peter discovers Scott's body hanging from a wire and runs to escape without telling the pledges, but is attacked by an unknown assailant. He escapes, but gets lost in a garden labyrinth and runs into yet another assailant who impales him with a scythe. It is revealed that there are two killers. Meanwhile, Marti, Jeff, Seth and Denise discover the sound devices and bogus effects throughout the house set to scare them. After Seth and Denise have a sensual moment together, Seth excuses himself to go to the restroom, and a large, deformed hand covers Denise's mouth. Seth returns to discover May's severed head in the bed and runs away. As Jeff confronts Seth, Seth quickly decides to escape and seek help as Jeff and Marti stay behind. Seth climbs the spiked iron gate and escapes the house, but he promises to return with the police. Jeff and Marti search the house and discover Scott's hanging body with a rope outside a window. Jeff decides to go outside to look for the others and discovers Peter's corpse. As he runs away in horror, the camera focuses on Peter's hand. the gate keys grasped tightly. Jeff informs Marti that the others have been killed so they decide that it must be Andrew, but are unsure. While they lie in wait in a bedroom armed with a pitchfork, a mysterious shape comes up from the floor under a large rug to attack them. Jeff impales it with the pitchfork and it falls into the hole in the floor. Angry at the death of his friends, Jeff decides to go after it. Marti follows. As they walk through an underground tunnel, they discover dead bodies posed at a table with rats crawling on them. They discover Denise's corpse among the bodies. Suddenly, they see a disfigured man heading towards them and began chasing them. Jeff fights him but is knocked down and injured. He and Marti escape through a hidden exit. Seth arrives to the frat house only to find it locked and empty, so he heads to the police station. After being disgruntled with the police who think he is pulling a student prank, he steals a gun from an abandoned office and heads back to the mansion. When he arrives, he is suddenly attacked by a man, and after a long scuffle, he shoots him to death. Not realizing that there is another killer in the house, Seth he calls out for Jeff and Marti. As they tell Seth the others are dead, an arm suddenly grabs him from out of the shadows and quickly drags him away. A gunshot is heard and only the shotgun appears sliding across the floor. As Marti decides to go for the gun the other killer leaps out to grab her. Marti escapes as he chases them upstairs but kills Jeff by throwing him out a window after he helps Marti out safely. Marti makes her way through the garden labyrinth and discovers Peter is dead. As his body falls on top of her, she sees the keys and takes them from him. She makes her way to the gate, opens it and hot wires the car. Driving away, a hideous face appears from the roof. Marti screams as the glass shatters and a large hand tries to grasp her throat. As she tries to escape, Marti backs into the gate, bending it. As the car skids, Marti fights off the assailant and punches down on the accelerator as she speeds towards the gate, the killer looks in horror as the gate violently impales him. He spews blood, writhes in agony and dies. A stunned Marti shouts out and hits her head on the steering wheel sounding the horn as it fades out. In the morning, the body is still on the car. Marti awakens slowly and manages to get out of the car. It is assumed she's the only survivor. She walks toward the camera in a daze as the final credits roll.