Jack Moniker  is a Chicago firefighter who gets injured on the job. Using his disability money, he decides to retire and live the good life in a small Caribbean island called Saint Nicholas. He buys a small amount of property there and lives among other washed-up personalities such as Anthony Croyden Hayes . Appointed by the British crown as governor of St. Nicholas, Hayes is more concerned with vacationing than governing. Miss Phillipa Lloyd , who is visiting St. Nicholas with some sailor friends of hers, decides to stay permanently and becomes Jack's girlfriend in the process. He playfully refers to her as "Miss Philadelphia". Jack befriends financially troubled reggae musician Ernest Reed , and they together form "Club Paradise," which they market as a Club Med-style resort complete with a brochure that features photographs of Jack in various disguises on every page. This attracts a handful of tourists, including Barry and Barry  who are there for the pot and the women. Much of the film involves the tourists' comic misadventures adjusting to island life and the low-rent facilities of Club Paradise. Also travelling to the island is New York Times travel writer Terry Hamlin  who ends up spending most of her time in the company of Governor Hayes. Adding to the fun is suburban housewife Linda White , who is vacationing with her plastic surgeon husband Randy . She tries her hand at just about everything the island has to offer, incuding cliff diving lessons from two handsome instructors, Christopher and Helmut. Voit Zerbe  plays a key role, as a developer who wants to run Jack and Ernest off their property so he can build a massive high-end casino on the beach as part of a deal he's making with two business partners - one Swiss, the other Arab. To do that, he uses the help of the local prime minister Solomon Gundy  and the prime minister's men to cause trouble and get Club Paradise to close "legally." Jack and Ernest go so far as to sneak aboard Zerbe's yacht to provide some "useful intelligence" for Governor Hayes by finding out what is going to happen to the future of Saint Nicholas. They skin dive to the yacht  where they are captured by local police and thrown in jail. When Prime Minister Gundy's strong arm tactics don't work, he orders a military takeover of the island. Ernest builds up a resistance force, and St. Nicholas is soon threatened with the possibility of civil war, which is averted at the last minute with assistance from Jack and Governor Hayes. When Gundy's takeover fails, Zerbe and his partners leave Saint Nicholas and head for the Cayman Islands. Jack is then inspired to create a new tagline for the club: "Club Paradise: Your Hot Spot for Fun With Guns in the Sun."