 Jerry receives a telegram from his Uncle Pecos, and soon Uncle Pecos arrives. The mustached mouse  gives Jerry a performance on his guitar, playing his new song, "Crambone" , but his guitar string breaks. Uncle Pecos asks Jerry if he has a guitar string, but Jerry shakes his head negatively. Pecos pokes his head out to search for one and spots a sleeping Tom, and he walks up and plucks a whisker off the cat's head, startling him awake and out of sleep. A shocked Jerry then comes to the rescue just in the nick of time, and quickly carries his reckless uncle away from Tom to his mousehole, all the while Pecos plays on his guitar with Tom in hot-pursuit. Jerry escapes into his mousehole, but accidentally bangs his uncle's head on the wall just above the mousehole while doing so. Jerry quickly drags Uncle Pecos inside before Tom can get him. Uncle Pecos then thanks the cat for his "service" and Tom is confused. Tom then heads for the bathroom to look in the mirror when Pecos again strolls up to the cat and plucks a second whisker after the first one snaps. Pecos plays more of his song until the whisker breaks. Tom, not wanting to be a whiskerless cat, flees in panic. However though Pecos soon finds him, and Pecos tries to reason with the cat, but Tom is intransigent in protecting his whiskers and tries to keep Jerry's uncle at bay. Pecos grabs a third whisker despite tom's best efforts of self-defence, but it snaps after only a few notes. Tom frantically looks for somewhere to hide as Pecos searches for him, and Pecos soon swipes a fourth whisker. Tom dashes in panic into a nearby closet and slams the door shut. Pecos then invites Jerry out to listen to his encore. Tom then steps outside of the closet and enjoys the music Pecos generates until the snap of a string is heard. Tom shrieks and retreats back inside the closet again, but Pecos attacks the door with an axe, before Tom finally surrenders with a white flag and then plucks his fifth whisker for Pecos as a sacrifice to keep him away. Fortunately, Pecos has to leave for his television performance, which Tom and Jerry watch in their living room the following night, but when playing on air, Pecos' guitar 'string' soon snaps once again, and a laughing Tom ends up aghast when Pecos comically reaches out of the television set, and pulls out Tom's last whisker as Pecos comes to the finale of his performance.