The movie is a sequel to the original Snow White story with some elements of the original story. Snow White and her husband Prince Charming  have a young daughter; also named Snow White for her snow white hair. In honour of Christmas, the royal family decides to host a festival. Meanwhile, the Wicked Queen asks her magic mirror who is the fairest. When it replies that there are two who are equally fair, she accuses it of taking the coward's way out by saying that she and Snow White are equally fair, only for it to answer that it was talking about two Snow Whites. When the Queen hears of this, she is furious. Upon hearing about the festival, she sees it as a chance to finally kill her rivals. In the midst of the celebrations, the Queen creates an ice storm, and freezes the entire kingdom, just barely missing the princess Snow White. The girl is horrified to see her parents turned to ice, and runs away with her bumbling friend Grunyon the dwarf. After running into the forest, Snow White and Grunyon accidentally wander into a giant vegetable patch, and are scared when seven giants appear - Thinker, Finicky, Corny, Brawny, Tiny, Hicker, Weeper - and mistake them for bugs, trying to squash them. Snow White starts crying, and Grunyon scolds the giants, who apologize and introduce themselves through song. After hearing the story, they take pity on Snow White and Grunyon, and allow them to stay in their cottage. When the Queen discovers this, she first turns herself into a giant rat to attack Snow White, but is foiled when one of the giants returns home. They decide to bring Snow White to work, carving rivers, but the queen melts all the ice on the mountains to form a deluge, which Brawny protects her from. The giants decide to leave Snow White at home and post a guard. The queen then turns the vultures into wyvern-like creatures to distract Hicker, the guard, and tricks Snow White into smelling the scent of a poisoned flower that puts her to sleep, just as she tricked Snow White's mother with the apple. She believes that there will be no miracle rescue this time. However, Hicker's hiccups are loud and the other giants hear them. They get back to the cottage. Seeing Snow White apparently dead, they run off to defeat the Queen. The Queen tries to immobilize them with lightning, but Brawny is too tough for it. She then summons seven demons to fight the giants, but Hicker begins hiccuping and causes an earthquake. The quake causes the magic mirror to shatter, but only after it reveals that it is the source of the Queen's life and power. With the mirror's destruction, the Queen evaporates into nothingness. With the Queen's defeat, the spell she placed over the kingdom is broken. Grunyon and the Giants bring Snow White home to her parents in a coffin. They are saddened at their daughter's fate, and kiss her cheeks. And, as before, the kisses awaken Snow White and everyone is happy. Brawny reveals then that he rebuilt the wicked Queen's castle to be used as a place where all the children of Noel can play together, a dream of the young Snow White.