{{Plot}} The story is set in medieval Europe. On the slopes of a mountain, an old woman meets a mysterious, red-cloaked figure, shuffling Tarot cards. The figure gives the woman a white rose, which then turns red and dappled with blood, and tells her that "the day of their Deliverance is at hand." Prince Prospero, a Satanist, visits the village over which he holds dominion, and is confronted by two angry villagers, poor and starving. They inform him of the doom-laden message, which they believe is a prophecy of Prospero's downfall and liberation of the village. Prospero angrily sentences the pair to death, but a young Christian peasant girl named Francesca begs for their lives. Prospero demands that Francesca choose which of the men is to be saved and which is to die  but she is spared from having to choose when Prospero discovers that the old woman who encountered the red figure is infected with a deadly plague, the Red Death. He orders the village burned down to prevent the spread of the disease, and abducts Francesca. Prospero then invites several dozen of the local nobility to his castle for protection against the Red Death. At the castle, Francesca is finely dressed and tutored in etiquette by Prospero's jealous consort, Juliana, and the gathered nobility are entertained by a pair of dwarf dancers, Esmeralda and Hop-Toad. When Esmeralda accidentally spills a goblet of wine, one of Prospero's guests, Alfredo, strikes her. Prospero frightens Francesca with his coldness and attempts to corrupt her, in order to destroy her faith in God. He shows her a succession of different coloured rooms, but warns her not to enter the Black Room while she is still 'uninvited'. Juliana expresses her wish to Prospero to be initiated in to his Satanic cult, and, that night, Francesca is terrified to discover Juliana and Prospero lying in a strange, hypnotic state in the Black Room. Gino, meanwhile, is being held prisoner in Prospero's castle, with the castle guards teaching him armed combat so that he can fight to the death against Ludovico as entertainment for the nobility. While Prospero further attempts to seduce Francesca, Juliana performs a ritual in the Black Room, pledging her soul to Satan. Francesca is horrified to learn of her actions, but Juliana gives Francesca the key to Ludovico and Gino's cell, and tells her to leave. During their escape, Gino and Ludovico kill three guards, and are then recaptured by Prospero, who points out to Francesca how her father and Gino have sinned. At a grand feast, Prospero summons Gino and Ludovico. As they refuse to fight each other, he instead has them each choose daggers to cut themselves with. One of the daggers is coated with poison, and, upon choosing the last dagger  Ludovico attempts to stab Prospero with it, but Prospero stabs him through the heart with his sword. He then casts Gino out of the castle, leaving him to be killed by the Red Death. Gino runs away through the woods, and encounters the red-cloaked figure, who presents him with a Tarot card, which he says represents mankind. Juliana is then put through her final initiation ceremony, where she drinks from a chalice, and suffers a terrifying hallucination  involving wild, dancing figures that stab at her as she lies prostrate on a table. Awakening from her dream, Juliana then declares herself the wife of Satan, proud that she has 'survived her own sacrifice'. She wanders out through the coloured rooms, and is viciously attacked and killed by a crow. Prospero comments that Juliana is now truly married to Satan. Meanwhile, Hop-Toad, enraged by Alfredo's previous ill-treatment of Esmeralda, plans his revenge by persuading Alfredo to wear an ape costume to Prospero's grand masked ball, where Prospero has instructed that no one is to wear red. In the guise of the ape's trainer, Hop-Toad cruelly humiliates Alfredo in front of the assembled guests, before soaking him with brandy and setting him on fire. Prospero rewards Hop-Toad for his amusing 'entertainment'. Outside the castle walls, Gino returns to rescue Francesca, and once again encounters the red-cloaked figure. The figure tells him not to enter the castle, and promises that he will send Francesca out to Gino shortly. Amid the general atmosphere of debauchery and depravity at the ball, Prospero notices the entry of the mysterious, red-cloaked figure. He and Francesca follow the figure through in to the Black Room, where Prospero believes the figure to be an ambassador of Satan. He asks to see the figure's face, but the figure tells Prospero that "There is no face of Death until the moment of your own death." As the ball is transformed into a danse macabre, Prospero asks for Francesca to be given the same high status in Hell as he believes he himself will receive. The figure appears to consent to his request, and sends Francesca outside, where he knows Gino is waiting. Before leaving, Francesca sadly kisses Prospero. The red-cloaked figure then reveals that he is not a servant of Satan  and tells Prospero that his beliefs will not save him, declaring that "Each man creates his own God for himself - His own Heaven, his own Hell." Prospero rips off the figure's red mask to reveal Prospero's own blood-spattered face. The figure is the Red Death himself - Prospero's 'own Hell', and the 'moment of his death'. Prospero attempts to flee through the now infected crowd, but his red-cloaked self is always in front of him. The Red Death finally corners Prospero in the Black Room, asking, "Why should you be afraid to die? Your soul has been dead for a long time", and strikes him down. In an epilogue, the Red Death is seen playing with his Tarot cards with a young child. Other similarly cloaked figures then gather around him, each wearing a different colour: the "White Death", the "Yellow Death", the Golden Death, the Blue Death, the Violet Death and the "Black Death". They discuss among themselves the numbers of people each of them had 'claimed' that night, each accepting of their endless terrible task. When asked of his work, the Red Death says to them, "I called many...Peasant and prince...The worthy and the dishonoured. Six only are left." Among the surviving six are Francesca, Gino, Hop-Toad, Esmeralda, the little girl that the Red Death plays cards with, and an old man from a nearby village. The Red Death declares "Sic transit gloria mundi"  and the cloaked figures file offscreen in a grim procession. Over the procession are Poe's words: "And darkness and decay and the Red Death held illimitable dominion over all".