The film opens with Sandra Larson staring at a human corpse while she reminisces about at her childhood fascinations with death. As a young teen Sandra was enthralled by the feelings invoked by the stillness and smell of death. At night, a near nude Sandra would dance with the corpse of an animal rubbing it on her body, before giving the animal a funeral. Sandra only had one childhood friend, a girl named Carol  who also had a death fascination. Their friendship ended after Carol found Sandra's ceremonial dance too extreme. Fast-forward to the adult Sandra at school fascinated in biology, carefully dissecting the bodies of small animal, trying to avoid disfiguring them. Sandra was working for a flower shop when she learned of an opening for a chauffer at a funeral home. She asks Mr. Wallis , the mortician, for the job and he hires her. The funeral home's janitor Jan  believes, like Sandra, that dead bodies still have a soul in them. While driving the hearse with a body in a coffin in the back through a carwash, Sandra looks at the body and finds a shining light, believing that body's soul is alive somewhere. Mr. Wallis apprentices Sandra in embalming. She starts studying mortuary science in college, where she meets a med student named Matt  who also must study corpses for his major. Matt and Sandra begin to date, while Matt is intrigued by Sandra’s death fascination. Occasionally they would spend night's together in Matt's basement apartment, but Sandra would leave for late night visits to the mortuary to celebrate the dead bodies of young men with dance ceremonies which escalate into necrophilia as her death fascination increases to an extreme obsession. Matt becomes distraught when he discovers that he is competing with dead bodies. He unsuccessfully tries to get Sandra to talk about her necrophilia, so he starts visiting Sandra at the funeral home which upset her. Matt has to go to an extreme to win Sandra’s heart, as she struggles with choosing between the living or the dead, with tragic results.