After a year of marriage, Edward "Teddy" Bare  kills his wealthy older wife, Monica , after she asks her lawyer, Phillip Mortimer , to make a will. He stages it to look as if she was accidentally asphyxiated while drunkenly trying to light a gas heater. To his chagrin, he discovers that she actually intended to leave him all her money; instead, he only inherits the mansion from a prior will, while her millions are left in trust to her only relative, her sister Dora. Edward will receive the money if Dora dies. An inquest rules it an accident, but Phillip makes it clear he suspects Edward. When Edward asks where Dora lives, Phillip tells him she is too far away, in Jamaica. Edward manages to marry lower-class but well-off widow Freda Jeffries . She is more her husband's age, and much less trusting than her predecessor, keeping tight control of her fortune. As the death of a second spouse so soon after the first would be highly suspicious, he is powerless to do anything. The couple become acquainted with Charlotte Young , who is looking for a house to purchase for an equestrian school. As Edward was an estate agent before he married Monica, he shows her around, making Freda jealous. However, all is not as it seems. When they are alone, Edward not only reveals that he knows that Charlotte is actually Dora, he boldly admits killing her sister. Suspicious that he is trying to make her leave for some reason, she remains where she is. Eventually, however, Freda returns home and escorts Charlotte to the door. After she drives away, Edward tells Freda that he killed Monica, secure in the knowledge that a wife cannot be made to testify against her husband, and that he expects to inherit Charlotte's money shortly, as he has tampered with the brakes on her car. He is shocked when Phillip enters the room, having heard his confession, followed by his intended victim. She had returned to the house after meeting the lawyer at the estate's gate. Edward flees in his car, but the entrance is blocked by Charlotte's and Phillip's automobiles. With Phillip running after him, Edward switches to another vehicle, only to realize too late that he has taken Charlotte's. He is killed when he loses control and drives off a cliff.