The village of Vileness Flats is constantly under attack by the Atomic Shopping Carts, armoured carts with large drills on their front. A bridge keeps the Carts away, but the villagers enlist the Siamese twin tag-team wrestlers, Arf and Omega, to protect them. Arf and Omega fight off the Carts and a banquet is held in their honour, where the mayor thanks them, and Steve  gives a lengthy, boring speech. The twins heckle and throw their food at Steve, and he walks away, dejected. The defeat of the Atomic Shopping Carts leads to another problem for Vileness Flats - The Bell Boys, a gang of midgets who live in the desert on the other side of the bridge. They disguise themselves as meat in order to cross the now-safe bridge, to steal the real meat from the village. These raids are depriving the villagers of necessary protein. Steve has his own problems, as well. No one but his mother knows that he is actually two people - Steve, the religious leader of Vileness Flats, and Lonesome Jack, the leader of the Bell Boys and the mastermind of the meat raids. To complicate matters further, both Steve and Jack are deeply in love with the immortal Indian princess Weescoosa, who has spent eternity searching for her one true love. Sadly, whenever it looks like she has found him, he dies. The raids are causing unrest in the village and fights are breaking out, due to lack of food. The villagers ask Arf and Omega to deal with the Bell Boys, and they agree. Before they do anything, however, they head off to a local nightclub to relax. The first act is a performance of the song "Eloise" , and the second is a performance by the seductive singer Peggy Honeydew. Honeydew flirts with both twins, causing them to become jealous of each other. Honeydew is part of a plan to dispatch the twins so that Lonesome Jack and the Bell Boys will be safe to attack the village. Arf and Omega become so enraged with each other that they become engaged in a knife fight, eventually killing each other. Steve, confused and worried about the whole mess, decides to jump into a local volcano to kill himself and thus get rid of the problems facing Vileness Flats. This was about as far as the film got before production was ended.