Rajiv  wants to be one of the popular kids of his college. However, due to the lack of a girlfriend, Danny  and Javed  mock him. He decides to ask Payal  to become his girlfriend and tells her that he's in love with her. Payal returns her "feelings" and agrees, as she has always been in love with him since their school days. Both of them accompany Danny, Javed and their girlfriends to a midnight picnic; however, Rajiv's drink is laced by Danny and, being intoxicated, he behaves badly with Payal. They are not able to make up and their relationship falls apart. Mambo, Rajiv's best friend does not like this. Soon after, Alisha Sahay ,a stylish and hot girl, starts at Spencer College. Rajiv is smitten by her and manages to woo her with the help of his friend Love Guru .Meanwhile, Mambo and Payal become close, but Payal still cares a lot for Rajiv and is silently hurt at seeing Alisha and Rajiv together. Nevertheless she continues to talk to him and wish him on his birthday, and Rajiv is taken aback by the fact that it was Payal and not Alisha who bothered to wish him first of all, as Alisha is busy with her modelling shoot. At his birthday party, Mambo and Rajiv come to blows because of Payal, and Alisha slowly starts disliking Payal. The final straw is when Alisha sees Rajiv and Payal talking, and she comes to know that both of them were together before she entered the college, and she confronts Payal and behaves rudely with her, and accuses her of stealing her boyfriend. Mambo tried to defend Payal, and Alisha puts him off, which infuriates him, and Rajiv and Mambo get into a fist fight. At Alisha's flat, Rajiv is unable to think of anything else but how Payal loved him and he let her go, and how after their break up too, she still cared for him, and the recent fight. But when Alisha hugs Rajiv,he imagines Alisha to be Payal, and accidentally says 'I love you, Payal,' At the last day of the college party, Rajiv apologizes to Mambo with a thought that Mambo was planning to propose to Payal, but then realizes his mistake as Payal still loves him. Rajiv takes the mike, and publicly apologizes to Payal, and tells her he loves her a lot, even though she might not believe him. Payal is still angry with him and tells him that despite doing a drama in front of everyone and proclaiming his love for her is not going to make her relent. Rajiv stands still in front of her and gazes pleadingly into her eyes, and Payal is convinced that Rajiv does love her. The movie ends with a happy Rajiv and Payal, and Alisha coming over to wish Rajiv all the best for his life.