15 year old Patrick  has spent many summer holidays with his parents at their cottage on a small island off the coast of South Carolina. Recent years have seen a growth of industrial developments on the island, damaging tourism. At the beginning of the film, a crate of large reptilian looking eggs are discarded at the roadside by a van driver. Twenty years later, on a holiday at their summer home, Patrick's parents and dog are attacked and killed by something which leaves Patrick in a state of shock, unable to recall the events. Patrick's grandmother finds Victoria Juno , a young psychiatrist to help Patrick come to terms with his grief. Together with his aunt Annie  the three return to the island where they come face to face with the endangered and viciously starving group of Komodo dragons. Annie is killed and Victoria and Patrick barely escape with their lives.They later meet up with Oates ([[Billy Burke  and his sidekick Denby , who were sent to kill all of the Komodos. With Annie and their ferryman dead, Victoria, Patrick, Oates and Denby must call for help from Bracken ,The man who sent them on the island and is also helping Oates with his trial against him for the murdering of his wife, which he did not commit. Bracken refuses to get them off the island until they kill all of Dragons. Patrick runs off into the woods and gets lost from the group. They hide in a nurse's station, where Denby is killed. They go off to find Patrick and Oates also tries to kill the Komodos so they can get off the island. Victoria is attacked by one of the Komodos but she is saved by Patrick. Patrick leaves without Victoria and she is attacked by another Komodo. Meanwhile, Oates is attacked by one of the Komodos and stabs it in the eye. He comes and shoots the Komodo attacking Victoria in the head. She convinces Patrick to come with them but they attacked one of the few remaining Komodos. Oates tries to kill one of the Komodos by lighting a cigar and throwing it in the gasoline, but his plan fails and Victoria manages to stab it in the eye with a rock. Bracken shows up in a helicopter and Oates steals it from them leaving them for Komodo food. Victoria and Patrick get trapped by one of the remaining komodos but they are saved by Oates who blows the Komodo up with a flare gun. They return to Florida and come back unharmed. The police chief finds them asks them if they are all right. The credits start to roll as Patrick responds "Never Better".