Two Arkansas firemen, Vince  and Don ([[William Sadler  meet an hysterical old man in a burning building. The old man hands them a map, prays for forgiveness, then allows himself to be engulfed in flames. Outside of the fire and away from everyone else, Don does a little research and finds out that the man was a thief who stole a large amount of gold valuables from a church and hid them in a building in East St. Louis. The two decide to drive there, thinking they can get there, get the gold and get back in one day. While they're looking around at the abandoned building they need to be in, though, they spot a gang, led by King James , who is there to execute an enemy of theirs. Vince and Don witness the murder, but give themselves away, and only manage to force a stalemate when they grab Lucky , King James' half-brother. Barricading themselves behind a door, they continue trying to find where the gold is. Adding to their troubles is an old homeless man, Bradlee , who had stumbled in on them while they were trying to find the gold and hold. King James, eventually calls in some reinforcements. While doing some reconnaissance, Raymond , the man who supplies the guns to King James, finds Don and Vince's car and the news story of the gold, figuring out why "two white boys" would be in their neighborhood. Raymond manipulates Savon , one of James' men, who would rather just kill them, rather than James' approach of trying to talk to Don and Vince, into shooting at Don and Vince, which eventually leads to Lucky being shot himself . King James is now furious and runs after Don and Vince, who have now found the stash of gold , and are trying to get out with the gold while avoiding King James. The gold changes hands a few times, once with Savon, another time to Bradlee, and people shooting everywhere. Eventually, Don and King James meet and end up killing each other. Savon and Raymond also kill each other. The building they were in gets burned to the ground. Vince encounters Bradlee outside the building, and Bradlee tells Vince to run . Once Vince is out of the way, Bradlee picks up the haul of gold that was left behind and walks off, laughing.