Alex Rider is a 14-year-old schoolboy who lives with his uncle Ian and their housekeeper Jack Starbright. Ian is supposedly a bank manager and is, much to Alex's regret, often away from home. One day, Alex is told that his uncle has died in a car crash, but quickly discovers that his uncle was in fact a spy working for MI6 and that he was killed by the assassin, Yassen Gregorovich. He is then recruited by his uncle's former employers, Alan Blunt and Mrs. Jones of the Special Operations Division of MI6, who explain to Alex that his uncle has been training him as a spy; Alex initially refuses to cooperate but agrees when they threaten to prosecute then deport Jack  for being an illegal immigrant. Alex is then sent to a grueling SAS training camp where his fellow trainees first look down on him because of his age, but he soon gains respect for his capabilities. He sets off on his first mission, aided by gadgets from Smithers. American billionaire Darrius Sayle is donating free high-powered computer systems codenamed Stormbreaker to every school in the United Kingdom. MI6 are suspicious of his seemingly generous plans and send Alex undercover as a competition winner to investigate. There, he meets the man himself, Sayle and his two accomplices, Mr. Grin and Nadia Vole and is shown the Stormbreaker computer in action. Later, while Alex is having dinner with Sayle, the suspicious Vole steals Alex's phone and tracks the SIM card to his house in Chelsea. She goes there and finds Alex's true identity; while there, she is disturbed by and consequently fights Jack. Despite being outclassed, Jack wins with the help of a blowfish, leaving Nadia to flee the scene. Still troubled by the events, Alex sneaks out of his bedroom window to observe a midnight delivery of mysterious containers to Sayle's lair. The next day, Alex finds himself in trouble when his cover is blown. After trying to escape from the facility, he is captured and during a villain-esque monologue, Sayle explains his true reasons behind Stormbreaker - each system contains a deadly virus which when activated will kill all the UK's schoolchildren. Sayle leaves Alex tied up and departs for the London Science Museum. Nadia drops Alex into a water-tank to be killed by a giant Portuguese Man o' War, but he escapes using the metal-disintegrating spot cream supplied by Smithers, rupturing the tank and killing Nadia when the jellyfish hits her. Alex then hitches a ride on a helicopter piloted by Mr. Grin, using a sodium pentothal arrow to gain Mr. Grin's obedience. Alex parachutes out of the helicopter and lands just as the Prime Minister is about to press the button which will activate the computers. Alex uses a rifle to shoot the podium, which destroys the button, and ruins Sayle's plan. Sayle is furious and leaves, but Alex then realizes that Sayle has a back-up plan, and with the help of school friend Sabina Pleasure, he pursues Sayle through the streets of London. Fifty floors up on one of Sayle's skyscrapers, Alex reaches him and unplugs his backup plan. An angered Sayle chases him out onto the roof and pushes him off but Alex manages to hold on with a cable. Sayle is distracted by the arrival of Sabina just as he is about to kill Alex, but pushes her off as well and leaves her hanging off the building by Alex's hand. Just as Sayle is about to shoot Alex, Sayle is killed when Yassen arrives in a helicopter and shoots him  before rescuing Alex. Yassen tells Alex to forget about him, but Alex refuses, saying that the killing of Ian means they are still enemies. Alex returns to school; he and Sabina are talking about what happened and he says that it will never happen again. The film ends with someone observing Alex from a distance. He notices it and realizes that it's not the end.