The film focuses on a branch leader position has opened up in Chicken's group and he is up against Barbarian to get it. The "Hung Hing" triad has to deal with finding a new successor to be the head of the Hung Hing group and they get the old boss' brother who resides in Thailand. Young and Dangerous 4 also brings in new characters in the "Hung Hing" group such as Ben Hon, Sister 13, and Prince. Because, before the Hongxing society leading Jiang Tiansheng has killed the entire community into the Realm of the rudderless. Chen Yao-led Societies six recruited to travel to Thailand, invited Jiang Tiansheng's brother Jiang day raising as a new faucet. However, Yao-Yang, the Eastern Star News Agency, one of the "Eastern Star Fab Five", but took the opportunity to kill Han Bin brother dinosaur, Tuen Mun, recruited to produce the vacancy. Soon, Jiang day raise promised to return to Hong Kong took over as the new leading and decided to chose one person as the new Tuen Mun recruited from the pheasant and Health aboriginal two of them. How material Chan Ho-nam deep "in rivers and lakes, involuntarily," helpless, and therefore urged pheasant not the place for recruited. Just, pheasants do not want to miss this opportunity, still insisted on competition, recruited, but the brothers philosophies, big day, led by the hand down the assassination of Health aboriginal unfortunately seriously injured, is fortunate enough to fly help solve the problem, but Yao-Yang know the big day hiding place with Nutty Li will be two from a tall building left, two of the big day unfortunately jumped to death, but the pheasant has not revoked the contention recruited by the idea. In addition, raw Fan Nutty Li and Yao-Yang strong support, competitive momentum soared. The film ends at mission complete a Chan Ho-Nam as exclusive and Chicken Chiu as vice-exclusive officialy successful of excelent at the snapshot to potraits as the background and screen fades to black and the movie ends it was officially reinnaugurated by Young and Dangerous 5 it was officially premiered on New Year's Day 1998.