Steve Walker  arrives in a seacoast town to take the position of track coach at the local college, in Maryland, called Godolphin. The night of his arrival coincides with a charity bazaar at Blackbeard's Inn, a hotel run by the elderly descendants of the pirate's crew, where Steve will be boarding. The owners are attempting to pay off their mortgage in order to keep the inn from being bought by the local crime boss, Silky Seymour , who wants to build a casino on the land. In quick succession, Steve discovers his track team's shortcomings and runs afoul of the dean of Godolphin College, its football coach, and Seymour; but he also makes the acquaintance of an attractive Godolphin professor, Jo Anne Baker , who is anxious to help the elderly ladies save the Inn. A bidding war with the football coach at the charity auction nets Steve an antique bed warmer, once owned by the wife of Captain Blackbeard, named Aldetha Teach, . Inside this bed warmer is hidden a book of magic spells, that had once been the property of Blackbeard's wife. Steve recites one as a lark, unintentionally conjuring up the ghost of Blackbeard , who appears as a socially-inappropriate drunkard whose wife cursed him to an existence in limbo unless he can perform a good deed. The two are bound to one another by the power of the spell and only the very reluctant Steve can see or hear the ghost. As a result, Steve must deal with the antics of the wayward pirate while attempting to revive Godolphin's track team and form a relationship with Jo Anne. Steve gets arrested falsely for drunk driving, in his automobile, which was in the control of Blackbeard, who was steering the steering wheel like a pirate ship, As a result of this, as well as causing the cop's motorcycle to crash into a tree, he spends a night in prison, while Blackbeard goes in and out, creating havoc for Steve. While in prison, Steve tells Blackbeard about what Mrs Stowcroft mentioned that if Blackbeard did a good deed, the curse would be broken. However, when Steve asks for the treasure that would help save the Daughters of the Buccaneers, in keeping the inn, Blackbeard admits that he spend all of the money, therefore, causing Steve to no longer trust Blackbeard. Steve gets released from prison the next, however, he's placed on probation with the college. His team had to win the Broxton relays or he would be finished. The trouble was that the athletes looked pale and sorrowful, causing them not have a chance in the competitions. Things get more complicated when the pirate steals one of the Inn's mortgage payments and bets it on Steve's track team. Blackbeard's intention is to use his ghostly powers to help Godolphin win the Broxton Relay track meet, and thereby pay the mortgage in full. Though Steve  is at first outraged over the pirate's interference during the meet, he eventually decides the greater good is to win the money for the sake of the Inn, and help the old ladies whom he also has grown fond of. He also accepts the pirate's help in shaking down Silky Seymour and his thugs after Seymour refuses to pay out the winnings from the bet. Finally, with the mortgage paid, Blackbeard has performed his good deed and is released from the curse. After Steve has revealed him to the ladies and Jo Anne, Blackbeard bids them all a cordial goodbye and departs to join his former crew, leaving Steve and Jo Anne to pursue their future happily together.