The twin cities of Sodom and Gomorrah prosper because of their great deposits of salt, which are mined by an army of slaves. The decadent citizens, who have become wealthy by trading salt, live in luxury and use slaves as servants and for violent games of entertainment. After a night of revelry, Astorath , the Prince of Sodom, tells slave girl Tamar  to meet the Chief of the Elamites, with whom he plans to overthrow his sister, Bera, Queen of Sodom . Tamar's treason is discovered and Bera demands the name of her co-conspirator. Tamar refuses to speak and Bera has her and her two sisters killed. Meanwhile, Lot  leads his family and a Hebrew tribe through the desert, hoping that he can find a permanent home for the Hebrews along the fertile banks of the River Jordan. As the Hebrews approach their destination, Lot meets the beautiful Ildith , who luxuriates in a litter while a group of slave girls in chains precede her over the rocky terrain. Lot assumes that Ildith owns these women. She tells him that she is also a slave, albeit the chief of the Queen of Sodom's body slaves. Lot tells her that owning slaves is evil. The following dialog ensues:  Ildith: "Evil? How strange you are. Where I come from, nothing is evil. Everything that gives pleasure is good."Lot: "Where do you come from?" Ildith: "There, not far. Just ahead: Sodom and Gomorrah."  Once Lot and his people reach the Jordan, he negotiates the use of the land with Queen Bera, promising her both grain and defense should Sodom&#39;s enemies attack. He makes one provision to their deal: any slave of Sodom who reaches the Hebrew camp will be granted asylum. She agrees, and in a surprising turn, gives Lot Ildith. Ildith is unwilling to leave the queen and her life of luxury in Sodom. Astorath, is disgusted and baffled by his sister&#39;s easy terms with the Hebrews. However, he soon turns his attentions to Lot&#39;s flirtatious daughter, Shuah . Ildith dislikes the rough conditions of the Hebrew camp, but soon becomes a friend to Lot&#39;s daughters. She and Lot also fall in love and plan to marry. Love also blooms elsewhere in the camp as Shuah and Astorath begin a secret affair. Lot&#39;s other daughter, Maleb  and his lieutenant, Ishmael  also plan a marriage. Lot and Ildith&#39;s wedding day celebrations are interrupted by an Elamite attack. Although the Hebrews and Sodomite army fight valiantly, they are nearly defeated by the fierce nomadic warriors. As a last, desperate measure, Lot orders the dam that the Hebrews have built to be broken. His quick thinking saves the twin cities and the Hebrews, but also destroys the camp and the crops. However, the flood waters reveal that the Hebrew camp is also the site of a vast salt deposit. Lot now believes that the Hebrews can move out of the wilderness and live among the Sodomites  by selling salt.  Some time later, Lot and Ildith now live in luxury in Sodom. Sodomites and Hebrews both revere Lot and seek his judgment. Ishmael however, believes that Lot has succumbed to luxury and instead should raise a force to liberate Sodom&#39;s mine slaves. Lot disagrees and advises Ishmael to wait, believing that the Sodomites will change their ways in time. Ishmael does not heed Lot and unsuccessfully tries to set the slaves free. He believes that the Hebrews will harbour the slaves, but they instead shut their doors on the desperate men who are soon recaptured and tortured to death. As the newly appointed minister of justice, Lot must now sentence Ishmael. However Ishmael is only one of Lot&#39;s problems, as he is confronted by the jealous Astorath, who tells him that not only has he had both of Lot&#39;s daughters, but that Ildith has kept these affairs secret. An outraged Lot kills Astorath. At this point, Queen Bera&#39;s plot becomes clear: she used the Hebrews to stop the Elamite threat and also used Lot to rid her of her scheming brother. Lot becomes deeply remorseful that he has killed and that he has led his family and people into sin. Bera has him taken to prison. While Lot asks God for forgiveness and guidance, two angels appear to tell him that God is displeased with the twin cities and will destroy them. Lot pleads with the angels to spare the city if he can find just ten Sodomite citizens who will repent and leave the cities with him. The angels agree and free both Lot and Ishmael from prison. Meanwhile, many men re-captured slaves are tortured to death on the wheel, and Queen Bera exclaims &#34;But wait, the games have just begun,&#34; when Lot appears seeking ten righteous Sodomites. Although he has God&#39;s consent, Lot finds it impossible to persuade any Sodomite citizen to follow him, only the slaves are willing to accompany him. Even his own daughters, who believe Lot a hypocrite, at first refuse. Ildith, however, convinces them to leave, hoping that they will someday understand their father and his greatness as a leader. Shuah goes only grudgingly, telling Lot that she hopes to see him suffering as she is now that Astorath is dead. Immediately after the Hebrews and Sodomite slaves leave, God assails Sodom with earthquakes and lightning. Queen Bera retreats with her slave Orphea to her palace, where they are killed under the collapsing pillars. Everybody flees into the streets, crushed by collapsing towers. Not one single Sodomite lives to tell the tale. Meanwhile Ildith now wishes she were back in Sodom. Despite her love for Lot, Ildith cannot accept his God, choosing to believe in Lot rather than in a Divine plan. Despite Lot&#39;s warnings, Ildith looks back at Sodom. God turns her into a pillar of salt just as He destroys the city with an atom bomb-like explosion. Lot collapses in grief. Maleb and Shuah rush to comfort him. He staggers off with the Hebrews, who wander the desert once more.