Before the film, Moomin and his parents Moominpappa and Moominmamma had moved to Moominvalley and built their house. Moomin, Little My and Sniff went to the beach to find shells for Moomimamma who wanted them to adorn her flowerbeds. During the trip Sniff found a cave. On the same evening it was raining, Moominmamma gave Moomintroll a pearl to could give to anyone he cared for. Moomin knew she thought of a girl, and didn't believe it would happen. Surprisingly, Muskrat asked for a place to stay because his home on the riverbank had been destroyed, where Moominpappa had build a bridge on the same day. Muskrat, a philosopher, had smelled something strange recently, and argued that the current rain was unnatural. The next day, Muskrat's words come true, because the rain was black and according to Muskrat that it was soot from space. To the entire people of the valley, he notes that the Final Judgment would fall upon them on. Later on the same day at the dinner table, he tells the Moomins about galaxies, their homeworld, and its fate. He believes that a threat is coming from space. Moominpappa gets the idea about the astronomical observatory in the Lonely mountains, where a telescope can see far into space. The next morning, Moomin, Little My and Sniff leave the valley toward the Lonely mountains. On the way they meet Snufkin for the first time when he played the harmonica in a tent close to the river. Snufkin had heard about the comet which could crush to earth at any time, and joins the group. On the way he also tells of an old crater that is filled with garnets. Later, Sniff visits the crater, to get garnets for himself. But a large granite monster attacks him, which Sniff survives through luck and losing all his food at the same time. After that they climb the steep mountains towards the observatory, while Moomin finds a golden anklet. Snufkin knows that the anklet belongs to the Snork Maiden, who also was probably traveling with his brother to the observatory and investigate the comet. They arrive at the astronomical observatory, where they find out the comet will be colliding after two days. On the way back to home, Moomin saves the Snork Maiden and her brother Snork from the jaws of a carnivorous tree. Both join the group. On the way they cross the bottom of the ocean, which comet has sucked dry. There Sniff finds an old pocket knife and the Snorkmaiden saves Moomintroll and Snufkin from a giant octopus in a sunken ship. They eventually reach the Moominvalley where all residents are seeking shelter because of the comet. After that Moomin and friends meet a Hemul who is a philatelist. After having survived a hurricane, they arrive to the Moomin House, where Moominpapa and Moominmamma were waiting, and start celebrate Moomin's birthday. Then they decide to move to Sniff's cave. Sniff is lost during the move when he saw the kitten and he was followed him by with a piece of Moomin's birthday cake. The comet was already approaching the valley, but Moomin and Snufkin tried to find Sniff and eventually found him in the last minute. The comet was almost crashing the earth, but changes the direction of upward rotation of the circle from it. Many hours later, the sun returns to shine and the sea comes back and all Moomins and their friends are celebrating it on the beach. At same time Moomin give the Snork Maiden the pearl which he got from Moominmama at the beginning of the film. He gets a kiss in return from the Snork Maiden.