{{Plot}} Bob the Tomato is eagerly awaiting Larry the Cucumber's return from "Danish Immersion Camp" as the episode begins. But when Larry shows up, he informs Bob that he never really went there, ending up instead at "Overdone British Literary Adaptations Camp". Bob is dismayed because Larry's knowledge of Danish was critical to the scheduled show intended to address a viewer's question about self-worth. Larry comes up with an alternate plan though, one based on his experience at the Camp he did attend. The result is a parody of The Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. In "The Strange Case of Dr. Jiggle and Mr. Sly", we first encounter an English gentleman named Mr. Butterbun and his butler Poole. Butterbun is obsessing about a flashy disco dancer who appears on the street at night with a boom box to perform. The neighbors, including Poole, seem to enjoy his performances, but Butterbun is deeply suspicious. When the dancer disappears into the home of Dr. Jiggle, he insists that they warn the doctor. Dr. Jiggle also admits to being impressed by the Mr. Sly's fantastic moves, and confesses a desire to be a dancer himself. Unfortunately for him, his portly stature makes this impossible, his jiggly belly being a target for ridicule. When Butterbun requests an audience with Mr. Sly, Dr. Jiggle becomes frantic and quickly shows his guests the doorstep. Butterbun is determined to find out who Mr. Sly really is and why he keeps disappearing into Dr. Jiggle's house. He enlists Poole to set a trap for him, to detain him while he dances and remove his disguise; but this plan fails when his butler instead gets caught up in the dance. The following night, however, Butterbun himself intervenes, stopping the music and confronting Mr. Sly. He recognizes his eyes, and when the dancer trips over the boom box, the portly Dr. Jiggle bursts forth from the constricting clothing. Butterbun is shocked but explains that he didn't need to hide in a disguise because he's special just the way God made him. The Silly Song "Sport Utility Vehicle" follows, in which Larry and Miss Akmetha sing in admiration of each other's vehicles. They lead sedentary and mundane lives, however, and can only dream of one day having the opportunity to perform daring rescues  in their SUV's. In the main feature, "A Snoodle's Tale," Bob narrates the story of a whimsical little creature known as a Snoodle. The Snoodles live in Snoodleburg, a town which features prominently a large clock tower in the center. Every fourth Tuesday, it spits out a new Snoodle which slides down a chute to join the Snoodle society. We witness the birth of one such creature named Snoodle Doo. He is born without any knowledge of his talents or abilities, but has on his back a backpack which contains paints, a paintbrush, and a kazoo. He also discovers he has wings. Attempting to figure out his purpose in life, he tries to utilize these gifts: first flying and then painting. But his attempts are met with ridicule by the older, more experienced Snoodles. Making matters worse, they paint him pictures of his failures and stuff them into his backpack. The weight of these pictures  drag him down, making him feel worthless. He decides to leave Snoodleburg and, observing the finches flying freely over Mt. Ginches, decides that he too will go there. After an arduous climb he eventually reaches the peak. There he meets a Stranger, the Creator of the Snoodles , who lives in a cave high above the clouds. The Stranger asks the Snoodle why he is so dejected, and the Snoodle explains that it's because he is no good at anything. The Stranger invites him in for tea and throws the hurtful pictures into the fire, assuring him that he looks nothing like them at all. He draws him a new picture, one that shows him confident and proud, encouraging him not just to fly, but to soar. The Snoodle's own picture, the one ridiculed by his elders, the Stranger hangs on his fridge. The story ends as the young Snoodle flies back to Snoodleburg and tells of his journey to the others.