Edith Alice "Breezy" Breezerman , a teenage woman, wakes up in a stranger's bed, gets dressed, fails to brush her teeth for lack of tooth paste and walks out the door with her guitar. She catches a ride to the valley with another stranger. When he starts to drive in the wrong direction and talks about giving his last hitchiker something to yell about, she escapes the car when it stops for another car backing up in front of him. Frank Harmon  is introduced saying goodbye to a girl he met last night and never wants to see again. As he gets into his car to drive to work, Breezy jumps into his car asking for a ride to the valley. Breezy talks about her time with the stranger in bed last night and in the car this morning. When he stops and says he's going to Hollywood and not the valley, she says that's fine by me. She then tells him to stop when she sees a stray dog laying on the side of the road. When Frank says the dog is beyond help, she runs away crying. He carries the dog back to his car when it starts to move, and sees Breezy's guitar in his car. He makes it to his job as a realtor and makes a call to Betty , a woman he was going to have lunch with. They stop to look at a house which she says she would be happy in. Then she tells him that she is getting married to another man and would be interested in buying the house. When they sit down for lunch, he tells her he is sad to lose. She said he is sad losing. He makes it back home with Breezy waiting for him. She said she was there for the guitar. He seems annoyed by her presence, but she is persistant about keeping a conversation going. She then asks for some food. He says Breezy should get a job, but admits his ex-wife lives off his alimony check without working. She then asks to use his shower, starts to undress in front of him, but he leaves her to take her shower alone. She comes out to talk him wearing only a towel. He says she should try her games on someone else. She leaves with her guitar, saying I've never woke in the morning with someone I was sorry I was there, but I bet you have. Frank spends the next day at work thinking about Breezy. He then has dinner with Betty and her new fiancee, but tries to discourage him buying the house he and Betty looked at before. Betty asks to leave in frustration. Breezy shows up at his home in the middle of the night, claiming to be his neice. He takes her in, gives her an apple to eat, then relents to take her to see the ocean for the first time. He starts to feel an attraction toward her. He carries her asleep back to his house, removing only her boots to sleep. She admits that she loves him, but he asks if she would like to be loved back. She says she thought she was. Frank is sad that Breezy is gone in the morning. Breezy spends time with friends at a coffee shop while Frank plays golf with his friend Bob. Bob tells him his wife doesn't excite him anymore, but he is afraid to be alone. Frank drives home and Breezy is waiting for him. He says he must bring papers over for Betty and her new husband's new home before they leave on their honeymoon. He admits he was sad she left last night without saying goodbye and wouldn't mind if she waited for him at his home to come back. He says 10:00, but comes back much later after saying goodbye to Betty. Breezy is still waiting for him and asks him to make love to her. Frank tells Breezy they are spending the day together and it's a surprise what they are doing. Breezy says her parents died when she was young in Pennsylvania, and she came to California alone to start a new life. Frank takes her to see the dog from the side of the road who has made a full recovery. Breezy admits she will love Frank until the day she dies. Frank buys her new clothes, plays with the dog, always being reminded how much older he is then Breezy. When they go for dinner, they run into his ex-wife who makes him glad she's out of his life. Frank admits he has feelings for her when they spend the day at the ocean. Frank runs into he friend Bob and his wife at the movies. He feels self consious about being with such a young woman around his friend. Frank feels good about his life, but Bob makes him feel bad again about dating such a young woman when they see each other again at the gym. Frank watches Breezy with her young friends and feels distant from her. He starts to pull away from her when she makes dinner for them. The relationship breaks when he says he can't cope with the pressure of their large age difference. Breezy says he should keep the dog because she can't afford to take care of it, but don't teach the dog to roll over and play dead, alluding to her image of Frank's own life. After Frank starts to feel his lonliness, and learns Betty was in a car accident that killed her new husband, he seeks out Breezy again. He says that the relationship will only last a year, but Breezy reminds him a year is a long time and life is meant to be lived.