{{plot|section|dateThe murderCluesSuspectsMotive After concluding his enquiries on the suspects, Poirot gathers all of them in the dining room to present his solution to the crime. He has concluded into two possible scenarios of the murder. The first scenario, which he calls the simple solution, is based on several clues, planted by the suspects to imply that Ratchett's/Cassetti's murder was a result of a mafia feud, intending to throw off-track any investigations. Then Poirot analyzes his second solution, referring to it as a more complex one than the previous, according to which every passenger of the Calais coach, including the steward, Michel, were linked to the Armstrong case, thus providing them with sufficient motives: *McQueen was the son of the District Attorney who prosecuted the case and was very fond of Mrs. Armstrong; *Beddoes was Colonel Armstrong's army batman and the family butler; *Miss Debenham was Mrs Armstrong's secretary; *Col. Arbuthnott was an army friend of Col. Armstrong; *Princess Dragomiroff was Sonia Armstrong's godmother; *Miss Schmidt was the Armstrongs' cook; *Countess Andrenyi was Mrs Armstrong's sister; *Count Andrenyi was Mrs Armstrong's brother in law. *Miss Ohlsson was Daisy's nursemaid; *Mrs Hubbard was Mrs Armstrong's mother; *Foscarelli was the Armstrongs' chauffeur; *Hardman was, at the time, a policeman who was in love with Paulette; *Michel was Paulette's father. Ratchett was sedated by Beddoes and McQueen. Each of the passengers then stabbed him in turn. As soon as Poirot finishes his explanation, everyone in the car is dumbfounded. Poirot suggests that Bianchi should choose which explanation they should present to the police: the simple or the complex one. Bianchi decides that this "simple" solution will be more than enough for the local police and that Ratchett deserved everything he got. A cover-up is therefore instigated. Poirot agrees with the decision, and he departs to conduct his report to the police, even though he admits he will struggle with his conscience. The train becomes unbound with snow and starts on its way as everyone toasts one another.