{{plot}} Paul Marsh is a stock market tycoon vacationing off the shores of Spain with his girlfriend, Barbara, and their friends Vicki and Howard. A storm blows the friends' boat against some hidden rocks. Vicki is trapped below deck, and Howard stays with her while Paul and Barbara take a lifeboat to the little fishing village of Imbocca. At shore, Barbara and Paul find no one about, and venture into town until they eventually reach the church, where they find a priest. Barbara convinces him to help them, and the priest comes to speak with two fishermen at the docks, who volunteer to take either Paul or Barbara to the wreck. Despite Paul's misgivings, Barbara stays to try to find a phone in order to call a doctor while Paul goes to help their friends. Vicki and Howard are mysteriously missing, however, and Paul is brought back to Imboca, where he is sent to a hotel that Barbara was supposed to have ended up in. But she is missing as well, and Paul is left to wait for her in an old, filthy room. After inspecting the room, Barbara walks in, and Paul tries to talk with her. But she turns to face him, only to open her mouth and scream at him while tentacles protrude from her mouth. Paul jerks awake, indicating that it was a dream. His fitful rest is then disturbed by a large gathering of strange, inhuman people approaching the hotel, and Paul fearfully tries to barricade himself in the room, but is forced to flee from the masses. He ends up in a macabre tannery full of human skins, where he discovers Howard's skinned face. He ends up fighting off several of the villagers by starting a fire and uses the flames and confusion as a diversion. Paul runs and finds momentary safety with an old drunkard named Ezequiel, the last human in Imboca. Ezequiel explains how the worship of Dagon brought incredible wealth in the form of fish and gold to Imboca, but also terror when Dagon demanded live sacrifices and human women to breed with. Paul realizes his friends are in danger, and begs Ezequiel to help him save Barbara and Vicki. Ezequiel relents and takes Paul to the Mayor's manor, distracting some Imbocans long enough for Paul to slip inside. There, Paul finds a beautiful woman named Uxia Cambarro, who looks just like the mermaid from Paul's dream. She saves him from discovery, but when Paul finds she isn't human either, he flees again in horror, despite Uxia's pleas to stay. Paul narrowly escapes a horde of more villagers by stealing an old car, but ends up crashing, and is caught and thrown into a barn, where he is reunited with Vicki, Ezequiel, and Barbara. The three plan to escape, but the attempt comes to naught when they are discovered. Having been raped and impregnated, Vicki kills herself, and Paul and Ezequiel manage to kill one guard and subdue another before being recaptured by the guards' backup. Barbara is taken away, and Paul and Ezequiel end up in a butchery, where they are chained and given a chance to join the worship of Dagon. When they both refuse, Ezequiel is killed before Paul's eyes while they both recite Psalm 23. Paul is saved by the appearance of Uxia, who informs Paul that he has no choice but to join them. When he seems to concede, Uxia tells the priest to make arrangements for their marriage. After Uxia leaves, Paul escapes, killing the guards and the priest, and starts desperately looking for Barbara, collecting a can of kerosene on the way. His search brings him to the empty church, and inside is a hidden passage that takes him below ground, where a congregation of Imbocans are watching Uxia, now garbed as a priestess, torture Barbara before the human woman is chained and lowered into a deep, water-filled pit. While the Imbocan congregation and Uxia call to Dagon, Paul attacks, dousing several villagers in kerosene and lighting them on fire before pulling Barbara out of the pit. However, it is too late to save her. The monstrous Dagon himself grabs Barbara and drags her back down the pit severing her arms, much to Paul's horror. The uninjured Imbocans surround Paul, but are stayed by one man who is revealed to be Paul's father- and Uxia's as well. She explains that Paul's human mother escaped from Imboca years ago, but now that Paul has returned, he will be her lover, and they will go to dwell with Dagon forever, thanks to the Imbocans' immortality. Trapped, Paul pours the last of the kerosene over his body and lights himself on fire in despair. Uxia grabs him and sends them both into the water, where Paul develops gills. With no choice left, he follows Uxia down into the pit he has seen in his dreams.