When Khan Kluay is born, his grandmother notes that his back is strong and has thick skin like his father and that his true strength lies within, and names him "Khan Kluay" . As a young elephant, Khan Kluay is taunted by the other elephants because he is fatherless. Naturally, Khan Kluay is curious about his father, and he's told that his father is a war elephant for the king. Because of this, he wants to find his father. As he was still a young elephant, he wanders off to begin his search, and he is soon captured by a Burmese raiding party. In trying to escape from the Burmese camp, the young elephant is befriended by a Siamese boy prince, Naresuan, who has been ransomed to the Burmese. Naresuan has the ability to calm Khan Kluay into thinking clearly, and Khan Kluay makes his escape. Weakened, Khan Kluay then comes upon a village where humans and elephants are working together. He is befriended by a young female elephant, Khan Sua, and is then chained up until he is healed. Khan Kluay soon learns to value the humans who have captured him. Under the training of a wise old mahout, he becomes bigger and stronger. A local warlord comes around annually to collect taxes from the village, and his taxes have become greedier and heavier each year. The village rebels, and with the humans and their elephants working together, the warlord and his beasts are defeated. Naresuan, now as the king of Siam, has called for elephants, and Khan Kluay is taken to the palace. There, he is seen by his mother, who calls out to him. He goes wild in trying to break her free from her chains to help his mother. Naresuan notices this, and remembers that he is Khan Kluay from his boyhood. The king is able to calm Khan Kluay, and from then on, he serves as Naresuan's war elephant. In battle, Khan Kluay confronts Nguangdaeng, a giant Burmese war elephant with fiery eyes, who was responsible for the death of his father. He gets a chance to acquit himself in battle for the glory of Siam, and his revenge. Finally, Khan Kluay avenges for his father by killing Nguangdaeng. After that, he is released to spend the rest of his life with his loved ones until the Burmese return.