Twenty years ago Angar Chand  lived a wealthy lifestyle in a small town in India along with his wife, Parvati, and four sons, Balram , Kishan , Shakti ([[Arbaaz Khan  and Jai . Since Balram is of marriageable age, he arranges his marriage with the daughter of Laxmi Devi ([[Lakshmi , who decides to oppose this marriage. During the wedding ceremony, Laxmi Devi and her sons, Surajbhan, and Pratap forcibly remove their sister and accidentally kill Parvati. They subsequently get their sister married to Kashinath. An enraged Angar hacks Laxmi's husband to death, is arrested and sentenced to 14 years in prison. When he returns he makes it clear that women will not be permitted in his house, posting a sign on the front gate, and forbids his sons to ever marry. At the movie's beginning Angarchand and his sons prevent Anjali's marriage, , Laxmi's granddaughter. Jai humiliates Anjali when she returns to uday pratap Law College after her failed engagement. Laxmi convinces Anjali to trick Jai into falling in love with her to cause a rift in the family. Jai, meets with Anjali, who openly admits that she is attracted to him. Jai, at first rejects her, then decides to teach her and her family a lesson. Both feign their love for each other, but subsequently Anjali admits that she wanted to come close to Jai to extract vengeance, as well as Jai admitting his agenda. Both go their separate ways, but find that they are indeed in love with each other. In order to get wed, Jai must first convince his elder brothers to get married albeit in vain as none of them even want to consider this option. Then Lucky , Jai's friend, finds out that Kishan, a seemingly celibate Bhagwan Hanuman's devotee, is leading a dual life as Murari, who has been married to a woman, Gopi , from Gangapur, for 7 years and has two children, a son and a daughter. When Angar finds out he kicks Kishan and Jai out of his house because Jai supports Kishan's marriage. A marriage is finalized for Anjali with a son of advocate of Laxmi, but after Jai and Anjali acknowledge their love for each other to her family, Pratap and Surajbhan approach Angar to help them stop Jai from disrupting this marriage on one hand, while Laxmi tells Jai to marry Anjali - setting off confrontations between the estranged sons and father. Jai, Kishan and his wife Gopi, and Lucky sneak into the wedding festival with the help of Anjali's uncle Veeru. Jai is dressed as the bridegroom and successfully completes the wedding ceremony. Once Laxmi recognizes Jai in disguise, she confronts Angar to cut his own son's throat. Jai tells his father he won't go through with the wedding without his approval. Balram the oldest of the brothers finally tells Jai to place the wedding necklace on Anjali's neck which finalizes the wedding. The necklace is grabbed from Jai's hands and a race goes throughout the wedding hall chasing Jai to stop him, but in the end Jai succeeds and the marriage is completed. Anjali asks her grandmother to stop the feud their families and Jai asks his father for forgiveness. Angar leaves the wedding and contemplates all his sons actions on the way home. All brothers and the two wives arrive and the gate. Angar looks at his sons and takes the sign off the gate and finally welcomes women back into his family.