As an amorphous alien lifeform annihilated a television satellite above Japan, a similar creature on Earth suddenly thwarted the efforts of a local branch of the International Diamond Robbery Ring. The diamonds they sought vanished, and similar unexplained events continued to occur across the globe. The gangsters thought they were in luck however, for they caught word of a shipment of raw diamonds in Yokohama. The professional thieves took advantage of this ripe opportunity and attempted a heist on an armored car; unfortunately for them, they were fooled and escaped with nothing but candy... Meanwhile, Inspector Kommei's investigation of these strange events led him to the crystallographer Dr. Munakata. In the process of tracking down the solo “jewel thief” Mark Jackson, the police came to learn of the mysterious events of the armored car heist. A nearby coal truck had begun to lift off the ground by some unknown force and disappear into the atmosphere. The creature from outer space was deemed to be the culprit, an alien beast that drew its energy from carbon. Dr. Munakata, confident in a remarkable scientific discovery, left for the coalmines near northern Kyushu, where it was proposed that the strange being would make its next appearance. Mark Jackson, whose motives were still unclear, also took leave for Kyushu, as the realization was finally made that the candy recovered at the heist was likely his doing. It was probable that he had, in truth, absconded with the true gems. Hamako, one of the gangsters responsible for the failed heist, prepared to double-cross her comrades and retrieve the diamonds for herself. As Dr. Munakata arrived at Dogora's next likely target, unidentified objects began to show on radar. A swarm of wasps was attacking Dogora in retaliation for the disturbance of their hives in the mines, and as they attacked, solid crystal sections of the monster began to fall to the Earth below. Over Dokaiwan Bay, as night fell, evacuation orders were put into effect as the jellyfish-like monster began to descend from the sky. The self-defense force fired, to no avail. The monster continued to absorb carbon-based materials wherever they could be located, and the abomination even destroyed the Wakato Bridge in the process. The military continued to unleash their artillery at the alien creature, and succeeded in momentarily silencing their foe. Unfortunately, the creature was only undergoing mitosis, and the horror remained... Noting the crystallizing effects of the wasp venom on Dogora, mass production was soon ordered for the creation of a similar toxin. The gangsters, still desperate for a successful heist, tracked Mark Jackson and Inspector Kommei and almost immediately jumped to the conclusion that Mark had hidden the real diamonds in a safe-deposit box. Hamako left to retrieve the stash, but instead fled solo with the stolen goods. The thieves left Jackson and Kommei tied and doomed to death-by-dynamite, but the two men joined forces and only barely managed to escape. Meanwhile, Dogora attacked once again, but this time, powerful artificial wasp venom quickly ate away at the creature. The robbers and the police clashed at the beach, and in the heat of a vicious gunfight, the gang was completely wiped out by a falling crystal boulder, once a section of Dogora's extra-terrestrial flesh. The wasp venom finally took full effect, and Dogora was no more... It was soon discovered that the diamonds Hamako had retrieved from the safe-deposit box were, in fact, synthetic; and Mark had always been on the side of law enforcement. As this truth came to light, Dr. Munakata and his secretary left for the UN to discuss the peaceful potential of the Dogora incident with the world. With the thieves out of the picture and the monster defeated, peace returned to Japan and the whole of Planet Earth.