Melinda Sordino  starts out her freshman year in high school being labeled a "squealer" for calling the police to a house party the previous summer. Her real reason for calling 9-1-1 was that she was raped at the party by a senior, Andy Evans . But when the police arrived, she did not report the rape. When her parents see her report card, they prompt her to see Mr Neck , who tells her to write an essay on any history topic. After failing to read her paper aloud to her class, she gets sent to the office of the school principal . Melinda is nice to a new student named Heather Billings , who claims to be Melinda's "friend," but Heather abandons Melinda when the chance for social advancement arises. The only other student with whom Melinda has a positive experience is her lab partner Dave Petrakis , who has successfully managed to keep from affiliating himself with a clique. As the year progresses, Melinda begins a painfully slow recapture of her confidence, with some help from Dave and her art teacher Mr. Freeman. Her former friend Rachel  starts dating Andy , and as the only other person who knows about the event, Melinda fears that Rachel will suffer the same fate. Melinda finds Rachel at the library and tells her the truth about what happened at the party by writing it on paper. At first Rachel refuses to believe her, but comes to realize the truth. Rachel begins to tell other people about what happened and Andy comes after Melinda. He corners her and she struggles to get free. They are found by one of her old friends and a group of girls. Mr. Neck sees Melinda walking away from the scene and asks what was going on, but Melinda doesn't respond. On the way back from the hospital after being treated for her injuries, Melinda rolls down the window of the car, breathing in deeply. She finally finds the strength to tell her mother the truth about what happened at the party. Although it is clear that Melinda will still need time to fully recover from her ordeals, this is a significant and empowering event in her life, as she finally finds the courage to speak.