Bill Engvall was the first performer, covering a variety of anecdotes including incidents with his son's trampoline, nearly being thrown off an airplane, his stressful time at a massage parlor, his addiction to Sky Mall Magazine, and an incident involving two of the family dogs and a coyote. Ron White, with trademark drink and cigar in hand, followed Engvall. His routine included dieting tips that he'd received, his solution to the problems with the DHS's "state of awareness scale," his ill fortune with Texas Hold'em, being stranded in Fairbanks, Alaska, and the pet concierge at the Don Cesar resort in Florida. Jeff Foxworthy took the stage after White, and spent most of his time onstage discussing his latest addition to his redneck-related material, "redneck fashion tips," along with his amusement at an odd advertisement for LASIK surgery. Larry the Cable Guy was the last performer, and covered a variety of topics including some of his past girlfriends, his new wife and their pregnancy, embarrassing incidents at Wal-Mart and his local grocery store, and an incident at a Home Depot in which a customer was glued to a toilet seat by pranksters. After Larry's routine, the other three comedians joined him onstage, where they shared some of their favorite jokes. After this, they showed the audience potentially embarrassing pictures from their photo albums which the show's producers had asked their wives to send without them knowing it. The DVD also includes these bonus features: *Yankee Doody Dandy - a short film directed by C.B. Harding. The Blue Collar boys play a trick on President Bush  at the White House. *Molding the Minds of Young Americans - The four hold a question-and-answer session with students at George Washington University. *Blue Collar Fans - A segment of interviews by the fans. *Behind the Scenes of One For the Road - The making of the film and "Yankee Doody Dandy," as well as production of the DVD. *A slideshow of the pictures shown within the last segment of the movie. *"Previews" of the Blue Collar Comedy Tour Rides Again and the Reno 911! Season 3 DVD.