Mowgli has been raised by the wolf pack ever since his father was killed by Shere Khan the tiger, when Mowgli was very young. Mowgli's best friends consist of Baloo the bear, Bagheera the panther and his favourite brother, Grey Wolf. The banderlog often attempt to kidnap Mowgli - Mowgli is advised by his animal friends to keep away from the banderlog as they are considered outcasts in the jungle. Mowgli is soon discovered by an explorer named Harrison, who works for a circus in America. Harrison is travelling with Chuchandra who owns a pet monkey named Timo. When Harrison attempts to kidnap the boy, he escapes and takes Timo with him. Mowgli and Timo share many adventures in the jungle. When Mowgli brings Timo home, the wolf pack look upon him as an outcast because they believe Timo is a relative of the banderlog. When Timo escapes, Mowgli and Baloo head off into the jungle to find him and soon realise he has been kidnapped by the banderlog. When they arrive at the Ancient City where the banderlog live, Baloo is trapped in a cage. Meanwhile, Harrison still intends to bring Mowgli to America because he believes Mowgli will be an excellent attraction. He seeks out a wealthy man named Buldeo - when Buldeo hears about the strange jungle boy Harrison had seen, he  believes that the boy is Mowgli, his nephew who went missing in the jungle after Shere Khan murdered his father. Buldeo realises that Mowgli will be able to deprive him of his brother's inheritance so becomes bent on killing him. He asks Karait to use his pet python Kaa to help them capture Mowgli. When they set into the jungle, the four men find Mowgli - Buldeo attempts to shoot him but fails. Karait sends Kaa to trap Mowgli and the men bring the boy to their camp. That night, Shere Khan enters the camp - he and Mowgli engage in a fight and Mowgli escapes. Buldeo finds Mowgli and tries to kill him but again fails when Harrison arrives. Mowgli is placed in a cage so he cannot escape. Baloo has escaped from the cage and arrives at the camp to free Mowgli. Mowgli and Baloo escape to the Ancient City. Here Mowgli finds Timo and also meets King Murphy who had sent the banderlog to kidnap him - Murphy offers to make Mowgli king of the jungle. The four men arrive at the city to search for Mowgli. Harrison finds him underground - when he tries to help him Buldeo attacks Harrison and causes him to injure his leg. He tries to shoot Mowgli but all of a sudden Bagheera, Baloo and the wolf pack scare him off and he hides in a cannon. Kaa the python helps Mowgli from underground. Timo and Chuchandra are also reunited. The banderlog then light the cannon, sending Buldeo into the other side of the jungle, where he is killed by Shere Khan. Harrison sees Mowgli bonding with his animal friends - he realises that the boy belongs in the jungle and allows Mowgli to run with the wolves.