In outer space, a United States-owned satellite blows up and one of the last remaining pieces, a beacon, is sent hurdling towards Earth where it lands in Australia, only to be swallowed by a crocodile. Back at the CIA, Agent Buckwhiler and Deputy Director Reynolds reveal that, in the wrong hands, the beacon can change the axis of power in the world, so they send two agents, Robert Wheeler and Vaughn Archer, down to Australia to retrieve the beacon. Department Director Ansell also secretly hires an operative of his own, Jo Buckley, to go and retrieve the beacon before Wheeler and Archer, so Ansell can take Reynolds' job. In Australia, the crocodile that swallowed the beacon lives in a river next to the house of Brozzie Drewitt, an obnoxious cattle station owner who is taking it in her own hands to kill the crocodile for preying on her cattle. Because of this, the Department of Fauna and Fisheries send one of its workers, Sam Flynn, to Drewitt's house. Sam attempts to convince Brozzie to hire some professionals to relocate the animal, instead of having her kill it, which is illegal. Despite Flynn's words, Brozzie attempts to kill the crocodile later that night, only to fail. Meanwhile, the Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin and his wife Terri are filming a documentary about the "less-lovable of Australia's wildlife" when they are hired to by Flynn to relocate the crocodile that has been bothering Brozzie. Steve successfully gets the crocodile in his boat. Wheeler and Archer are nearby using GPS technology to track the beacon. When the two agents see Steve and Terri zoom past them in their boat with the crocodile who swallowed the beacon on board, they are convinced that the Irwins have the beacon. They call up the CIA, who believe the Irwins plan to use the beacon to pay for a multi-million dollar expansion to Australia Zoo. Steve and Terri board up the crocodile in a crate and put it in the back of the truck to drive to a new river system. Wheeler and Archer follow them from behind in a Jeep, and when Wheeler hops on the top of the Irwins' truck, Steve believes them to be poachers who are after the crocodile. Steve climbs up on the roof and, after a brief fistfight, manages to knock Wheeler off the truck. When the Irwins reach the river, Steve opens the crocodile's crate and discovers that the crocodile had defecated. In the poop, Steve sees a shiny metal object  which he mistakes to be a misproperly discarded children's spinning top toy. Steve and Terri successfully get the crocodile in the river, but Wheeler and Archer show up again in a boat, determined to get the beacon. Jo Buckley shows up in an ultralight and throws sticks of dynamite down on Wheeler and Archer's boat, destroying it and knocking the two agents in the river. Steve believes that he and Terri are caught up in the middle of a "poacher war" and, not wanting the dynamite to hurt the newly relocated crocodile, gets a rope out of the boat and lassoes the aircraft, causing it to crash in the river and seemingly kill Buckley. It turns out Buckley did indeed survive and she swims to shore to inform Ansell via a phone call that she failed. Ansell informs Buckley that he is currently on the run from the CIA and the police for hiring her for the mission. He is successfully found by police, ending the phone call. Due to Wheeler and Archer's failure to retrieve the beacon, the CIA decides that it is time for drastic measures and they call up President George W. Bush in the White House to request permission to use military helicopters to fly to Australia and get the beacon. Steve is ending his documentary by throwing the beacon in the air, when the military helicopters arrive. Steve hands them the beacon revealing that the whole predicament was a misunderstanding, and, in return, the CIA send Wheeler and Archer to work at the zoo as volunteers. Brozzie herself becomes a volunteer as well, for the Department of Fauna and Fisheries.