The film opens with young Ritu  bringing her friend Jia  to spend the holidays with her at her home in Kerala. Ritu's parents Vijay  and Amrita  have a beautiful home surrounded by picture-perfect surroundings. Vijay is a photographer and Amrita is a homemaker. Jia's mother lives alone in Australia , and she studies in India. She is a free-spirited teenager with no attachments and no worries. She professes some affinity to Vijay, but it doesn't go much further than that. But Vijay's world is turned upside down when he takes pictures of Jia watering herself down with the garden hose. Something innocent grows into something bigger, and something bigger grows into something beyond control. Jia's world collides with Vijay's causing three casualties. Ritu witnesses an intimate moment between Vijay and Jia and tries to get Jia out of the house without revealing the truth to her mother but fails. Around this time, Amrita's brother Shridhar  visits them. Through a sequence of events, he uncovers the disturbing truth about Jia and Vijay. Shridhar questions Vijay and realises that things are serious between Jia and him. Vijay confesses his love for Jia to Amrita, leaving her shattered. Rishi , the unrequited lover of Jia, visits to surprise her on her birthday. Shridhar tells Vijay to objectively look at things and decide if he is right for Jia. Vijay realises that the relationship with Jia is not the best for her and tells her to leave. Jia is heartbroken, calls him a hypocrite, and leaves with Rishi. The family is still in pieces after Jia's departure: Ritu leaves for America, and Amrita is unable to forgive her husband. Vijay relives his moments with Jia all the time. He drives for hours and finally stands on top of rocks ready to jump. But then he remembers his moments with Jia and returns home. Shridhar asks Vijay where he had gone and Vijay tells him he had gone to die. The film ends with his conversation with Vijay saying that he is not scared of death. He says he has nothing left to live for, no wife, no daughter, no Jia. But he came back as he wants to live for a while with Jia's memory; that's all.