On an annual fishing trip, in isolated high country, Stewart , Carl ([[John Howard , Rocco  and Billy  find a girl's body in the river; she has been brutally murdered by Gregory , a local electrician. The girl turns out subsequently to be Aboriginal; it is not clear whether the men observe this. Stewart, who found her, is initially distraught, and his screams bring the other men, who are equally disturbed. It is too late in the day for them to hike back to the road and report their tragic find. They spend the night, but before they can hike out to get help the next morning, Stewart gets up early and goes fishing. He returns to camp holding a large fish he has caught up for the other men to see, and wordlessly the men decide to continue their fishing trip instead of hiking out to alert the authorities about the body. They secure the girl's body by the ankle to the riverbank, so she will not drift downstream and get lost in the rapids. While the men are gone, some of the men's wives  and Rocco's girlfriend , get together socially. During their conversation, Jude  reveals that their daughter died nearly two years ago, leaving them to raise their granddaughter. When Stewart's wife, Claire  remarks that she does not think Stewart would want more children, Jude reveals that Claire had a mental breakdown after her son was born and left the family for 18 months. The men return home late Sunday night. After reporting the body to the police, they each go to their respective homes. Stewart goes home to Claire and finds her sleeping on her stomach, reminiscent of the posture of the dead body. He talks to her briefly and initiates intimacy, which later causes problems when Claire finds out he left the girl's body to keep fishing. The next morning, the police show up at Claire and Stewart's house to ask Stewart to answer some more questions. The men gather in the police station, where the police officer expresses his disgust that they would "fish over a dead body" instead of reporting it as soon as they could. Claire is stunned that Stewart would do such a thing and keeps trying to understand his reasons for being so selfish. Because the girl was Aboriginal, some believe the men neglected the dead girl out of racism. All of the men's businesses are vandalised in retaliation by Aboriginals, with painted slurs branding them racists. Claire and Elissa  are the only ones of the group who express any remorse and condemnation for what happened. Jude repeatedly defends her husband Carl, Carl and Stewart defend their actions. Arguing that it "didn't make any difference to the dead girl; it's not like she had feelings any more," Carl epitomises the callousness with which the men treated the murdered girl. The more Claire pushes Stewart and the others to make amends, the angrier everyone becomes. Jude, Carl's wife, "just wants things to get back to normal again." Prior to the fishing trip, Claire had begun throwing up repeatedly from morning sickness, which she hid from everyone. With her marriage unravelling, and haunted by her post-post-partum breakdown and abandonment of her first child, she inquires of a medical professional about how to get an abortion. Despite encountering hostility from the rest of the group, Claire continues to try to reach out to the girl's family. She gathers donations to give to the girl's family for her funeral. Claire even goes to the family's home and is rebuked. She later returns to give them the money she has gathered. Increasingly incensed that Claire continues to make a big deal out of their mistakes, Stewart erupts in rage one evening when Claire asks him to talk about it. The two begin fighting physically, while slinging barbs at each other about their past mistakes. The next day, Claire goes to the memorial service. The rest of the men and their wives show up to pay their respects, too. When Stewart apologises on behalf of the men, the girl's father throws dirt on him, spits on the ground and walks away, but there are no further objections to their presence. Throughout the movie, the murdering electrician continuously pops up around the characters, and even attends the memorial service. He is never caught.