In post-World War II Germany, French Army Captain Henri Rochard  is given the task of recruiting a highly-skilled lens maker, Schindler . He is assigned American Lieutenant Catherine Gates  as his chauffeur, much to their mutual discomfort . The only available transportation is a motorcycle, which due to Army regulations, only Cathy is allowed to drive; Henri has to ride in the sidecar. After several mishaps, the constantly-quarreling couple arrive at their destination, Bad Nauheim. At the hotel, bothered by back pain, Cathy warily accepts Henri's offer of a back rub. When she falls asleep, he tries to leave her room, but discovers that the door handle has fallen off, trapping him inside. He spends an uncomfortable night in a chair. In the morning, Cathy refuses to believe his story. Unknown to him, the innkeeper's wife has replaced the knob, so, when he tries to demonstrate that the door will not open, it does. Eventually, the innkeeper's wife comes to the room  and explains everything to Cathy, but not before Henri falls off the ledge. Later, Henri goes undercover to search for Schindler, now working in the black market. He refuses to let Cathy help him and tells her that if she sees him to pretend she doesn't know him. The black market is raided by the authorities, and he is rounded up with the rest. When he asks Cathy to vouch for his identity, she obeys his earlier orders not to reveal that she knows him. While he is in jail, she finds Schindler, who is happy to leave Germany and ply his trade in France. Later, she apologizes to a furious Henri, and by the time they return to Heidelberg, they have fallen in love.{{cite web}} Red tape forces Cathy and Henri to get married in three different ceremonies, civil, Army and church. Before they can consummate the marriage, Cathy is given orders to report back to headquarters to be shipped back to the United States in the morning. They subsequently learn that the only way Henri can get a visa to emigrate with her is under the War Bride Act as the spouse of a member of the expeditionary forces. After many misunderstandings, he is granted permission to accompany her, but circumstances and Army regulations conspire to keep them from spending the night together. When they try to board the transport ship, U.S. Navy sailors do not believe that Henri is a war "bride." He is forced to dress as a female Army nurse to get aboard. The deception works, but once underway, his disguise is discovered, and he is arrested. Cathy manages to straighten out the situation, and they finally have some privacy - in the ship's brig.