Retired Commissioner Ashwini Kumar  is on a railway station to receive his teenager grandson Ravi . On being asked by his grandfather about his future plans, Ravi promptly replies that he wants to become a police officer and serve his country, just like his grandfather. Kumar tells him that the journey of a police personal life is fraught with many challenges and so he must reconsider his decision. Kumar starts by explaining his own story. Kumar goes in flashback, back to the days when he was an Inspector. Kumar had a happy family consisting, him his wife Sheetal  and son Vijay. Ashwini takes cudgels against a dreaded gangster named J.K. Verma . He arrests a key henchman of J.K. and is about to challenge J.K.'s supremacy. J.K. takes the matters in his hands and abducts Vijay. J.K. tries to strike a deal with Kumar: set his henchman free and he will spare Vijay's life. Kumar, an honest cop who will give any sacrifice tells J.K. on the phone that even if his only son is killed in the process, he will not betray the law. Unknown to him, an abducted Vijay is also listening to this conversation. He is shocked and pained to hear his father's words. At that time, K.D.Narang , another goon in J.K.'s gang, helps Vijay to escape after he has a fight with his boss. Soon the police find J.K.'s hideout where he hid Vijay, but Vijay is missing. J.K. and K.D. become sworn enemies. Vijay returns home, but his actions indicate that the damage has already been done. As Vijay grows, his hatred for his father grows too. A young Vijay  is an antithesis to his father, espousing every wrong thing his father dislikes. He finally has a fall-out with his father and leaves home. Vijay soon becomes a known name in the underworld. By chance or destiny, Vijay joins K.D., who has become a rival, an equal for J.K. Vijay gladly accepts to work with the man he perceives as the person to whom he owes his life. With K.D.'s help, Vijay starts climbing the crime ladder even faster. J.K. cannot help but notice that Kumar's son has become a notorious gangster, just as he cannot help noticing that the alliance of Vijay and K.D. has made his life of crime even harder. J.K. decides to remove his thorns before they suck the blood out of him and his business. Meanwhile, Vijay meets and falls in love with Roma Devi , a single woman. They start living together, without marriage. Sheetal tries to persuade her son to leave the path of wrong, but in vain. Later, Roma reveals to Vijay that she is pregnant with his child. Vijay decides to marry her. J.K. hires a sharpshooter to kill Kumar. Instead, Sheetal gets killed trying to shield her husband. Vijay is enraged and starts hunting for J.K.'s head. J.K. has already perceived this and made all arrangements to leave the country. K.D. too plans to leave the country with Vijay. K.D. convinces Vijay that if he kills J.K., the whole city's police will start hunting him and so he should get out of the country as fast as he can. Kumar has learnt about Roma and her pregnancy from Sheetal before her death. Kumar and his team learn of J.K. and K.D.'s plans. Vijay kills J.K.'s goons who try to kill him and ultimately succeeds in killing J.K. before he leaves the country. Meanwhile, Kumar succeeds in foiling K.D.'s attempt to flee the country. At this time, he learns that Vijay was going after JK. Kumar succeeds to track down Vijay, who has just killed JK. Kumar tries to stop him, but in vain. A teary-eyed Kumar lifts his pistol and pulls the trigger. Vijay falls down just before he can reach the plane stairs. Kumar rushes towards him and in a tearful conversation, Vijay realizes his mistake and asks forgiveness. Vijay dies in Kumar's arms. Kumar later takes Roma with him. Kumar cuts to the present and asks again to Ravi whether he wants to follow that dream. Ravi, on hearing the story, firmly says that his answer would still be "yes". Kumar and Roma give Ravi their blessings. Ravi takes a train and leaves, signifying that he would become an officer in the future.