 The story begins with Egghead  who is annoyed by a  shadowman in the audience who doesn't sit down. Egghead shoots the audience member and the member falls after going through extended "death throes". Egghead hears a call from the grass, and out comes Daffy Duck biting his nose  While fighting, a tortoise  comes and tries to give Daffy and Egghead new weapons. When the tortoise goes away, Egghead uses his real gun and Daffy tries to make him shoot the apple on his head. Egghead misses every time, so Daffy puts a blind sign, a cup of pencils, and disguise glasses on Egghead. . Daffy then walks away and sings his own viriation of The Merry-Go-Round Broke Down by himself five minutes into the cartoon, in a set-piece drawn in a different style from the rest of the cartoon, and also containing the subdued, early form of Daffy's lisp, which is absent in the rest of the film: : My name is Daffy Duck, : I worked on a Merry-Go-Round, : The job was swell : I did quite well : Till the Merry-go-round broke down. :  : The guy that worked with me, : Was a horse with a lavender eye, : Around in whirls, we winked at girls : Till the Merry-go-round broke down. :  : Up and down and round we sped, : That dizzy pace soon went to my head, : Now you know why I'm dizzy : And do the things I do : I am askew [or "a screw"] and you'd be too : If the Merry-go-round broke down. :  : If the Merry-go-round broooooooookkkkkkkkkkkeeeeeeeeeeee  down  Daffy then shakes hands with his reflection from the lake and they both dive back into the water. Later, Egghead finally manages to capture Daffy by shooting a pair of gloves from his gun, knocking Daffy out and allowing Egghead to place him in a net. Just as Egghead celebrates, a duck from the mental ward comes to claim Daffy. He thanks Egghead for helping to catch Daffy, and tells him that Daffy is 100% nuts. "Yeah?" Egghead asks, "Yeah!" answers the duck warden. At that moment, both he and Daffy beat Egghead up before woohoo-ing out into the distance. Egghead becomes fed up with the antics and decides to join them as the cartoon ends. A similar joke would end 1940's Knock Knock, the debut of Woody Woodpecker, a character whose early behavior was similar to the early Daffy, and likewise voiced by Mel Blanc, who was then working for Lantz as well as Warner/Schlesinger.