Set on an anonymous Greek island during the last year of the war, 1944, Allied POWs in a remote POW camp are forced to work for the Germans by digging up ancient Greek archaeological artifacts. The camp Commandant, Major Otto Hecht , was an Austrian antiques dealer before the war. Unknown to Hecht's superiors is the fact that he's withholding the more valuable finds for his own personal gain, and sending them to his sister living in Switzerland. Hecht is far from the dutiful army officer, the total opposite of the nearest town's Commandant, Gestapo Major Volkmann . Volkmann and his Lieutenants  rule the town's population with a sadistic grip, executing the innocent residents just as easily as enemy soldiers. The only opposition to the Germans is Zeno , a former Monk, and his few resistance fighters who use the local brothel as an undercover headquarters. Zeno, who is in contact with Allied Headquarters, is ordered to break the prisoners out of their camp to increase his numbers and therefore liberate the town from the Germans and also secure a U-Boat refuelling depot. Using two captured USO artists Charlie  and Dottie  to perform a concert as cover, the prisoners and Zeno's resistance take over the camp. With the choice of helping the resistance or being killed by Zeno, Hecht joins forces with the allies and helps them eradicate Volkmann's troops as well as capturing the fuel depot. With Volkmann dead and the Germans in town no longer a threat, Charlie asks Zeno to lead him and two other prisoners  up to the monastery on Mount Athena to steal Byzantine treasures being kept by the monks. Zeno agrees, to everyone's surprise, but insists they take weapons and explosives as there's a German garrison up there. In reality, Zeno has been ordered to destroy the garrison and its V-2 rockets that would be capable of hindering a proposed Allied invasion, and knows Charley wouldn't go if he knew of the Germans' presence. As Zeno completes his mission of destroying the Nazis' missile base, Charlie finds a set of plates, but not the plates he had expected to find, actually being a set of tin plates, adorned with Hitler's face. During the victory celebration in the village, Hecht, Charlie, and Dottie make plans to acquire more treasures, while Professor Blake  finds out, from one of the other monks, that the plates are safe, having hidden them in the brothel, which, in the final scene of the film, is displayed for all present day visitors to see in the front windows of the brothel.