 Jerry has enough of the country life and decides to leave to the city. He writes a goodbye letter to Tom saying he's off to see the city sights. In a series of antics in New York City, he gets stuck in gum on the floor of Grand Central, ends up as a makeshift shoe-polisher, admires the towering skyscrapers,and got scared when Jerry saw the statue and runs into the woman's green heeled shoes. He look straight up at her dress and walks under her shoes. As Jerry made it there, he sees a woman's large toe and polished toenail at the bottom of her shoe and he uses it as a mirror to make him look nice. He's done grooming, walks away and accidentally fell into a stream besides the sidewalk and floats away on a bottle cap. He admires beautiful girls with their pretty shoes on and Times Square before falling down the sewer, has a close shave with oncoming traffic, gets nauseated in an elevator, moves under the carpet to the Starlite Room and moves again where he bumps into a doorway, crawls to the other side and saw a woman in there scared, and naked as he moved back out all blushed on his face. He looked up the sign says Powder Room and runs to the Check Room near the Powder Room he passed. As he tries to fix the top hat he was on, it popped up fast squishing him and down again and he was bounced out of the room. After he fixes his hat, he saw the woman last time he sees when he was there coming out of the Powder Room as he leads her this way and he jumps on the back of the train dress behind her legs and took a ride. He almost fell down the drain and got knocked off by the plant handle in the way, get back up and follow the direction where she went so he could have fun with her shoes and go home with her but instead head towards the table and dangles precariously over the city on an ever-breaking candle. He also dances with several placecards . He ultimately loses his balance and gets stuck in a champagne bottle which pops him out of the building and fell all the way to the ground . He lands in a dark alley in a puddle, sneezes, and is heard and scared off by an alley full of vicious cats. He is then hurtled across the city on trash cans, one of which hits a fire hydrant, sending him flying through a jewelry shop window, after which he is shot at by the police. As Jerry escapes the city , he quickly races over the George Washington Bridge, empty highway, and railroad tracks back to the countryside, where he finds Tom still asleep . He tears his unread note and kisses Tom  before nailing a sign reading "Home Sweet Home" above his mousehole, entering afterwards.