While no cohesive plot is apparent from the vignette style of the trailer, it can be pieced together that Batman has been murdered, and his killer remains at large. Dick Grayson, long since retired from his superhero days and married with a child, decides to resume his crime-fighting days as Robin; the filmmakers noted that many people outside the comic book community are unfamiliar with Nightwing. Sabloff and Fiorella wanted to appeal to a wider audience."Batmania Revisited, Part 2: Robin Returns", TheComicBookBin.com, 2005-06-23. Retrieved on 2008-07-07. Commissioner Gordon is aware of Grayson's secret identity and assists him by supplying official documents. In addition, Gordon provides the voiceover narration at the beginning of the trailer. The head of the investigation into Batman's death, O'Hara, apparently also knows Grayson's identity  His role is suspicious since he strongly wants Grayson to not become involved, even to the point of aligning with Selina Kyle/Catwoman to eliminate Robin and shouting at reporter Clark Kent that he wants "him [presumably Grayson] out of the equation!" O'Hara is also seen rolling up his sleeves, preparing to assault an angry captive Gordon. The extent of O'Hara's apparent corruption is left unclear. * Grayson is aware of Superman's secret identity; he addresses him as "Clark". Superman apparently is also motivated  to discourage Grayson's return to crimefighting and three angry confrontations between the characters are shown, in and out of costume. Grayson is also angered to violence by the sight of a Superman comic-book, suggesting a strongly negative history between the two. Other comic books also appear of characters from the film, including Wonder Woman and Catwoman. Fiorella used his own comic book collection for this scene. * Longtime Batman villains the Penguin and the Riddler briefly appear, with a larger role taken by The Joker. A brief scene adapted from The Killing Joke appears, with Barbara Gordon crawling away from a door as the Joker breaks in. Afterwards, the Joker is seen walking through a park with the Graysons' daughter. * In three brief appearances, Wonder Woman is shown deflecting bullets from her bracelets, snaring Robin in her golden lasso, and mourning over what appears to be the body of Superman. * The Green Lantern  has a momentary appearance, standing next to a fallen Robin, though the context is unexplained. *All in all, the trailer suggests the Justice League wants to stop Grayson from clarifying Batman's death. It is not known if they are ordered by or affiliated with O'Hara. The filmmakers clarified that it was never their intention to portray the other superheroes as villains. They might be rather ordered to stop Dick because he is heading down a dangerous road.Schweier, Philip. "Batmania Revisited, Part 2: Robin Returns", TheComicBookBin.com, 2005-06-23. Retrieved on 2008-07-07. It is implied that Batman may not actually be dead and Fiorella's commentary on the "Behind the Scenes" video confirms that this ambiguity was his goal: "I wanted to make people wonder if in fact Batman had really been killed."