Set in Jewish ghetto of medieval Prague, the film begins with Rabbi Loew, the head of the city's Jewish community, reading the stars. Loew predicts disaster for his people and brings his assistant Famulus to inform the elders of the community. The next day the Holy Roman Emperor Luhois signs a royal decree declaring that the Jews must leave the city by the end of the month. Luhois sends the knight Florian to deliver the decree. Loew meanwhile begins to devise a way of defending the Jews. Upon arriving at the ghetto, the arrogant Florian falls in love with Miriam, Loew's daughter for whom Famulus shares affection. Loew talks Florian into reminding Luhois that it is he who predicts disasters and tells the horoscopes of the emperor, and requests an audience with him. Having courted with Miriam, Florian leaves. Loew begins to create a huge monster out of clay, the Golem, which he will bring to life to defend his people. Florian returns later with a request from Luhois for Loew to attend the Rose Festival at the palace. He shares a romantic moment with Miriam while Loew reveals to Famulus that he has secretly created the Golem, and requires his assistance to animate it. In an elaborate magical procedure, Loew and Famulus summon the demon Astaroth which is then enclosed in an amulet. The amulet it inserted into the Golem's chest and the creature comes to life. Famulus tames the Golem, and the Rabbi uses it as a household servant. When Loew is summoned to the palace for the festival, he brings the Golem with him to impress the audience. Florian meanwhile slips away from the court to meet Miriam, whose house is being guarded by Famulus under Loew's instruction. Back at the palace the court is both terrified and intrigued by the arrival of the Golem. Impressed, Luhois asks to see more supernatural feats by Loew. Loew projects a magical screen showing the history of the Jews, instructing his audience not to make a noise. Upon the arrival of Ahasuerus the wandering Jew, the court begins to laugh and the palace suddenly crumbles. As the building collapses around them, the Golem intervenes and props up the falling ceiling, saving the court. As a sign of gratitude Luhois pardons the Jews and allows them to stay in the city. Loew and the Golem return to the ghetto, spreading the news that the Jews are saved. Loew returns to his house and begins to notice erratic behaviour in the Golem. He reads that upcoming astrological movements will cause Astaroth to possess the Golem and attack its creators. Loew removes the amulet and is called down by Famulus to join in the celebrations in the street. As the community rejoices, Famulus goes to inform Miriam and bring her to the synagogue but finds her in bed with Florian. Devastated, Famulus reanimates the Golem and orders it to remove Florian from the building. But the Golem, now under Astaroth's influence, literally does so by throwing Florian from the roof of the house, killing him. Horrified, Famulus and Miriam flee, but the Golem sets fire to the building and Miriam falls unconscious. Famulus rushes to the synagogue to alert the praying Jews of the disaster, but upon their arrival at Loew's house they find that it is burning and both the Golem and Miriam are missing. Despaired, the community begs to Loew to save them from the rampaging Golem. Loew performs a spell that removes Astaroth from the Golem. Promptly the Golem, who is wandering the ghetto causing destruction, leaves Miriam, whom he has been dragging by the hair through the streets, lying on a stone surface and heads towards the ghetto gate. He breaks the gate open and sees a group of girls playing. They all flee except for one, whom he picks up, having developed a docile nature following the removal of Astaroth. Out of curiosity she removes the amulet from the Golem. It drops her and collapses. Loew meanwhile finds Miriam, who awakes shortly after. Happily reunited, they are awkwardly joined by Famulus, who informs him that the Jews are waiting for him by the gate. Loew having left, Famulus promises to Miriam that he will never tell anyone of her forbidden affair with Florian, and asks in return for forgiveness for his actions. The Jews meanwhile gather at the gate to find the dead Golem. Rejoicing and praying, they carry it back into the ghetto, the Star of David appearing on the screen as the film ends.