The movie is set around 1938. During an auction, Mr. Boormans is put into a psychiatric hospital after he bid 32000 Belgian francs for a wortheless piece of paper. Frans Laarmans visits the psychiatrists claiming Mr. Boormans is not crazy and there is a story behind the bid. It all started when Frans' mother died. The family Laarmans decided Frans must pay for the embalming of the corpse. As he does not have the money, he visits Mr. Boormans. He is the publisher of the famous "World Magazine for Finance, Trade, Industry, Art and Science" which is, as the name indicates, sold worldwide and translated into many languages. It is a reputable consumers' magazine comparing different companies of same branch. By coincidence Laarmans next edition is about funerals. Boormans agrees with the undertaker his company will be selected for that release. There are two conditions: besides the normal prints and distribution, the undertaker must order a large obliged amount for own purposes. Second, if the undertaker does not charge all costs to Frans, Boormans will also give a huge discount. The undertaker agrees. Boormans, looking for a new assistance, hires Frans and sends him out in search for new customers. Mrs Lauwereyssen, owner of a business in elevators, is interested. Besides the prints distributed by Boormans, she will order 100000 copies for own purposes. Frans finds out the "World Magazine" is a fraud. Only the obliged prints exist. The ones to be spreaded by Boormans are never made, but charged. The magazine neither have subscribers. It is just a very expensive advertising brochure using unproven figures and fake competitors. Only the information of the customer is "valid", although it is also based upon lies and twisted figures. It turns out Mrs Lauwereyssen only placed the order as her company is almost bankrupt. She now hopes to become an international awarded entrepreneur. The extra money she is about to earn will be used for an acute surgery on her infected leg. Laarmans gets pitty with Mrs Lauwereyssen and tries to convince her not to sign the contract or to reduce the amount of obliged prints in which he fails. Later on he talks with Boormans to undo the contract or to reduce the price. Boormans only agrees Mrs Lauwereyssen can pay the invoice on a 12 month credit. Eventually, Boormans decides Mrs Lauwereyssen does not need to pay the last fee. In meantime Mrs Lauwereyssen is aware she has been swindled. She is so upset she refuses not to pay last fee. Some time later, Boormans and Laarmans meet Mrs Lauwereyssen at the market. Her leg has been amputated. Boormans gets remorse and makes up some calculation error has been made and offers 32000 Belgian francs as a credit note. However, Mrs Lauwereyssen does not want to take the money. A dismayed Boormans decides to give the money to Mr Van Kamp, another ripped off customer of bedclothes, who is now in financial problems. Van Kamp also refuses. Boormans conscience is not yet salved and he opens a lawsuit to oblige Mrs Lauwereyssen to take the money. The judge classifies the case as there is no prove Mrs Lauwereyssen paid too much. Some time later the elevator company is bankrupt. Boormans and Laarmans attend an auction. Boormans, still having moral qualms, bids 32000 Belgian francs for a wortheless piece of paper. Laarmans resigns and starts a shop in cheese. He meets Mrs Lauwereyssen who forgives him as she should have known the magazine was a rip off. Furthermore, when she signed the contract her leg was not to be rescued anymore and an amputation was inevitable. The film ends when Laarmans meets Boormans in a museum. Boormans got the intention to talk the curator into taking 1.5 millions of copies for the next release of the "World Magazine".