The film picks up after the second films events and reveals Jake  has been placed in a mental asylum after the events of the second film under the care of Dr. Sullivan, his caretaker. One day, Dr. Sullivan leaves Jake locked in his room, as he tried to escape several times, and Jake begs Dr. Sullivan to stay and keep him company but leaves anyway and while alone in his room, Kayako grabs Jake and pushes him against the wall several times. Sullivan is quickly called by an officer, and she watches the footage, wondering what he is doing to himself . As they race to his room, they find him dead, with every bone broken in his body. The news of Jake's death reaches a young woman in Tokyo, Naoko. Naoko, who is the sister of Kayako, is mocked by her co-workers because of her sister. She finds the print paper  of Jake's death pasted on her monitor at her desk office, and believes her sister caused the death. She decides to go to the apartment building to stop the spread of the curse once and for all, and asks her husband Daisuke to travel to Chicago, who agrees. Meanwhile, the apartment building is in the middle of renovations in an effort to draw in new tenants. The landlord as specified in the movie is Max and his two sisters, Lisa, and 8-year old Rose, a woman named Renee along with her daughter Brenda, including an old woman artist named Gretchen, who are the few tenants who remained in the building. Max is on the verge of being fired from his job, while dealing with Rose's breathing condition and Lisa moving to New York with her boyfriend Andy. Lisa doesn't believe Rose when she tells her that she has seen a dead boy running around the building and Rose even left him a gift which is Mr. Potato Head, the toy then mysteriously disapears. Because of the Kimble family murders, an old woman named Renee moves out of the apartment with her frightened daughter Brenda though Max tries to convince her to stay, she insists on leaving, Mr. Praski who is Max's boss takes notice and threatens to fire Max but Max convinces him to give him another chance and even informs him of the new tenant moving in , meanwhile at their new home, Renee and Brenda are settling in to their new home and while Renee is unpacking, Brenda proceeds to take a bath, while she is bathing the evil spirit of Takeo Saeki drowns her in the bathtub, Renee soon walks in and discovers her daughter missing. Eventually, Naoko moves into the building, now sure that it contains the curse. Lisa finds Dr. Sullivan taking photos of Jake's old apartment. She explains that Jake has died and that he told her stories of a woman with long black hair and dead white skin, along with a little boy that killed the rest of his family, which she believes to be a fantasy Jake made up because he couldn't deal with the facts. She also mentions that he had hallucinations about her and the boy, but this time the hallucination broke every bone in his body. Lisa confirms that her sister has also seen the same little boy, making Dr. Sullivan finally believe that Jake's delusions were true. The next day, Dr. Sullivan leaves with Lisa after Jake's funeral and goes back to her office, where she tells her a story about the Saeki family, the family Jake described in his  hallucinations. Back in the apartment Gretchen is seen painting a portrait of Rose in her room with classical music on, and while washing her paintbrushes in her sink she hears a noise in her room and encounters a can of red paint spilled on the floor and Gretchen's painting shredded up, she picks up the portrait and it quickly flashes Kayako's face, Gretchen drops it in horror and the red paint starts to make handprints and Kayako crawls out of another painting and crawls over to Gretchen who is backing up in horror and eventually gouges out her eyes and rips off her jaw. Meanwhile, while walking in the park Naoko explains her and Kayako's life story to Lisa and tells her that the curse now resides in the apartment and she tries to convince Lisa and Rose to participate in an exorcism to rid the building of the evil spirits. Lisa initially refuses to cooperate, being worried about Rose and herself, and leaves Naoko in the park. Meanwhile Max discovers the corpse of Gretchen in her room after seeing black paint leaking from her room and Lisa, Rose, and Naoko arrive just as the paramedics arrive to take Gretchen's corpse. In the mental institution Sullivan is researching the Saeki murders and notices Toshio in the camera, she goes to investigate and after giving up encounters Kayako, she attempts to escape her, opening doors of the hospital with her key card, and finally reaches one which oddly, does not open, as Kayako gets closer Sullivan yells out to a janitor on the other side but he does not hear her and Kayako finally kills her by breaking her neck with blood splattering over the door window. Lisa and Andy are later seen talking in a diner with Lisa saying that she no longer wanting to move as she knows that her family needs her, with Andy thinking that she is just too worried about the deaths in the apartment to which he shows very little concern about and with him thinking that she is just anxious to leave. After returning to the apartment Lisa and Andy find Rose alone in her room with Lisa angry that Max left her alone, afterwards Andy leaves Lisa to take care of Rose and while in the hallway sees Toshio run up some stairs and eventually follows him to the Kimble's original room, the lights oddly don't turn on and as he attempts to leave Kayako claims him with the door shutting to her Death Rattle. In the meanwhile Max is seen working and is confronted by Mr. Praski, because of Gretchen's death he mentions that Max is fired as he no longer sees him as a responsible landlord, out of anger Max shoves him into a pile of bricks and Mr. Praski eventually leaves, after getting into his car he realizes it won't start and goes outside to try and fix it, the car refuses to start again and he begins to hear Toshio's meow over the radio and he looks to his side and sees Toshio who then kills him in his car. Lisa soon realizes that her brother Max is possessed by the spirit of Takeo Saeki, the evil husband of Kayako and the source of the Grudge, and in the end she agrees to go along with the ritual and banish the evil. During the ceremony, Naoko warns that it must not be interrupted or the curse will continue. She begins the ceremony and tells Rose that she must drink Kayako's blood to contain the curse. Lisa is afraid and tells Naoko that she will not allow Rose to do this. Unfortunately, the ceremony is interrupted when Takeo, as Max, realizes what Naoko is attempting to accomplish. Using Max, Takeo chases Naoko through the building, breaking her leg by smashing her knee with a pipe, and finally stabbing her in the throat, simultaneously breaking her neck and killing her. At the same time, Lisa is chased by Kayako and trapped in the bathroom, where she discovers Andy. As she holds the lifeless corpse, it turns into Kayako and she is backed against the wall. Rose hears her sister's screams, and just as Kayako is about to kill Lisa, Rose drinks Kayako's blood, causing Kayako's curse to disappear. Lisa rushes to her sister's aid bringing her back to their apartment to give her oxygen. Max - who has been exorcized of Takeo's evil possession upon Kayako's banishment - stares in horror at the body of Naoko and starts to sob at what he did. He is then attacked by Naoko's ghost as her murder has caused a new curse to begin. Naoko kills him by biting out his throat. After hearing his screams, Lisa discovers his body and calls the police. In the final scene, the corpses are brought out of the apartment building in body bags while Lisa and Rose sit in the emergency vehicle. Rose asks Lisa if they will be safe and Lisa assures her that they will be, embracing her. As the camera moves, we discover that Lisa is now hugging Kayako, who is now trapped within Rose's body. She stares at the camera, croaking, and the film ends.