At the start of the movie, they show a search for David, Eve and Raymond's previous adoptive child. They are running, with Raymond yelling for David, then unknown to the viewer as to who he was, and ending with Eve crying, screaming for David. The film tells the story of Abby  and Ethan Snow , who lose their parents in a tragic accident and are adopted by Eve  and Raymond Goode ; two seemingly-ideal parents who have recently lost a child of their own, David. But after they move into the Goode's isolated Spanish style mansion, they are forbidden to leave or make phone calls. Abby notices a lot of strange things; there is a bed in the basement with the name 'David' carved into it and many places they can't go into, like the previous child's room. Ethan gets his own room with a bathroom close to the master bedroom, but Abby gets a bedroom far away, up in the tower of the house. Ethan soon becomes almost deathly ill; and Abby discovers that Eve is poisoning him, and that Eve has done the same to previous foster children who died in her care. Abby makes an attempt to escape, but Eve catches her and locks her in the attic. Their parents' friend Ben Koch  comes over to the house to take the kids to Six Flags, but Raymond tells him that Eve took them to a kids' art exhibition. After a walk through the house, Ben becomes suspicious. Abby manages to escape through a formerly concealed window in the attic. After realizing that Abby had escaped from confinement, Eve then began to pursue her through the house carrying a meat cleaver. During this time the phone rings and Eve and Abby both race to answer it. Eve gets it first and the person on the other line hangs up. It is revealed that it was Ben, seeing if they really were gone. After Abby tries to get away in the car again, she is stopped by Raymond, who Abby knocks out with a wrench. Ben then goes into the house, but is ambushed by Eve, who injects a sedative into his neck. Eve continues to pursue Abby and eventually catches her. She holds her over a railing, but Abby retaliates; kicking her down the stairs. Eve falls to the bottom and it's shown that she is presumably dead. Abby races to find Ethan, who was left in a bathtub by Eve, and is unable to move. With the bathtub filling, Abby pulls Ethan from the bathtub just in time to save his life. Shortly after rescuing Ethan, Eve returns; standing behind Abby with a cleaver. She is just about to kill Abby when Ben enters with a gun. A shot is fired and Eve is killed. It is then revealed that Raymond fired the gun that killed his wife. Raymond is arrested. Ethan is taken to hospital, and the movie ends with Abby sitting with Ben in the ambulance, they exchange a look, and the movie ends. Abby and Ethan presumably end up with Ben.