Carl , Ed , Frank , Carl , and Patti McTeague  are the greedy relatives of a wealthy, wheelchair-bound scrap-metal tycoon Uncle Joe McTeague . They continually suck up to him and try to outdo each other in order to inherit his millions for when he passes away. With their attempts constantly failing and irritable Uncle Joe showing a decided interest in his new sexy "nurse" Molly , Frank decides to hire a private detective named Laura  to bring in his brother Daniel  believing if they can make up, Uncle Joe will thaw towards them. Instead of finding Daniel, Laura finds his son Danny  of whom Uncle Joe had always been especially fond when he was a little kid. Professional bowler Danny left the family with his father, but he accepts the cousins' invitation to return — after rolling a gutter ball in a big tournament and finding out that he has a pre-arthritic condition developing in his wrist. Danny's television sports producer girlfriend Robin  encourages him to ask Uncle Joe for a loan to invest in a bowling alley. A typically rude and crude Joe says he will lend the money only if Danny sides with him against his own father. Danny is offended and leaves with his girlfriend, much to the annoyance of the other relatives. They confront Molly later on and she realizes just how conniving and desperate they are for Uncle Joe's money. Uncle Joe asks Danny to visit him at his scrapyard, to apologize for trying to bribe him with money, but the old man soon receives a phone call telling him that he's going out of business. Realizing that his relatives could declare him incompetent and throw him in a retirement home, he tells Danny that he plans to hand his fortune over to Molly. But Danny realizes how much he'd like to inherit his fortune and tells him not to rush into anything. Danny moves in with Uncle Joe and starts competing for his money, even so far as to sing a Jimmy Durante song with him that Joe loved him to perform as a little kid. But Molly has other ideas and decides to use her "assets" to outdo Danny and have sex with the old man, if only to keep the relatives from getting his money. But after her successful attempt to get Joe in the bedroom, they are interrupted by Danny's father Daniel and he and Danny engage in an heated argument, in which Danny chooses Uncle Joe over him. Molly feels disgusted with herself for almost having sex with Joe and tells Danny she has to leave, but not before Danny promises to look after Joe. However, Danny tells Robin that he'd actually hired an actor  to play his "so-called" father, to win favor with his Uncle, and she feels he's become too greedy and leaves him. At Joe's attorney's office, Danny is ready to inherit Joe's fortune when his relatives arrive with his real father. Danny admits to him that he's become as bad as the rest of the family. But it soon becomes apparent that Uncle Joe is not only bankrupt, he is swimming in debt. After a big scene that involves Frank fighting Danny, the relatives leave and Joe tells Danny that he was simply "playing them" to find out who actually loved him. Danny tells him "nobody loves you." Danny leaves to make up with Robin where he has a message written out during a game saying "He was broke," but she makes him realize that he still cares about his uncle. When Danny asks Douglas where Uncle Joe is, Douglas states that he doesn't know. With ill health, no money and no place to stay, Danny and Robin decide to let Joe stay with them in their apartment. But Joe gives them another surprise, and reveals that he's not really broke and still has a fortune as he has them look outside to find Molly and Douglas outside. He offers the two of them to stay with him "Whatever I own, you own". The film ends with Uncle Joe calmly getting up out of his wheelchair and exiting their apartment whilst Danny and Robin watch in awe.