Two days after the events of the first film, a traumatized and blood-covered Sarah  escapes the cave with no memory of the events that occurred within it. She is taken to a hospital, where it is revealed some of the blood on her matches that of Juno Kaplan . Sheriff Vaines  demands that along with his deputy Elen Rios , Sarah and three specialists – Dan , Greg  and Cath  – must go back into the cave to find the missing women. A new entrance is found with the help of a sniffer dog. The team members are sent down via an old mine shaft operated by the old, mysterious Ed Oswald . Upon passing through the abandoned mine and into the caves, the group discovers the mutilated body of Rebecca, causing Sarah to have short flashbacks of the crawlers. Further on, whilst crawling through a narrow tunnel in the caves, Sarah has a longer flashback of the previous events, and in a nervous panic, attacks Vaines, Greg and Elen and runs off deeper into the caves. Vaines pursues Sarah but eventually runs into a crawler and fires a shot that causes part of the cave to collapse, separating Cath from the rest of the group and trapping her within a rock choke. Elen, Dan and Greg arrive in a room full of bones where they find the video camera used by Holly in the first film. They watch the playback, which reveals the women were attacked by the cave dwelling 'crawlers'. Then, the three are attacked by a group of crawlers and separated. The trio split, and Elen starts calling for help, alerting the crawlers to her location, but is stopped by Sarah, who warns Elen that the crawlers are blind and hunt via sound. The two then watch as a crawler attacks and kills Dan, ripping his throat open and dragging him away. Later, Cath escapes from the rock choke and kills a crawler in the process, before running into a frightened Greg. The two climb away from a crawler and use their radio to divert the pursuing crawler away from them. They travel deeper into the cave and find Sam hanging lifelessly above the chasm where she was killed in the first film. They decide to try to use her to swing across the chasm, but are both attacked by crawlers. Greg falls into the chasm, whilst tackling a female crawler, and although Cath makes it to the other side, she is attacked and killed once she gets there. Elen and Sarah wander deeper into the cave, and kill another crawler. Elen reveals she has a daughter by recording a video message on her cell phone in case she dies. Thinking of her own daughter, Elen's words to hers make Sarah even more determined to escape. Vaines is wandering around the cave and is about to be killed by a crawler before he is saved by Juno, who is revealed to be alive, though somewhat disturbed, and adept at hunting the crawlers. Elen and Sarah crawl through a tunnel and, escaping a crawler, fall into a communal defecation grounds pool. A fight ensues between Elen, Sarah, and a crawler with the two teaming up in order to kill it. Later, all four meet up again. Juno, furious that Sarah left her behind, immediately engages in a fight with her. After the short scrap, they all decide it is best they work together to survive and escape. Juno leads them off into the feeding pit, which she claims has a passage to the surface that the crawlers use to gather food from above the ground. Vaines handcuffs Sarah to him so she cannot leave them to die like she did to Juno. As they progress, Vaines falls over a ledge, almost taking Sarah with him, however she begs Juno to help her, which ends up in Juno ordering Elen to cut off Vaines' hand to save Sarah from falling as well. At the film's climax, Elen, Sarah and Juno reach the exit, but are blocked by a small group of crawlers. As they try to tip-toe around the crawlers, Juno is grabbed by a dying Greg, causing her to scream in surprise, gaining the attention of four crawlers. Greg promptly dies and the women are left to fight off the crawlers. The battle is tough, but Elen, Sarah and Juno kill a crawler each. After that, Sarah sees that Juno is losing the battle to a crawler much larger than the others so attempts to strangle it from behind. Tensing up, the crawler rips into Juno's stomach, mortally wounding her. She and Sarah finish it off before Juno dies in Sarah's arms. Full of guilt and despair, Sarah tearfully closes Juno's eyes and places her necklace in her hand with the words "Love Each Day" engraved on the metal. As Sarah mourns for Juno's loss, Elen turns around to leave, but finds them surrounded by a large group of crawlers. With nothing left to lose, Sarah, in a noble act of self-sacrifice, screams, drawing the attention of every crawler, allowing Elen a chance to escape. Elen bursts through the exit of the cave, exactly how Sarah did when she originally escaped, and is about to call for help using her cell phone, before she is attacked by Ed, who hits her in the face with a shovel and drags her back to the entrance as food for the crawlers. As Elen regains consciousness from the hit, a bloodied crawler jumps out of the entrance as the movie ends and presumably takes her back into the cave.