Durga  is a beautiful blind woman with a talent for shaping pottery. She is poor and lives with her widowed mother in a simple home. She crosses paths with Dev  who saves her life when she is about to fall over a cliff. The pair spend time together and fall in love. At one point Durga creates a clay bust of her Dev but weeps because she cannot see it. Dev tells her that he will find a way to help her see again. When Durga's mother is killed due to the actions of another suitor, Dev comforts her and promises to marry her so that he can take care of her. He then takes her to a hospital where she will have surgery to regain her sight. While she is recovering  Dev leaves the hospital to prepare their new home. The jealous suitor steps in and apparently kills Dev. Upon receiving the news, Durga becomes depressed. Dr. Prasad, who performed the surgery, takes her in as his own adopted daughter. As part of his plan to help her recover, he takes her to Switzerland. There she meets Sanjay , who falls in love with her. He, too, is grieving a dead friend and recognizes that Durga is also lonely. Through persistence and kindness, Durga finally accepts Sanjay's marriage proposal. Unknown to both, Durga's first love and Sanjay's dead friend are the same man. On the day of their engagement, Sanjay is told that Dev is alive and in a reclusive hospital where he has been in a coma for months. Sanjay is reunited with Dev, and they return to the house in time for the engagement celebrations. Dev is shocked to discover that Sanjay's fiancee is Durga but doesn't tell anyone. Sanjay introduces Dev to Durga formally, and Dev does not say anything. By chance, Durga overhears Dev speak and immediately recognizes his voice. Later Durga confronts him, wanting to be sure whether Dev is her lover or not. Rohit denies it repeatedly, but Durga is not concended. She calls Dr. Prasad, as he had met Dev before Durga underwent surgery. The doctor tells her that Dev is not her lover, but it later turns out that the doctor was following Dev's instructions to lie to her. Durga finally accepts it and does not question Dev anymore. One night, when the lights go out in Sanjay's home, Durga and Dev accidentally bump into each other. In the dark, Durga's hand goes up to feel Dev's face, which she feels is familiar. Dev flees, and Durga decides to re-create a bust of her lover by memory alone. Durga shapes the clay bust blindfolded and, when it's completed, she looks at it and realizes that Dev is her lover. Dev confronts her, asking her whether it would be right to destroy Sanjay's happiness after all that he has been through. Durga reluctantly agrees that she cannot leave Sanjay, and they decide to keep the secret. On the day of the wedding ceremony, Sanjay publicly confronts the pair, apparently in anger. He accuses Dev of trying to steal Durga away from him. Dev quietly accepts the accusation. However, Durga cannot remain silent and speaks up for her lover, explaining the truth of their past. It is then revealed that Sanjay's angry behaviour was a ruse to make them reveal the truth. He gladly steps aside to reunite the lovers, sharing their happiness as his own.