2:37 is a complex tale narrated by six high school students whose lives are interwoven; each of whom has their own personal problems and goals. The story takes place during a normal school day where, at precisely 2:37, a student's suicide will occur. As the story unfolds, the individual stories are revealed leading to one of the characters taking their own life. The film begins with a student hearing noises of someone falling within a disabled bathroom. A nearby teacher is alerted, who calls for the janitor to open the door. Worry escalates when the teacher realises that blood is running from under the door. Marcus is the first character to be introduced, an intelligent student who aspires to please his parents, particularly his father. He hopes to one day be successful like his father. Marcus is a skilled classical musician. Melody, his sister, is an attractive girl with evident symptoms of depression. Melody, unlike her brother, is never supported by her parents and has a broken relationship with her father. Luke is an attractive, athletic sport man who aspires to be a premier league soccer player. He is popular at school, though he does not perform well academically. Luke has an addiction to pornography. Luke’s girlfriend is Sarah, who is madly in love with Luke. Sarah is attractive, although she struggles with an eating disorder. Luke has a close relationship with Melody, with whom he grew up. Sean is a drug addict and social outcast, mostly as a result of him being homosexual. Sean is teased by other students, particularly by Luke and his friends. The last character introduced is Steven. Steven is a soccer fanatic and recently moved to Australia from England. Steven has one leg longer than the other, causing him to have an obvious limp; he was also born with two urethras, often resulting in him wetting himself. As they arrive to school Melody meets Luke, and Marcus goes to the music room where he begins playing classical music. He is joined by his friend Kelly, who congratulates him on a well written creative story he wrote in English. After Kelly inquires into the story, Marcus abruptly leaves. As the story unfolds, Luke is shown bullying other students or discussing sexual fantasies with his friends. Melody shies away from personal questions about her family, Sarah discusses how madly in love she is with her friend, Steven is forced to change his pants after wetting himself in class, Sean is gravely frustrated with anti-accepting views towards homosexuality, and it is evident that his sexuality is not a secret and Marcus is confronted by his English teacher about some disturbing content of his English story. The story continues with Melody who is taking a pregnancy test in the bathroom, which reveals to be positive. As she exits the stall, Sarah, who was in the bathroom throwing up, sees she is holding the pregnancy test and assumes that Luke has slept around, and blames Melody. Sarah tells her friends about what she saw. Meanwhile Luke is playing soccer and Steven is watching from afar describing his dreams about being a soccer player. Marcus receives his results for chemistry  and is very upset because he didn’t achieve his desired 90%. Marcus is infuriated after he confronts his teacher about this, who explains that there is nothing she can do. Luke takes to the showers, where he is uneasy as he thinks back to the pornography he watched before school. Meanwhile, Steven wets his pants again and, because he had only one set of spare clothing, he waits it out in a stall for the stain to dry. Sean sees the school counsellor and shares his parents’ unhappiness about his sexual orientation. After the session, Sean sits in the janitor’s room smoking weed; meanwhile, Luke has sex with Sarah. While in the bathroom, Luke is confronted by Sean about why he doesn’t speak to him in public. It is revealed that Sean and Luke have sexually experimented and that the porn Luke was looking at was in fact gay porn. Sean kisses Luke who kisses him back, before he gets angry with himself and yells at Sean. Sean is angry with Luke for not coming out and storms out. The event is overheard by Steven, who is in the stall; out of a fit of rage Luke smashes a bathroom door, sees Steven and punches him in the nose and threatens him if he mentions anything. While exiting the bathroom with a bloody nose, Steven is comforted by Kelly who offers him a tissue to clean up the blood. Meanwhile in the library, in order to find out more information, one of Sarah’s friends approaches Marcus and ‘lets it slip’ that his sister is pregnant. Marcus is furious, and it is then revealed in a flashback that Marcus raped his sister while his parents were away. Marcus storms out searching for Melody. When he finds her, he yells and shoves her when he finds out that the news he was told is true. Kelly witnesses Marcus yelling at his sister. The story then follows Kelly into the bathroom where it is revealed that it was she who committed suicide. She slits her wrist with a pair of scissors and sits sobbing in her blood until she dies. The dramatic scene ends with each of the characters commenting on Kelly. Luke says “sometimes we get wrapped up in our own problems that we don’t notice others”. Sean contemplates the afterlife; Sarah is upset that the last time she spoke to Kelly was 10 years ago. Steven says that he will miss her because she was his friend; Melody notes that Kelly was lucky for having left this world; and Marcus, who it seems was very close friends with Kelly, is frustrated that she didn’t mention anything. For the first time, Kelly gives a narration and describes how cute her nephew is and how he can make animal noises.