This film is about the issues like male chauvinist protagonism, extramarital affairs, and spousal abuse. It is about a woman trying to find a separate identity outside her marriage. It is 1997. Malhar Kamat , an old musician and music teacher, is dying. He prepares his will where he leaves his entire jaydad  &mdash; comprising a haveli , {{convert}} of land, 1400&nbsp;grams gold and about 8 lakh rupees &mdash; to Aditi Shrikant Pandit ([[Tabu . Upon his death two years later, the will is delivered to Aditi. When the will reaches Aditi in Pune, she is in the midst of an impromptu lunch party occasioned by the arrival of Dr. Ravi Bapat  and his wife Meghna . Ravi is a very close friend of Aditi's husband, Shrikant Pandit . Aditi's son Aniket  introduces his girlfriend and would-be wife Revati . Shrikant opens the certified letter package with the will even though it is addressed to Aditi, much to Meghna's chagrin and Ravi's surprise. Shrikant is intrigued and decides to consult his daily diaries where he has chronicled the events of his daily life. Shrikant realizes that he overlooked certain things anybody else could have easily noticed. He understands that 25 years ago Aditi could not have possibly been pregnant, at least not from him. He shows her the diary, confronts her with the facts and demands explanation. In a flashback Shrikant is an up-and-coming star at a firm, seeking to break out onto his own. His work keeps him traveling almost constantly. This leaves his newlywed wife Aditi lonely and frustrated. When she asks him to let her work someplace , he takes it as an insult and rebuffs her saying no woman in his family has ever worked outside the home and that he earns enough for them to live comfortably. He suggests  that she take up music. The music teacher is Malhar Kamat. Shrikant continues his unending travels all over the world, although he makes it clear to Malhar that music will not be anything more than a hobby for Aditi. Aditi's sister Sudha  and her husband come to live with Aditi. Their constant lovemaking further deepens Aditi's feelings of yearning and abandonment. And one spring afternoon, as Malhar breaks into his new ghazal in the rain, Aditi's resolve is broken under the influence of the season. Malhar returns a couple of days later, and Aditi asks him to leave. Aditi has missed a period. Sudha learns this and advises her to do something. When Shrikant returns, Aditi breaks down and tries to tell him the truth about her pregnancy. But Shrikant is doubly elated, having won the first major contract for his own firm and, hearing of his imminent fatherhood, and breaks out into celebrations without letting Aditi complete her story. As the story comes back to present time, Shrikant punishes Aditi by making her tell the truth in front of Aniket, Ravi and Meghna. Meghna loathes Shrikant, since she suffered spousal abuse from her drunkard husband before divorcing him and marrying Ravi. Aniket is disgusted with his mother after knowing the truth of his existence. Shrikant decides that he will live with Aditi, but any spousal relationship between them will not exist. After Revati knows the truth, she breaks the engagement, not because of the truth, but because she realizes that Aniket is no different than the man whom he considered his father till now. Meghna decides to take Aditi to Goa with her, but Aditi declines. She walks out of the house with Revati. The movie ends with Revati and Aditi walking out the house and on the road, whilst Shri and Aniket stand in the doorway, watching them go. The denouement captures the essence of astitva.{{cite web}}