Jeff Sanders  leads a double-life: by day, he is a simple, unassuming construction worker, and by night, an expert Kenpo student and master of his craft. When Jeff lost his mother as a teenager, he became an outcast and frequently lashed out at his family and society in an attempt to assuage his anger. His father, Captain Sanders , gained the idea from a mutual friend, Kim ([[Mako , to enroll Jeff in a Kenpo school to better manage his rage and feelings. But one day, he got into a fight with a bully who beat up his younger brother, and severely injured him with his martial arts. Displeased with his lack of self-control, Jeff's father forced him to move out of home. Jeff, now estranged from his family and living alone, continued with his courses in Kenpo and eventually gained Kim as a mentor and father figure. Years later  Jeff decides to return to his old neighborhood and visit his mentor Kim. It becomes clear quite quickly that Kim is having trouble with local Korean mafia families, due to his refusal to pay them off and use his antique store to peddle drugs. Jeff helps out Kim by beating up the people who attacked his store, but only ends up doing more harm than good to Kim's reputation with the mafia, and this ultimately ends up having Kim murdered by an anonymous hit-man, Tanaka . Jeff vows to avenge Kim's death, and uses all his resources and fighting skills to go against the mafia and find out who ordered Kim's murder. He remembers a boy named Jimmy  who lived with Kim, and tries to find him to ask if he knows about the murder. However, Jeff's estranged younger brother Adam , now also a cop, is investigating the case, and warns Jeff against trying to settle matters in his own hands. In his hunt to avenge Kim's murder, Jeff is approached by a mafia boss named Yung  who claims to be Kim's friend and knew of a possible lead to Kim's killer. Jeff is directed to Sam, one of the mafia bosses in Korea town, who was believed to be the one who ordered Kim's death. However, upon breaking into Sam's residence and attempting to kill him, Jimmy appears to reveals that Sam was Kim's friend and was the one who took Jimmy for protection. Jimmy also explains that Yung is the one responsible for Kim's death, and he was merely attempting to use Jeff as a weapon to kill his rival boss Sam. Jeff now plans for killing Yung, but Jimmy warns him that Yung is always protected by his hit-man Tanaka. In order to eliminate Tanaka, Jeff asks Jimmy to testify the night of Kim's death to Adam, so that Adam can arrest Tanaka for his murder, allowing him to personally kill Yung. Adam and the police eventually capture Tanaka after a long car chase, but to Jeff's dismay Yung was not in the car with him. Tanaka later manages to escape from the police by severely injuring Adam and breaking out of the police car. Jimmy overhears that Yung plans to escape the country by boat, and notifies Jeff. Now further fuelled for vengeance, Jeff sets out to attack Yung's drug factory, using his martial art skills and various weapons to defeat guards and hitmen protecting Yung. He eventually subdues Yung, but is attacked by Tanaka. Although Tanaka gains the upper hand during their fight, Jeff manages to kill Tanaka by setting fire to a gas tank he was standing next to. Despite initially wanting to kill Yung, in the end Jeff decides to capture him alive and turns Yung in to his father, Captain Sanders. The film ends with Jeff entering the kenpo dojo to visit his former master.