The Afghan kingdom of Baharistan is ruled by a just and kind Sultan Ali Rizwan Mohhamad Dokeer Khan . All is well in the land except that the Sultan seemingly can't have children. An evil devil-worshipping Vazir  seeks to usurp the throne, revive his fauladi shaitan , and take over the world. The Vazir instructs his maids to strangle every child born to the Sultan. Finally, however, a spark of divine intervention  renders the next newborn son immune to the poisons and strangulations administered by the maids. This Shehezada  eventually becomes Ajooba . The Sultan and his wife Malika  kick off celebrations throughout the land. The good court magician Ameer Baba , recently returned from his travels to the "land of Hind" , presents a magic sword to the Sultan. The Sultan thrusts it into a pillar , and Ameer Baba pronounces that it may be drawn out of the stone again only by a member of the royal family . Soon after, the Sultan privately discusses "traitors" with Ameer Baba. The Vazir overhears, eventually tricks Ameer Baba, steals his Necklace of Immortality, throws him into the dungeons, attempts to murder the Sultan and his family and takeover the throne. The Sultan escapes with his wife and child. After a pitched battle involving magic carpets and storms and ships, the Sultan is missing, Malika is blinded, and the young Shehzada is washed ashore by a dolphin  to a blacksmith. This blacksmith adopts the kid, trains him in all the worldly and martial arts, and thus creates Ajooba. In the meantime, the Vazir blames Ameer Baba for the Sultan's murder, takes over the throne, and begins ravaging the land, always uttering his slogan Shaitan Zindabaad . Ajooba is a masked rider in black  who thwarts the Vazir's lackeys as they pillage the lands and harass the citizens. His plain self is Ali, an ordinary restaurateur, and his chum is Hasan . Together they foil the Vazir's evil schemes, raid his caravans, and woo their girls. Ajooba, as Ali, falls for Rukhsana , while Hasan's affections are for the Vazir's Shehzadi Henna . Ajooba inflicts constant pain upon the Vazir. The Vazir eventually raises his fauladi shaitan and plans an all-out attack. The Raja of Hind  brings his forces to aid Ajooba. The resulting war brings all the central characters together. Several questions are essentially resolved in the ensuing war. The climax is a panorama of demons, magical horses and donkeys, a full-scale combat between the Vazir's army and the Hind army, enchanted swords, and a final revelation about the true identity of Ajooba.