Growing up in Hastings, Minnesota, young David Leary  was constantly bullied by Roscoe Bigger , nicknamed "Fang" because of a pointed tooth. David is ecstatic when his parents announce they're moving to Oakland. Before leaving, David squeals on Fang for stealing a moon rock being shown at their school. As the Learys leave town, Fang is arrested. 30 years later, David  is divorced and raising his troubled son Ben  as a single parent. Not having much success as a writer, David's old school offers him a job teaching creative writing. Things go well at first, meeting some "too friendly" neighbors Art and Betty Lundstrum , and rekindling a relationship with his old flame Victoria . He also encounters the school librarian Mrs. Rumpert  who is still waiting for David to return Green Eggs and Ham to the library. After Ben begins picking on a little kid named Kirby , David meets the boy's father Ross Bigger ([[Tom Arnold  when both of them are called to the office of Principal Kokelar  revolving around both their sons' actions. Despite a friendly first meeting, David soon discovers that the mild-mannered shop teacher is his old enemy "Fang". Following a fire drill, David meets with his old friend Ulf  who is a firefighter. When meeting with Ulf, Alan , and Gerry  at a bar, David learns from them that after Ross got out of juvenile hall, Ross' parent's skipped town which eventually led to him growing up in an orphanage. When Ross learns who David is, he reembarks on his old routine as revenge for putting him in juvenile hall. Ross drops his mild-mannered attitude and begins taking charge in his classroom and his own home. In a twist of irony, David's son begins bullying the old bully's son. Although after a discussion with Ben, they become fast friends. Ross begins to intimidate him more and more until David becomes paranoid, and begins freaking out another teacher named Clark  who thinks he is on crack. David gets to his last straw after Ross humiliates him in front of Victoria at the prom. When David brings Ross' actions to Principal Kokelar after a recent pranking, David is told by Principal Kokelar that Ross has been a teacher longer than David has and even states that he had gotten some complaints from Clark about David and that if David can't straighten up his act, he will get another teacher to cover for him for the remainder of the school semester. The only comment that David could make was that he was the town hero. Later that night, David decides to end it once and for all. After a game of cat-and-mouse in the school after hours , David flees to his hiding place he used when he was a child which was a cave. Ross chases him onto a waterfall and tells David that he always thought of him as a friend, before an enraged Ross attacks him. David hits him with a piece of driftwood causing Ross to fall into the river. Fearing that he has killed his enemy, David tries to turn himself over to the police only to find that the cops are out. Ulf drives David to his home while he tries to find Ross' body. After a talk with Art, David attempts to go to sleep only to discover Ross alive and well. The two men fight once again until Kirby and Ben come in and reveal that they've made up and encourage their fathers do the same. During this, Ross reveals he stole the moon rock because he wanted to be an astronaut. It was also shown that during their recent fight, Ross' "fang" was chipped. With nothing left for him in Hastings, David begins to pack up and move to New York. He has Victoria return Green Eggs and Ham to the school library for him. Ross arrives and as a goodbye present for David, Ross gives him an Evel Knievel action figure identical to the one David had as a child before Ross threw it into a river. David tells them to visit whenever, and the changed family leaves. Ross hooks up his mobile home to his truck, and follows David telling his family that they have been "invited" to come to New York.