 Two years ago, Box Network executives canceled Planet Express's contract. Those executives have been fired, so Planet Express is back "on the air". They throw a party to celebrate, during which Hermes is decapitated and his body crushed during a limbo accident, prompting LaBarbara to leave him. His head is placed in a jar while his body is repaired. The man who performs the procedure, Lars, takes a liking to Leela. Leela reciprocates, much to Fry's annoyance. During a delivery to a nude beach planet, Bender discovers a tattoo of himself on Fry's buttocks. A trio of scammer aliens dupe the crew into signing petitions and providing their e-mail addresses. When the crew returns to Earth, the scammers begin spamming them. After they respond, Bender is infected with an obedience virus and Professor Farnsworth is tricked into signing over his business. By a process known as "sprunjing," the scammers detect Fry's tattoo, which contains the code for paradox-correcting time travel. Nibbler reveals himself and explains that using the code could destroy the universe, but the scammers ignore him.  Since the code only allows travel into the past, the scammers have Bender steal valuable objects from Earth's past and pass the time in a cave beneath Planet Express. Hermes has Bender obtain an earlier version of his body in order to save his marriage. The Professor discovers that duplicates created via time-travel paradoxes, including Hermes' new body, are doomed. Meanwhile, Leela and Lars date, depressing Fry. After Bender steals all of history's treasures, the scammers decide to destroy the time code by erasing it from Bender's memory and killing Fry. Fry uses the code to escape to January 1, 2000, the day he was frozen. Bender is sent to kill him, arrives in the cryogenics lab and creates a duplicate of himself when he needs to use the bathroom. Another duplicate appears and claims he is from "way at the end". He opens the tube that the frozen Fry is in and puts a rub-on tattoo with the time-travel code on his butt. The duplicate, not wanting to kill Fry, fights his programming, initiating a self-destruct sequence. Fry shoves the Bender duplicate in a cryo-tube and sets it for 1,000,000 years. The original Bender spends the next twelve years hunting Fry, then destroys Fry's apartment when Fry walks inside. Bender reports his success, and the scammers erase the time code and the obedience virus. During a memorial in his honor, Fry shows up. He explains that he created a duplicate of himself; his duplicate confronted the Bender duplicate and remained in the past while he accidentally fell into his own cryo-tube. When Fry  awoke in the tube 1,000 years later, the present Fry froze himself until the current year. Flashbacks show the duplicate Fry staying in the 21st century, spending the twelve years before Bender's attack working at an aquarium, caring for an orphaned narwhal named Leelu. Nibbler destroys the time code tattoo to keep the scammers from further abusing it. Everyone lives in poverty thanks to the scammers, while Leela and Lars decide to marry. A chain reaction at the wedding leads to Hermes being decapitated again and his body being crushed by a chandelier. When Farnsworth explains that Hermes's duplicate body was doomed, Lars becomes agitated and cancels the wedding. The scammers trick Earth President Richard Nixon into selling Earth to them, and everyone leaves the planet. To reclaim Earth, the population assembles a fleet on Neptune with the aid of Robot Santa, Kwanzaabot, and the Chanukah Zombie. With his bureaucratic brain wired into the battle computer, Hermes leads Earth to victory over the scammers' fleet after both Leela and Zapp fail, and wins back his wife. The scammers threaten the crew with a doomsday device Bender stole for them earlier, but do not realize that Bender had previously stolen the device back for himself. Leela fires the device at the scammers' ship, destroying it. Everyone returns to Earth to celebrate the New Year. Bender is commended for his deeds and Hermes is returned to his original body. After failing to entice a heartbroken Leela, Fry decides to do what he feels is best for her and arranges a reunion with Lars at the cryogenic lab. Having survived the doomsday blast, Nudar, the lead scammer, ambushes them. Nudar claims that the time-travel code still exists on Lars. Lars tricks Nudar into approaching the cryo-tube with the Bender duplicate on auto-destruct and holds Nudar against the Bender time–duplicate, who explodes, killing the three of them. The explosion singes off some of Lars' clothing, revealing the time code tattoo. A flashback reveals that Lars was actually Fry's time-travel duplicate; after releasing Leelu into the Arctic wild, he returned to his apartment and survived Bender's attack in 2012; the fire and smoke changed his appearance and voice. Realizing he was Lars, the duplicate Fry froze himself to return to the future and be with Leela. Learning that time travel duplicates were doomed, he canceled the wedding to spare Leela the pain of his inevitable death. Leela forgives “Lars” and kisses Fry. Bender removes Lars's tattoo and travels into the past to place it on Fry while he was originally frozen in order for the events which have transpired to make "any sense at all." Bender then meets many of his duplicates from his stealing sprees, and invites them to emerge with him all at once instead of when they were supposed to give their artifacts to the scammers. Terrified of the paradoxical consequences, Nibbler urges everyone to evacuate the universe before swallowing himself. The Bender duplicates explode and cause a tear in the fabric of space.The tear leads to events shown in Futurama: The Beast with a Billion Backs.