It is 1940. When the movie begins, film star Viviane Denvert sits in the audience of a premiere of her new movie and notices a man who keeps staring at her. She is disturbed, and when the film is over and the audience has finished praising her, she rushes home, discovering that she is pursued by that same man. He chases her into her apartment. An hour later, Frédéric Auger, a young writer, receives a call from Viviane, who was his childhood crush. Viviane, who has long used Frédéric's devotion, asks him to come to her apartment immediately. Upon arriving, he discovers a corpse, "accidentally" killed, which Viviane asks him to dispose of, claiming that the man had been harassing her and when she slapped him, he had fallen over the edge of the balcony. He agrees to help her and the two pack the corpse into the trunk of his car; however, as it is raining, he accidentally drives into a curb and hits a police signalling device . The trunk opens upon impact, revealing the dead body to the arriving police and so, Frederic is arrested and sent to prison. On the eve of the German occupation of Paris, all of the city's citizens evacuate, including the prisoners. Prisoners are paired up with another and hand cuffed together. Frédéric and his cellmate Raoul take advantage of the confusion to escape. Frédéric then takes the train to Bordeaux, where he learns that Viviane is. It so happens that Raoul is also on the train and he leads Frederic to a seat near another girl, Camille. Camille turns out to be a student of a physics professor; the two of them are guarding French stocks of heavy water that they must ship to England before the Germans can get their hands on it and create an atomic bomb. The remainder of the film traces the confused adventures of the characters as they evade the Germans and seek rest and companionship. "Bon Voyage" takes on the challenge of the dire topic of war and situates a charming group of characters across France's occupation as a backdrop, and the intertwined relationships and various coincidences with the characters make the film very entertaining. As some decide to stay in France and make good of the German occupation, others go underground or decide to escape to London. In a very short scene, a quite recognizable General Charles de Gaulle is told "Bon voyage" by one of his aides. As Frédéric becomes involved in the French Résistance, he eventually falls for Camille. At the end of the film, Frederic returns from England to meet with Camille at an outdoor cafe. When Germans recognize them, the couple flees and sneak into a movie theatre. When Frederic sees one of their pursuers enter the theater and search for their faces, he turns and kisses Camille. They stop once their pursuer leaves. Frederic looks up at the screen and is surprised to see Viviane singing and dancing, signifying that she has once again risen as a movie star. However, Frederic turns to Camille, and they resume kissing as the film comes to a close.