The hour-long film's plot centers around a magical world inside of a coloring book. Two children named Scott and Laurie are happily coloring one day when their old basset hound Barney bothers them. They decide to go outside and play, but Barney stays behind. In doing so, he notices that a colorful stick inside of the book's pages is spinning. Then, a rainbow shoots from the paper, and Barney vanishes! Hoping to find him, the kids go back inside. They cannot see him in the real world, but notice a dog that looks exactly like him in the coloring book. Realizing that, somehow, the dog is Barney, they are teleported into the book as well! They instantly find themselves in a world where balloons grow on trees and rocks smile. As they explore, they overhear strange whistling sounds and singing in the distance. The sounds are coming from the Spurdlegurgles, who wear yellow. After they sing their songs about being happy, they march away, leaving the children to meet a woman named Sillywhim. She, who gets her name from her free spirit , explains that she used her magic to bring them into Sillyville. When asked why, she explains a problem. It seems that, at some time in the recent past, the various groups that live throughout Sillyville decided to stop liking each other. Each group has its own unique color, and based their dislike on that fact. In a reflection of their discord and lack of beauty, Sillywhim's bright colorful clothing has faded into a depressing monochrome. Now, she wants to have her old friends back, and implores the children to help. They, being nice, agree. To aid them in their quest, Sillywhim must turn them invisible, as their multi-hued clothing would offend other groups. She then leads them through the magical world of Sillyville, introducing them to the "colorful" characters who populate it. First, the trio enters Sillyville Square, where they discover the harmonizing Twirlypops, all in blue. After helping them solve the dilemma of the line "begin again" in Michael Finnigan, Sillywhim asks if they want to come to the pond. They disagree, saying that there is "too much green" down there-and sure enough, the next group is the green-wearing Jingleheimers, along with the Fruggy Frogs. After having fun with them, Sillywhim gets the same response that the Twirlypops gave her. Hoping to find some refuge at the house of the red Bittybooties, the gang travels there. They are a large family, and entertain Sillywhim with their songs as well, but they, too, are prejudiced against other colors. Now depressed, Sillywhim does not know where to turn. The children try to think of a way to bring everyone together unknowingly. A party is suggested, but when Sillywhim tries the idea on the Spurdlegurgles, they balk. The children inspire her not to give up, and they decide to seek the aid of the purple wearing Pasha, a wise woman who is not affected by the color divisions. They go there, and meet with her various strange friends: the Wump, the Twiddle Birds, and the Roly Polies. While the children  enjoy the visit, Sillywhim ends up depressed again. Pasha tells her that she will have to bring the people of Sillyville together again to restore their friendship. After wandering through all of Sillyville, they are at a loss. Finally, in the Town Square, Sillywhim believes she has a wonderful idea, but before she can say it, she takes a bad fall and injures her ankle. She is unable to move, and the children, visible but willing to help their friend cry for help. All of the groups in Sillyville hear their cry, and rush to her aid. Pasha offers her diagnosis: the ankle is not broken, but must be wrapped. Not having any bandages, the people of Sillyville remove bows, handkerchiefs, ribbons, and scarfs from their own bodies and turn them into a makeshift cast. It alleviates Sillywhim's pain, but everyone also comments on how wonderful the colors look together. Then, slowly, they realize that they, too, make a wonderful rainbow by working and being together. In a flash of light, Sillywhim's colors are restored! The group realizes that fighting over the colors that they wear is a "silly" thing to do, and the children point out that Sillyville could not even exist without unity. Singing songs of reconciliation and joy, the groups hug and reunite. As they make amends, the world glows, and the children are transported out of the coloring book. They wonder if the adventure even happened, but when Barney reappears carrying a rainbow-colored stick, they smile and know the truth. The credits roll over coloring book images of the people in Sillyville living happily ever after together.