The story begins with Larry and Bob The Tomato up on the countertop. Larry mentions that he got an e-mail from a kid from New Jersey about a problem with lying and that he has a story that may help. The episode begins with Percy and his brother Lil Pea, walking away from a movie theater and seeing what appears to be a comet. Jimmy and Jerry Gourd despite at first complaining that they spent two years in their alien job just watching the screen for aliens but seeing nothing, then alert Larry-Boy with "The Larry-Signal" of an approaching alien and he begins to search for the fib but gives up after a night of searching despite his butler Alfred pleading him to continue searching; when seeing no evidence around the city of anything from space...however the alien lands in the neighborhood that Larry-Boy passes by in his car. The scene then shifts to Junior Asparagus and Laura Carrot having a tea party. Seeing they don't have enough plates for their toy teddy bear Mr. Snuggly, Junior decides to take his father's prized "Art Bigoti" bowling plate. After Junior ends up accidentally breaking it, Laura decides to flee to her home. The alien "Fibrillus Minimus"  emerges and convinces Junior to lie to his dad claiming "A little fib will not hurt anybody". Junior lies to his dad but however soon discovers that every time he lies to his friends about breaking the plate his "Little fib" grows larger. He and fib go downtown where the victims of his lies  confront him in an angry mob but when Junior tells a lie about alien cows coming to earth and breaking the plate, just before Percy can angrily finish telling Junior that his lie was the same plot-line of the movie he watched in the beginning, Fib grows into a 50 foot tall monster and captures Junior before destructing parts of Bumblyburg into shatters and forcing the citizens to jump or hide to avoid being killed by the fib's actions. Larry-Boy is summoned and pursues Fib and Junior in his Larrymobile as Fib tries to escape by climbing to the top of the watertower. Larry-Boy flies his car in the sky and jumps into Fib's hand but learns that the Fib cannot be stopped by him after he has been captured. Fib smugly tells Junior that he an alien form of the lie he told about the plate and that he grew because of the lying before he tries to eat Larry-Boy but Alfred the scientist gathering scientific research informs Larry that Junior can stop the Fib. Junior admits the truth to his parents watching the chaos and the Fib shrinks into nothing before spitting out Larry Boy. Junior apologizes to his father and his parents decide that they will skip the punishment just this once because of his day with the Fib and they reconcile...however as a pun joke in the ending Larry-Boy is summoned for another Fib landing in the city from space which is red instead of blue. Back on the countertop, Larry-Boy pairs with Bob in closing the show with the verse "And you shall know the truth, and the truth shall set you free." . Finally, Larry announces the world premiere of his music video, the Larry-Boy theme song, which plays right before the credits.