In the town of Derry, Maine, six-year old Georgie Denbrough is lured to a storm drain when his paper boat drops down into it. He encounters a seemingly friendly clown who calls himself "Pennywise the Dancing Clown." Pennywise tempts Georgie closer with promises of candy and balloons, exclaiming that they all float down into the sewer. He says that Georgie can float too  before revealing his true nature, grabbing him and viciously tearing his right arm off. His older brother Bill is overwhelmed with guilt for inadvertently sending Georgie to his death and is terrorized when his picture comes to life, giving him a stutter from the trauma. He befriends several similar "misfits." One is Ben Hanscom, a loyal, determined, overweight and ingenious builder from a home broken after the death of his military father. He is terrorized by visions of his father trying to goad him into the sewer plant. Another is Eddie Kaspbrack, a hypochondriac, asthmatic boy who is frail and shy. Kaspbrack is taunted and harassed by Pennywise , while attempting to shower at school. The group later includes Beverly Marsh, a tomboy with an abusive father and a dead eye with a slingshot. She believes Bill's stories when her bathroom is destroyed by a geyser of blood that he helps clean up before her father gets home. Richie Toizer is a comedic red head who isn't afraid to stand up to the school bully, Henry Bowers, and his friends. He is a movie buff, which prompts Pennywise to attack him as the Wolfman. Mike Hanlon, an African American student facing a difficult time in the newly integrated school, often finds himself in the crosshairs of the racist Henry Bowers as well. A photography book comes to life showing him and the others Pennywise's history as he threatens the group. There is also Stan Uris, a Jewish boy scout and bird watcher, who is the last to see It that summer when he is trapped by a mummy in an abandoned house. As each of them face their greatest fears , they vow to avenge the deaths of Georgie and every other child killed by "It." They travel into the sewers followed by Henry, who is intent on murdering them for humiliating him. But instead, he witnesses the death of his best friend Belch in a manner that turns his hair completely white. Pennywise attempts to attack the children by separating them, but Eddie manages to wound him and Beverly drives him back by striking him with a silver slug made from one of Ben's silver dollars. Their job done, the seven vow to return some day if ever It returns. Meanwhile, Henry is arrested and sentenced to life in an asylum for confessing to the counts of murder of all the children.  Mike had become the only member of the Losers Club to remain in Derry after the events of the 1960s. His memory of the events are still completely intact, and when he hears of the mysterious, unexplained death of a little girl , he begins to suspect It has returned. He calls up each of his friends, who have all become successful in their own right. Bill has become a horror novel writer married to a beautiful actress named Audra; Ben has become a famous architect as he'd always wanted; Beverly has become a fashion designer; and Richie has become a late night TV comedian. Eddie owns a successful limousine service and Stan has become a real estate broker. Having moved on into comfortable lives and having barely a glimmer of the memories of that summer, they are all traumatized by the memories awakened by Mike's phone calls. While they agreed to return as promised, Stan is unable to cope with the fear and kills himself. Upon the return to Derry, their reunion is lighthearted until terrifying events unfold that test their resolve. Beverly encounters a kindly old woman in her old home who tells her that her father is gone, but the woman is more than she appears. Ben sees the skeleton of his father, which is still trying to get him to return to the sewers; later, the group's reunion dinner comes to life and tries to attack them. Pennywise, unable to kill them because his influence over them as adults is limited, sends Henry to do the job. Bowers manages to attack Mike and wound him, which forces Bill and others to consider another direct confrontation with the clown. Meanwhile, Audra follows Bill to Derry but falls under the influence of It's "Dead Lights" and is made catatonic by him. As the five remaining "Losers" find their way to It's cave they are confronted by his true form; a massive, hideous spider-like creature that mortally wounds Eddie when he steps forward to save Ben and Bill's lives. Once again, Beverly is able to use her slingshot on the creature; this time the strike rings true and mortally wounds It. In their rage, Ben, Bill and Beverly slaughter and dismember it; they return to Eddie, who dies in their arms. They are able to leave, taking Eddie's body and the catatonic Audra with them. In the aftermath, Mike marks his own fading memories of the past as a sign that It was truly destroyed that time, and the adult Losers Club can return to their lives as the memory of the traumatic events fades entirely. Beverly and Ben solidify their childhood crushes and get together, while Audra, still catatonic from her encounter, is coaxed back to life aboard Bill's old bicycle "Silver" when he takes her to outrun It's fading influence. All as it was, they realize that they can now move on with their lives and leave Derry behind.