Major Cleve "Iceman" Saville  is a veteran World War II fighter ace eager to fly an F-86 Sabre fighter in the Korean War. His commanding officer, Colonel "Dutch" Imil ([[Richard Egan , assigns him command of a flight. Among his pilots is a new replacement, talented, but brash Lieutenant Ed Pell . After he abandons his element leader, Lieutenant Corona , during combat to down an enemy fighter, Corona's aircraft is shot up; he is killed while trying to land. As a result, Saville wants Pell assigned to someone else, but Imil overrules him; Pell was top of his class in flight school and Imil sees him as a younger version of Saville. If anyone can get Pell to grow up, it is the major. Another pilot under Saville's command, Lieutenant Carl Abbott , poses a different kind of problem. He lacks confidence in his abilities; his worried wife Kristina  asks Saville to watch over him. Saville falls in love with her, and vice versa. Aware of the situation, Abbott offers Saville a deal: his wife in return for the opportunity to go one-on-one with "Casey Jones" , the most feared enemy ace, whose MiG-15 is marked with "7-11", if they should run into him. A disgusted Saville turns him down. Nevertheless, on a mission soon afterwards, Abbott tangles with Casey Jones and is quickly shot down far behind enemy lines. In an ensuing dogfight, Saville downs Casey Jones and, resisting the temptation to abandon the wounded Abbott, spots his parachute and ditches his aircraft nearby, disobeying standing orders. Pell strafes the North Korean infantrymen closing in and is shot down himself. The trio then make their way back to safety. Along the way, they are assisted by a friendly Korean farmer  and his family. When a North Korean patrol happens by, the Americans hide, but in their haste, a jacket is left behind. As a result, the family members are executed, but Saville and Pell avenge them. Afterward, Abbott is to be transferred back to the U.S. to recuperate. His brush with death has changed his priorities; he remorsefully asks Kristina for another chance. She decides to go with him.