After Amar Shah's accidental death in India, Canada-based Shah Industries is on the verge of collapse. Pia, Amar's fiance, is devastated; Girdhari, his dad, has become numb from shock; and Amar's sister and grandmother are in mourning and attempt to live day by day. Months after Amar's death, a young man, Shekhar Malhotra, enters the lives of the Shah family, introduces himself, and offers to re-build and restore Shah Industries without any compensation. He is given the chance and goes about the uphill task of making the company viable again. Gradually, Shekhar heals the gaping wound left in the Shah family by Amar's death and they come to accept him as one of the family. Also, Shekhar falls in love with Pia. What people don't know &mdash; except for Bosco, Shekhar's friend in Canada &mdash; is that it was Shekhar's jeep that accidentally had hit Amar, causing his death. Ridden by guilt, Shekhar has come to Canada to confess his crime, ask for forgiveness, and do what he can do for the family. Abhigyan is a wealthy Canadian industrialist who meets Pia and realizes that she is the right woman for him. Abhi is considering proposing to Pia and helping to rebuild Shah Industries to its golden past. But Pia has fallen in love with Shekhar. Eventually, a conflict arises between Pia and Shekhar regarding a proposition made by Abhi to take over Shah Industries. Shekhar realizes that Pia does not need his help any more and decides to go back to India. Pia stops Shekhar while he boards his flight and confesses her feelings for him. Shekhar denies his feelings and boards the plane. Devastated, Pia goes home and gets engaged to Abhi. At the airport arrives inspector D'mello , who came from India in search of the person who killed Amar, and arrests Shekhar. They wait, with Bosco, at a pub to board the next flight to India. Shekhar calls Pia and tells her how much he loves her and unveils that it was he who hit her fiance and that he came to Canada to confess. Being drunk, Shekhar meets with an accident. Here, Amar's family make Pia realise how much Shekhar has done for the family and that he is like Amar to them. Abhi tells Pia to go back to Shekhar as he is her true love. D'mello, in hospital with everyone, understands that the family needs Shekhar and simply cancels the case and leaves. The movie ends with Shekhar recovering and the love birds being united.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0290326/synopsis