{{Plot}} When Catherine of Aragon is blamed for England's failure to produce a male heir to the throne, Thomas Howard, the Duke of Norfolk and his brother in law Thomas Boleyn plan to install Thomas's daughter Anne Boleyn in the court of Henry VIII of England. Howard and Boleyn hope Anne will become the King's mistress and mother of his son, to the disgust of her mother, Lady Elizabeth Boleyn, Countess of Wiltshire and Ormond . Anne eventually concurs to please her father and uncle. Anne's younger sister, Mary, marries William Carey, even though his family had asked for Anne's hand. While visiting the Boleyn estate, Henry is injured in a hunting accident, indirectly caused by Anne, and is nursed by Mary. While in her care, Henry becomes smitten with her and he invites her to court. With great reluctance, Mary and William agree, knowing what will be expected of her. Mary and Anne become ladies-in-waiting to Queen Catherine and Henry sends William away on an assignment. Separated from her husband, Mary finds herself falling in love with Henry. Rebellious Anne secretly marries the nobleman Henry Percy, who was engaged to Mary Talbot. Anne confides in her brother George, who is overjoyed and tells Mary. Fearing Anne will ruin her reputation by marrying without the king's consent, Mary alerts her father and uncle. They confront Anne, the marriage is annulled and she is exiled to France. Despite the scandal, the family's fortunes seem secure when Mary becomes pregnant. They receive a number of new grants and estates, so their debts are paid and Henry arranges for George to marry Jane Parker, but he despises her. When Mary nearly suffers a miscarriage, she is confined to bed until her child is born. Norfolk recalls Anne to England to keep Henry's attention from wandering to another rival. In her belief that Mary exiled her to increase her own status, Anne plans her revenge. Anne successfully campaigns to win Henry over. But she exacts this promise just after Mary gives birth to the much-anticipated son, Little Henry, making her victory hollow. Henry then has Mary sent to the country at Anne's request and shortly after her return, Mary is widowed. Anne encourages Henry to break from the Roman Catholic Church when the Pope refuses to annul his marriage to Queen Catherine, despite Henry's insistence that her marriage to his older brother was consummated. Henry succumbs to Anne's demands, declares himself Supreme Head of the Church of England, and gets Thomas Wolsey to annul his marriage to Catherine. Anne's schemes drive Henry to breaking point and in a fit of rage, he rapes her. Hurt and confused by the attack, a pregnant Anne must go through with the unhappy marriage to please her family and become the new Queen of England. Mary and Anne are reconciled and Mary stays with her sister at court. Despite the birth of a healthy daughter, Elizabeth, Henry angrily blames Anne for his failure to create a son. He begins courting Jane Seymour in secret, which doesn't help Anne's slowly crumbling psyche. After she suffers the miscarriage of a son, Anne begs George to commit incest with her to replace the child she lost, because if anyone found out about the miscarriage, she would be burned as a witch. George agrees, despite Mary's disapproval, knowing that it is Anne's only hope. He cannot go through with it, and they stop before anything happens. However, George's neglected wife Jane witnesses enough of their encounter to become suspicious. She reports what she has seen and both Anne and George are arrested. Despite the lack of evidence, the two are found guilty and sentenced to death for treason, adultery and incest. George is executed in front of a horrified Thomas. Distraught by news, Elizabeth Boleyn disowns her husband and brother, vowing never to forgive them for what their greed did to her children. Mary returns to court to plead for her siblings' lives. Believing that Henry will spare her sister, she leaves to see Anne right before the scheduled execution. The two sisters embrace and reconcile with one another and Anne asks Mary to take care of Elizabeth if anything should happen to her. Mary watches from the crowd as Anne makes her final speech, waiting for the execution to be cancelled as Henry promised. A letter from Henry is given to Mary, which reveals he has decided not to stop the execution and save Anne, and she is beheaded. The closing captions reveal that Thomas Boleyn died two years after the executions, disgraced and alone. Elizabeth Boleyn died a year after her husband while The Duke of Norfolk was later imprisoned in the Tower. The next three generations of his family – son, grandson and great-grandson – were all executed for treason. True to her word, Elizabeth Boleyn never saw or spoke to her husband and brother again. Henry's break from the Roman Catholic Church changed the face of England forever. Meanwhile, Mary married William Stafford and lived happily with him and their children away from the royal court for the rest of her life. Henry should not have been concerned about leaving England with a strong heir because, in fact, he had one: “an heir who would rule England for forty-five years and transform it into one of the most powerful nations in Europe. However, it was not the son he desired, but the strong red-haired girl Anne gave him: Elizabeth”.