After meeting on a flight to Sydney, ex-football star Mike Gambril and singer Terry McKay, each of whom is engaged to be married to someone else. During the trip the plane has to make an emergency landing and all the passengers have to wait until a piece of equipment is delivered so the plane can be fixed. Mike and Terry visit his elderly aunt Ginny  and during that time they both see each other with new eyes and fall in love. When they reach New York City they agree to reunite at the top of the Empire State Building in three months' time, although it is "not the tallest building" in the world anymore, they cannot miss it. On the day of their rendezvous, Terry, in her haste to reach the Empire State Building, is struck down by a car while crossing a street. Gravely injured, she is rushed to the hospital. Meanwhile Mike, waiting for her at the observation deck at the top of the building, is unaware of the accident and, after many hours, finally concedes at midnight that she will not arrive, believing that she has rejected him. After the accident Terry, now unable to walk, refuses to contact Mike, wanting to conceal her disability. Instead, she finds work as a music teacher. Six months after the accident, she sees Mike with his former fiancée at the ballet, which she herself is attending with her former boyfriend. Mike does not notice her condition because she is seated and only says hello as he passes her. Mike finally learns Terry's address and, on Christmas Eve, makes a surprise visit to her. Although he steers the conversation to make her explain her actions, Terry merely dodges the subject, never leaving the couch on which she sits. As he is leaving Mike mentions a painting that he had done of her which had that afternoon been given away to a woman who liked it. He is about to say that the woman was in a wheelchair when he pauses suddenly, realizing the position Terry is in. He walks into her bedroom and sees his painting hanging on the wall. His expression changes. He now knows why she did not keep their appointment. The film ends with the two in a tight embrace, realizing the truth.