While Practical Pig is hard at work building a new anti-Wolf contraption, this time a lie detector , his two brothers Fiddler and Fifer Pig go swimming  despite their brother's warning not to go . Oblivious to the danger around them, they are soon captured by the Big Bad Wolf, who disguises himself as a voluptuous mermaid to entice the two hapless porkers and then catching them in a net. While the Wolf plans to entrap Practical Pig as well using a fake letter requesting help by his brothers, the Three Little Wolves, who were told by their father that they don't eat until he captured Practical, try to eat one of Fifer's legs as a sandwich but the Wolf, seeing what his sons are doing, promptly blows the little wolves down. They then lie that they'll wait until the Wolf returns with Practical. But as soon as he leaves, they prepare to make Fiddler & Fifer into a pork pie . Practical sees right through the Wolf's messenger boy disguise  and sees an excellent chance to try out his new invention. The welcome mat drops in beneath the Wolf's feet, and he falls, screaming, into the pit below. He is next seen strapped into a chair in Practical's house, helpless against the technology of the resourceful. When interrogated by Practical about the whereabouts of his brothers, the Wolf lies , and the machine goes into action. The Wolf's words are played back on a phonograph, and bulbs light up while an alarm bell sounds. Steam is pumped out, chemicals bubble and churn, electricity sizzles, and finally an indicator on the wall with a needle points to "LIE" and two whistles blow. The Wolf gets his mouth washed out with soap by a scrubbing brush. The second time he lies , the chair he is sitting in spins around, his pants are pulled down by a hook and he is given a spanking. The third time, the Wolf tries to fool the machine into thinking he and Practical are "pals" , but the lie detector sees through the ruse and the Wolf ends up getting the works . Meanwhile, at the wolves' hideout, the Three Little Wolves are about to bake Fifer & Fiddler in the finished pork pie. The two pigs remind them of the Wolf's warning , of which the young wolves dismiss. But one of the wolves says that they forgot the pepper and add it onto the pigs. The lid unexpectedly comes off however and the pepper gets everywhere, causing the inevitable result of explosive sneezing from the pigs, such that it blows the crust right off of the pie and into the wolves, splatting them against the far wall. The pigs then escape and rush back to Practical's house. At Practical's house, the Lie Detector machine punishes the Wolf harder and harder  until he gives in and the indicator points to "TRUTH" and a mechanical bird plays a harp at which point he tells the truth . He is then shot right out of the house with a rocket stuck up his shirt. Practical prepares to go save his brothers , but Fiddler and Fifer have since managed to escape from the Three Little Wolves, and return home safe and sound, slamming the door right into Practical and embedding him in the wall. When scolded by their irate brother against defying his orders , the two pigs play innocent and tell him they didn't go swimming . But the lie detector springs into action, Fiddler and Fifer are flipped over with their trunks pulled down and the two storytellers are soundly spanked. While Fiddler and Fifer are being spanked, Practical tells them "Remember, this hurts me worse than it does you", but the machine takes him literally, to his chagrin.