The story focuses on Aman Sharma a.k.a. Banku , who has recently shifted into an old bungalow in Goa, with his parents, Aditya  and Anjali . His father Aditya is an engineer on a cruise line, and therefore moves with his cruise. They are made aware that the bungalow is haunted, but they disregard this. Banku is enrolled in St. Francis High School, and Anjali hires a kindhearted and comedic drunken thief, Anthony , as a servant to clean the house. Soon one night Banku goes down to the living room to have some ice-cream when he sees a shadow on the wall. Frightened, he calls out to his mom and then sees that the bowl in which he was having ice-cream has vanished. Later he goes down again past a sleeping Anjali to investigate. It is then that he sees the ghost of Kailash Nath  and then they start arguing on whether Mr. Nath is a ghost or an angel. Banku nicknames him Bhootnath as Mr. Nath says that he is a bhoot and also says that he is Nath. Since the ghost of Kailash Nath does not want anybody to occupy his house, he tries different ways to scare Banku and his mother, but Banku considers him as angel and treats him like a friend. Soon, Mr. Nath is overpowered by Banku's innocent love, especially after a minor incident of Banku's fall from the stairs for which Mr. Nath is in fact responsible. The two become friends and thoroughly enjoy the company of one another. It is at this point that Mr. Nath's son returns from the US and plans to sell off this bungalow. Angered, Mr. Nath scares the buyers but Anjali comes to know the existence of him. He then tells his story to Banku and Anjali how his son deserted him at the time of need and left for the US. Later, Aditya and Anjali decide to perform the final rites of Mr. Nath to give him Moksha. It is performed by Banku and Mr.Nath bids an emotional farewell to Banku. By this time, Mr.Nath's son also comes to know his fault and apologizes. In the end, Banku is sad that Bhoothnath is no more. However, bhoothnath returns and says that he is always there for him.