Gandhi  steals medicine for his mother who is on her deathbed. However, by the time he reaches the hospital, his mother is dead, and he is left without any money to cremate her. Wardboy Sai Kumar demands money to preserve his mother's corpse in the mortuary. Business tycoon Ram Mohan Rao  rushes to the hospital to have his sick wife cured. Gandhi plays a numerical trick with his daughter Harika . This impresses her and she pays Rs.500/- for his mother's funeral. However, the wardboy takes advantage of his situation and steals that money. After his mother's funeral, Gandhi, left with no home and money and wandering on streets, saves a young woman, Lakshmi  from drowning, when she jumps off a bridge. They both reach Lakshmi's house and Gandhi finds an advertisement in newspaper for a job. Gandhi understands the trick behind that ad, and walks into Ram Mohan Rao's house for an interview. Gandhi gives a tit-for-tat for publishing an ad to fool people and both enter into an argument. When Gandhi says that it is not so difficult to make money and he can make Rs.50 lakhs in 5 years, Ram Mohan Rao challenges him that if Gandhi succeeds, he will get his daughter married to him. Both sign an agreement on this and Gandhi leaves. Ram Mohan Rao throws the agreement into a trash bin and forgets this incident, but determined Gandhi starts planning for his 50 lakhs. He wins his first Rs.100, through gambling and explains to Lakshmi, the difference between law and justice. Gandhi slowly progresses and buys a new house and moves in with Lakshmi, who now, is his secretary. Lakshmi's ill-charactered brother Hanumantha Rao  enters their house with his wife Priyamvada , pretending to be homeless. Despite Lakshmi's warning, Gandhi lets them stay. Hanumantha Rao tries every possible trick to defame Gandhi and separate him from Lakshmi but fails. Also Priyamvada tries to seduce Gandhi and realizes her mistake through him. Gandhi plans to start a paper mill to compete with Ram Mohan Rao, and accidentally meets a young man named Vidyarthi ([[Rajendra Prasad . Gandhi learns that Vidyarthi worked for Ram Mohan Rao in the past and uses his experience and talent to promote his business. During his rise, Harika supports him by saving him from going bankrupt and starts adoring him. Hanumantha Rao manages to create problems in Gandhi's paper mill and Lakshmi revolts seeing Gandhi adamant about making money rather than bothering about his workers' welfare. On the last day of the bet, Gandhi is left with Rs.500 short of 50 lakhs and the wardboy, who is influenced by Gandhi's personality and thinking, brings about changes within himself and returns Rs.500. Jubilant, Gandhi tries to reach Ram Mohan Rao, but realizes that he is leaving the country with his daughter. On his way to airport, Gandhi is attacked by Hanumanth Rao and goons. Gandhi bashes them up and reaches Ram Mohan Rao to declare his victory. He throws away all the money and returns to Lakshmi.