Norbit Albert Rice  opens the film by narrating that he is an orphan as he is thrown out of a car by his parents, in front of the Golden Wonton orphanage and cuisine. Mr. Wong  finds him the next morning and takes him in, claiming that nobody will want "ugly black one". Norbit and his buddy partner, Kate Thomas  were the best of friends and even got 'married' as children in the orphanage but one day, they got separated when Kate got adopted. As there was an odd number at the orphanage, Norbit was alone for a while. A while after, whilst being bullied by twins in elementary school, Norbit is saved by Rasputia Latimore , a fat, self-centered, overbearing, vain girl who takes an instant liking to Norbit and makes him her boyfriend. She protects him from other kids and makes him feel like he as a real family. As they both grow up, Rasputia becomes meaner, fatter and rougher, dominating every aspect of Norbit's life. They eventually got married, in part due to the pressure from Rasputia's three coarse, muscular brothers Big Black Jack , Blue , and Earl , who the whole town live in fear of . Rasputia and her brothers run the local construction company where Norbit works as a book keeper. They also run a 'security' business which is popular with the local vendors. Throughout their life together, Rasputia mistreats, insults, and dominates Norbit to make sure that she keeps him all to herself, eventually starting to resent and cheat on him by having sex with her power tap dance instructor Buster Perkin , who only goes along with it so her brothers can fund his workout tape. Norbit is performing a puppet show for the kids at the orphanage which he lets all is anger out to Rasputia through the puppets, but then he sees Kate for the first time in years. Stunned by her, his affection for her returns. But then Norbit is disappointed to find out that Kate's now engaged to Deion Hughes , a sneaky, slick-talking businessman. Eventually, with help from Norbit's two ex-pimp friends Pope Sweet Jesus  and Lord Have Mercy  and the other townspeople, Kate falls in love with Norbit. Rasputia finds out about this while driving by the church and saw Kate and Norbit rehearsing the wedding. When Norbit tells her what he would say if he was saying vows to Kate, she kisses him, eventually running away since she is confused with her feelings. Later, Norbit discovers that the Latimore brothers have orchestrated a plot to purchase Kate and Norbit's former orphanage to open up a strip club; since Deion is to be married to Kate, he'll have possession of the property, and he gets a share of the money once the strip club opens. When Kate finds out about the deal, Deion convinces her that Norbit only used her to help the Latimores. When she confronts him after he's locked in the basement by a vengeful Rasputia, Norbit acts mean to Kate to save her from Rasputia  and says that last night, he was only trying to "score" with her. In a fit of rage, Kate leaves Norbit to go marry Deion instead. When the Latimores had left to go to the wedding, Norbit escapes from the basement, and races to the church on his bike  where Deion and Kate are to be married, chased by the Latimores and falls into a pond. He continues to the church, beating the Latimores. Norbit reveals that Deion has gotten rich off of divorce settlements and only marries women for their money. He proves this by presenting Deion's ex-wives and children in person. Deion flees and the Latimores, angered that their plans are now ruined forever, attack Norbit. Just as the brothers prepare to kill Norbit, they're stopped by the townspeople who have taken up arms to defend Norbit and get their revenge on the Latimores. In the ensuing battle, Rasputia fights her way through the crowd , but just when she's about to kill Norbit with the spade, Mr. Wong comes out and harpoons her in the butt. Rasputia and her brothers are then chased out of town by the mob, never to be seen or heard from again. Norbit and Kate buy the orphanage and get married under the tree where they got married as kids. Rasputia and her brothers escape to Mexico and open up the El Nipplopolis club, where Rasputia becomes their most popular and lucrative stripper.