Sir Guy Grand , an eccentric billionaire, together with his newly adopted heir , Youngman Grand , start playing elaborate practical jokes on people. A big spender, Grand does not mind handing out large sums of money to various people, bribing them to fulfill his whims, or shocking them by bringing down what they hold dear. Their misadventures are designed as a display of father Grand to his adoptive charge that 'everyone has their price' - it just depends on the amount one is prepared to pay. They start from rather minor spoofs, like bribing a traffic warden  to take back a parking ticket and eat it  and proceed with increasingly elaborate stunts involving higher social strata and wider audiences. As a father-son conversation reveals, Grand sees his plots as 'educational' . At Sotheby's art auction house, it is proudly claimed that an original Rembrandt portrait might fetch £10,000, yet to the astonishment of director Mr. Dugdale , Grand makes a final offer of £30,000 for it  and having bought it, proceeds, in front of a deeply shocked Dugdale, to cut with his scissors the portrait's nose from the canvas. In a classy restaurant he makes a loud show of wild gluttony, Grand being the restaurant's most prominent customer. In the annual Boat Race sports event, he bribes the Oxford team  and makes them purposely ram the Cambridge boat, to win a screamingly unjust victory. In a traditional pheasant hunt, he uses an anti-aircraft gun to down the bird. Guy and Youngman eventually buy tickets for the luxury liner The Magic Christian, along with the richest strata of society. In the beginning everything appears normal and the ship apparently sets off. Yet soon, things start going wrong. A solitary drinker at the bar  is approached by a transvestite cabaret singer , a vampire  poses as a waiter, and a cinema film turns out to feature the unfortunately unsuccessful transplant of a black person's head onto a white body. Eventually passengers start noticing, through the ship's CCTV, that their Captain  is in a drunken stupor and finally gets carted off by a gorilla. In a crescendo of panic, the guests try to find their way to abandon ship. A group of them, shown the way by Youngman Grand, instead reach the machine-room, which turns out to be powered by hordes of topless rowing slave girls, under the command of the Priestess of the Whip . As passengers finally find an exit, and lords and ladies stumble out in the daylight, it is discovered that the supposed ship was in fact a structure built inside a warehouse, and the passengers had never left London. During the whole misadventure, father and son Grand look perfectly composed and cool. Toward the end of the film, Guy fills up a huge vat with urine, blood and animal excrement and adds to it thousands of bank notes. Attracting a crowd of onlookers by announcing 'Free money!', Grand successfully entices the city's workers to recover the cash. The sequence concludes with many members of the crowd submerging themselves, in order to retrieve money that had sunk beneath the surface, as the song "Something In The Air" by Thunderclap Newman, is heard by the movie's audience. The film ends with both Guy and Youngman, having returned to the park where the film opened, bribing the park warden to allow them to both now sleep there, stating that this was a more direct method of achieving their  ends.