An orphan boy, named Sunil, wanders through all of Delhi looking for a job. When selling balloons, he sees a girl and gives her a free balloon. A few days later, during a storm, the girl finds the boy getting soaked and gives him an umbrella. The umbrella blows into a place nearby, where the girls parents are headed. The boy stops their car and indicates them about the dangerous path ahead destroyed by the storm. As the boy rescues the girl's parents, the boy gets adopted by the parents. They name the boy "Athidhi" which means "guest". One day, while driving Athidhi to a hostel, they are stopped by an aspiring cop named Kaiser, a Psychopath, who mugs them, and shoots the parents. In his rage, Athidhi lunges after the teen managing to take the teen's gun. Nearby witnesses see Athidhi with a gun and the girl's parents and think that Athidhi killed them. The police come and arrest Athidhi. The girl also thinks that it was Athidhi who killed her parents and starts to hate him and thinks that she will never see him again. Thirteen years later, Athidhi  gets out of jail, and is now in search of the Psychopath, teen who has killed the girl's parents and the girl. In Delhi, local goons are feared by Athidhi, as he becomes a hurdle for their illegal operation. At one instance, he runs across a girl named Amrita  chased by stalkers from her college. Amrita and Athidhi meet many times. Amrita starts to like Athidhi, but has to go back to Hyderabad before she can confess her love. When she goes to try tell him that she is leaving Athidhi gets annoyed. He continuously tells her to leave him alone, when she keeps asking to get some coffee and slaps her. She runs away crying. Later Athidhi goes to Amrita to say sorry but only finds her friend. She tells him that Amrita just wanted to tell him that she's leaving. They then go to the cemetery seeing if she is there. Amrita's friend then explains that a boy named Athidhi killed Amrita's parents when she was young and Amrita goes to the cemetery to see their graves all the time. Athidhi then finds out that she was the same girl that he met in his childhood and leaves for Hyderabad to find her. When Athidhi also arrives to Hyderabad, and decides to stay with Amrita's family, he learns that a Mafia leader and kidnapper named Kaiser is feared there. Later, after few events, Athidhi realizes that Kaiser was the psychopath teen who killed the girl's parents. Now Kaiser is trying to kill Amrita. Athidhi stops two attempts by Kaiser to murder Amrita. Meanwhile, Officer Ajay  is trying to track down Kaiser. Ajay dies in an explosion in his house, which was planned by Kaiser. Athidhi figures out later on that Ajay is none other than Kaiser. Ajay's real name is Kaiser. Before Kaiser's house blew up, Kaiser managed to escape. When the MLA realizes that Ajay's real name is Kaiser, the MLA, after succumbing to shock, dies with a heart attack. Athidhi manages to kill one of Kaiser's men. Kaiser then kidnaps Amrita and her cousin. Kaiser kills Amrita's cousin. Then Kaiser leads Amrita to a dungeon and calls Athidi and tells him that he will kill Amrita if Athidhi doesn't rescue her in 12 hours. Then Athidi kidnaps his brother, and trades for Amrita. Amrita is severely cut and stuck in a certain air tank , but is rescued. Kaiser is killed. Athidi and Amrita unite, realising he wasn't the one who killed her parents.