The wealthy Mrs. Teasdale  insists that Rufus T. Firefly  be appointed leader of the small, bankrupt country of Freedonia before she will continue to provide much-needed financial backing. Meanwhile, neighboring Sylvania is attempting to take over the country. Sylvanian ambassador Trentino  tries to foment a revolution, woos Mrs. Teasdale, and attempts to dig up dirt on Firefly by sending in spies Chicolini  and Pinky . After failing to collect worthwhile information about Firefly, Chicolini and Pinky infiltrate the government when Chicolini is appointed Secretary of War after Firefly sees him on the street selling peanuts. Meanwhile, Firefly's personal assistant, Bob Roland  suspects Trentino's questionable motives, and counsels Firefly to "get rid of that man at once" by saying "something to make him mad, and he'll strike you, and we'll force him to leave the country." Firefly agrees to the plan, but after a series of personal insults exchanged between Firefly and Trentino, the plan backfires and Firefly slaps Trentino instead. As a result, the two countries reach the brink of war. Adding to the international friction is the fact that Firefly is also wooing Mrs. Teasdale, and likewise hoping to get his hands on her late husband's wealth. Trentino learns that Freedonia's war plans are in Mrs. Teasdale's possession and orders Chicolini and Pinky to steal them. Chicolini is caught by Firefly and put on trial, during which war is officially declared, and everyone is overcome by war frenzy, breaking into song and dance. The trial put aside, Chicolini and Pinky join Firefly and Bob Roland in anarchic battle, resulting in general mayhem. The end of the film finds Trentino caught in makeshift stocks, with the Brothers pelting him with fruit. Trentino surrenders, but Firefly tells him to wait until they run out of fruit. Mrs. Teasdale begins singing the Freedonia national anthem in her operatic voice and the Brothers begin hurling fruit at her instead.  In the "mirror scene," Pinky, dressed as Firefly, pretends to be Firefly's reflection in a missing mirror, matching his every move—including absurd ones that begin out of sight—to near perfection. In one particularly surreal moment, the two men swap positions, and thus the idea of which is a reflection of the other. Eventually, and to their misfortune, Chicolini, also disguised as Firefly, enters the frame and collides with both of them. Although its appearance in Duck Soup is the best known instance, the concept of the mirror scene did not originate in this film. Charlie Chaplin used it in The Floorwalker James Steffen "Seven Years Bad Luck" This scene has been recreated many times; for instance, in the Bugs Bunny cartoon Hare Tonic, <poem>They got guns, We got guns, All God's chillun got guns! I'm gonna walk all over the battlefield, 'Cause all God's chillun got guns!</poem> A portion of the final production sequence is used near the end of the Woody Allen film Hannah and Her Sisters Firefly can be seen wearing a different costume in almost every sequence until the end of the film, including American Civil War outfits , a British palace guard uniform, a Boy Scout Scoutmaster&#39;s uniform, and even a coon-skin Davy Crockett cap. Meanwhile, the exterior view of the building they are occupying changes appearance from a bunker to an old fort, etc. Firefly assures his generals that he has &#34;a man out combing the countryside for volunteers.&#34; Sure enough, Pinky is wandering out on the front lines wearing a sandwich board sign reading, &#34;Join the Army and see the Navy.&#34; Later, Chicolini volunteers Pinky to carry a message through enemy lines; Firefly tells him, &#34;[...] and remember, while you&#39;re out there risking life and limb through shot and shell, we&#39;ll be in here thinking what a sucker you are.&#34; Thomas Doherty has described this line as &#34;sum[ming] up the Great War cynicism towards all things patriotic&#34;. Chico and Harpo harass a lemonade seller , egged on by his irritation that they have stolen his pitch. First, there is a scene involving the knocking off, dropping, picking up and exchanging of hats. Later, Kennedy  steals bags of Harpo&#39;s peanuts, and Harpo responds by burning Kennedy&#39;s new straw boater hat; in return, Kennedy pushes over their peanut wagon. Harpo responds by stepping knee-deep into Kennedy&#39;s lemonade tank, where he imitates a stereotypical Italian grape-crushing peasant; this drives off Kennedy&#39;s waiting line of customers. Just before the Mirror Scene is the Radio Scene. Harpo tries the combination to the safe on a box which proves to be a radio, and it starts blaring the break-up strain of John Philip Sousa&#39;s &#34;Stars and Stripes Forever&#34;. The music continues despite ongoing efforts to silence, and finally destroy, the radio. Harpo often doffed his hat on-screen, but Chico very rarely removed his Tyrolean hat, even when indoors. For a few seconds on-screen in the earlier scene, Chico&#39;s head is uncovered, revealing a wavy wig. Chico had already started going bald when the brothers appeared in their first Broadway production, I'll Say She Is, in 1924. All of the Brothers&#39; natural receding-hairline patterns were similar, but Harpo and Chico covered theirs with wigs.