 The movie begins with the violent and painful death of its protagonist, French sociologist Jean-Charles Pommier . The moment he dies in the Emergency Room of a Los Angeles city hospital the physician treating him, Dr. Eileen Flax , becomes possessed with his memories. Dr. Flax relives the last week of Pommier's life until the moment of his death.  After travelling abroad and studying the spiritual beliefs and religious practices of primitive peoples, Pommier finally settles down with his patient wife Niki  in Los Angeles to teach at UCLA. His home in the suburbs is vandalized one night by a gang of street punks who travel about in a black van. They are very interested in his house and he finds that they have built a macabre shrine in his garage to a murderer who recently killed two girls who lived in the house. He then starts to study them because they are an urban nomad culture that is strikingly similar to the ones he has studied. He begins to observe them, following them around and covertly taking their pictures. He develops the pictures and is puzzled to find that they do not show up in them. Then he begins to realize that they are actually the Einwetok, demonic Inuit trickster spirits that take human form, commit acts of violence and mischief, and who are attracted to places of violence and death. Now that they are aware of him, they plan to claim his soul to keep their existence a secret.  Dr. Flax wakes in the bedroom of Pommier's house in the arms of his wife. They try to flee the city to escape the nomads but the street starts to fill with an army of leather-clad bikers and punks. They storm the house, forcing the women to flee to the attic. One of the nomads, Dancing Mary , breaks into the attic but leaves after scaring them. Much later, the nomads have left the house and the ladies leave the attic to find the house a shambles. Packing bags, they flee the city. The next day, as they are driving down a back road, a leather-clad man on a motorcycle rides around them. Flax warns Niki that whatever she sees, she should not stop. As they drive by, they are horrified to see that it is Pommier, now one of the nomads.