Raj Khanna is a wealthy businessman who lives with his wife Archana, stepsister Devyani, her spouse, and her son Teddy, in a mansion. Raj and Archana's lives are marred by marital discord, so much that they decide to separate. Shortly before separating, Archana gives birth to identical twins. One of these is taken by Devyani and handed over to Raj without Archana's knowledge. This infant subsequently grows up to be an embittered young woman sentimentially named Sweety. Raj becomes a helpless alcoholic. Archana has moved to London with the other daughter, Tina. In contrast to Sweety's ferocity, Tina is a meek, compassionate, sympathetic, demure person as a rule. Each year, Archana buys two identical presents and gives one to Tina on her birthday, locking the other into a closet to symbolize giving to Sweety, whom she believes is dead. Sweety is of marriageable age, but refuses to marry the man of her aunt's choice, and runs away to London. Once there, she is mistaken for her sister by Archana. Later, when the twins meet, become friends, and realize that Devyani has been scheming to keep Raj under her control, they change places in hope of freeing Raj and reuniting their family. Tina goes to India, where she works to cure Raj of his alcoholism and remove Devyani's influence on him. Sweety remains in England, where she surprises her mother by acting according to her own personality. The sisters have assumed each other's names, so as to keep their operation secret. When Tina meets with Raj, she finds out that he is having a sexual affair with a young woman named Savitri, who was introduced to him by Devyani. When Savitri attempts to drug and seduce him, in hope of having him impregnate her , Tina gives the drug to Raj's aged, faithful, comical servant Ballu Mamaji, who responds to the seduction instead of Raj. Savitri becomes pregnant with Ballu Mamaji's child; later, Sweety and Tina marry her off to a wealthy man they know, bribing her to agree by having this man throw money onto her. Ballu Mamaji attempts to counter this with his own offer, but is refused. Eventually, through a series of tricks, the twins fool Raj and Archana into reconciling. Devyani's plots to gain power are exposed. Ultimately Raj, of his own will, urges Archana to stay.