Jay, her brother, and three friends seeking refuge from a torrential storm break into what they think is an abandoned recycling plant. Incredibly, they find that they have stumbled into the aftermath of a horribly brutal double murder, the only survivor of which is a Sleeper - a coma patient hooked up to life support in a triple-locked, shatter proof observation room. Closer examination reveals a disturbing truth: the Sleeper is Orin Kiefer, a murderer executed by lethal injection six years earlier for butchering his family. Trapped inside with this comatose madman, they soon discover there is no escape and the Sleeper is not as harmless as he would seem. Jay, her brother and friends search for a way out of the factory. A psychopathic man roaming the building attacks and kills her brother. What's more is that falling asleep becomes the most dangerous thing of all. When Peter falls asleep, his dreams are invaded and his mind is controlled by the comatose madman. The madman turns Peter into a deranged killer like himself, and he tries to attack Jay and the remaining friends, but they make it safely to the observation room and try to sort the situation out. They discover that the Sleeper in the locked room possesses the power of an Incubus demon, and can invade and control another human's mind through their dreams. To test this theory, they tell Holly to go to sleep. She is the weakest of the three, and if she is infected like Peter, she can at least be tied up and easily kept under control without being hurt. She agrees and eventually falls asleep. Jay and Bug wait, not expecting anything to happen. After a few minutes, Holly wakes up and tries to attack Bug and Jay. They try to get her to snap out of the spell of the Incubus, but when they fail they realize that the only way to stop her is to kill her, which they do. Angry, disgusted, and scared, Bug turns and attacks the comatose madman, still peacefully sleeping and dreaming. He rips off the machinery that keeps him in his unconscious state. Bug and Jay run to get out of the factory. Peter is still waiting for them, and Bug quickly attacks him with a hammer. As he dies, Peter reveals that he is no longer under the control of the Incubus. As it turns out, the reason he is no longer psychotic, is because the Incubus is no longer asleep. Because the machinery keeping him comatose was destroyed, he was able to free himself, wake up, and kill. He kills Bug by snapping his neck, and then goes after Jay. Jay manages to trick the Incubus by making it look like she has managed to escape onto the factory's roof. After she manages to kill him she makes the mistake of falling asleep and dreams of the Incubus. In the dream he manages to get inside of her and when she wakes up she is delirious. As sheriffs arrive to the scene, they discover the dead Incubus, and the bloody Jay. They wrongly assume she is a killer, though she does not say a single word. She is led into a police car, in handcuffs. The movie ends with a brief shot of Jay's eyes, which suddenly turn into an alarming design revealing that she becomes a psychopathic killer, possessed by the Incubus.