Sandy and Dale, both Overseas Workers in Dubai, are busy preparing for their wedding. Upon reaching her home, Sandy learns from her mother, Tessie, what happened to her friend, Helen. A short time after Helen's father died, Helen proceeded with her wedding. A few weeks after the wedding, Helen's husband dies in a plane crash. As Helen goes to the crash site, she dies in a bus accident. A few weeks later, Helen's mother suddenly disappears inside her house. Their bodies have never been recovered. Sandy proceeds with her own wedding. During the ceremony, her nose bleeds and she starts seeing glimpses of a ghostly flower girl. It turns out that she is not the only one who saw it, as the psychic Joya and the daughter of her husband's cousin, also saw the flower girl. Hours later, Sandy and Dale learn that the van carrying some of the secondary sponsors met an accident. When they arrive at the site, the victims' bodies could not be found, and instead they see a wedding cord. Sandy's relatives and friends then disappear one by one and things become more mysterious when Sandy receives their respective wedding photos. The people who died are all headless in the photos, and they realise that these people are bound to die. Joya tells Sandy that she is cursed by sukob —the Filipino belief that it is bad luck for siblings to get married within the same year. Sandy is shocked, as no one in her family has died recently nor gotten married. In searching for the truth, Sandy unearths a dark family secret. Sandy goes to her hometown with Dale and while staying at a hotel, Dale suddenly disappears and Sandy finds a candle where he was standing. She goes to the police station but the station runs out of electricity, while tables and chairs begin to move by themselves. Sandy runs outside and as she drives her car, she accidentally hits a pregnant lady named Diana. She helps Diana and, after asking questions, finds out they are really half-sisters. Both realise they were married in the same year and on the same day, and one must sacrifice a life in order to break the curse. Diana and Sandy go to the church where Diana was wed but they are chased by the ghostly flower girl. They are trapped at the top of the belfry and the flower girl, whose mission is to take the life of the sacrificed, attempts to touch Diana's belly. This meant that her baby is the sacrifice. Sandy stops the ghost and falls from the belfry, dying and thus breaking the curse. Diana finally meets their father, and the movie ends when he sees the ghosts of his wife and Sandy, causing him to scream.