During World War II, Hannibal Lee  in getting ready to leave for Tuskegee, Alabama, is joined by other African American men from different backgrounds. At the start of their training, they are met by 2ndLt. Glenn , who had joined the Royal Canadian Air Force and was credited with three kills. During training, Lewis Johns , and his instructor are killed when they fail to recover from a stall. Walter Peoples III , who already has a pilot's license, disobeys a standing order to impress Hannibal, but this results in him being sent home, so to prevent going home in disgrace, he decides to commit suicide by crashing an aircraft.  Later, First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt arrives for an inspection. She chooses Lee to take her up in an aircraft. The men are eventually deployed to North Africa, as part of the 99th Pursuit Squadron, though they are relegated to ground attack missions. During the campaign, Lee's flight encounters a group of Messerschmitt Bf 109s. Ignoring Lee's orders, Leroy Cappy  breaks formation and attacks, downing one of them. Another Bf 109 hits Cappy's fighter aircraft numerous times, causing a fire in the cockpit and fatally wounding him. A congressional hearing of the House Armed Services Committee is convened in order to determine if the Tuskegee Airmen "experiment" should be allowed to continue. Charged with being incompetent, a medical study is used to claim that "Negroes are incapable of handling complex machinery." The hearing decides in the Tuskegee Airmen's favor, due to testimony by their commanding officer, Lt. Col. Benjamin O. Davis , and the 99th Pursuit Squadron joins two new squadrons out of Tuskegee to form the all-black 332nd Fighter Group, under the now Col. Benjamin O. Davis. The 332nd is deployed to Ramitelli, Italy to provide escort for Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress heavy bombers, which are experiencing heavy losses. During this deployment, Lee and Billy Roberts  destroy a destroyer. During a subsequent escort assignment, Roberts is shot down. Later, Lee is awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross and promoted to captain. In their next mission, the Tuskegee Airmen are requested for escort on a raid on Berlin.