At home, Rerun van Pelt finds some old marbles his grandfather Felix—a marble master in his day—kept in the attic. Charlie Brown goes to summer camp with Marcie while Peppermint Patty is stuck in summer school. He and Snoopy get ready for camp. They ride the bus and Peppermint Patty is there saying goodbye. Charlie Brown realizes that most of his friends are going to summer camp with him. Linus is eating a lollipop and Rerun wants one and goes until he sees Joe Agate play marbles. He then decides at summer camp that he wants to be a marbles champ. Joe Agate , the bully, decides to play against Rerun on the false pretense of teaching him the game—and quickly cheats him out of his marbles. A devastated Rerun complains to Charlie Brown. Disgusted, Charlie Brown takes responsibility and isolates himself in his cabin, where Snoopy instructs him on the game until he becomes skilled enough to win back the marbles from Joe. Meanwhile, back home, Peppermint Patty suspects that Charlie Brown is Marcie's love interest. Her temper flares when Marcie and Charlie Brown go off to camp together while she is stuck in town attending summer school as a result of her poor grades. Marcie's teasing Patty over the telephone about it makes Patty even more jealous. Patty, overcome with envy, hatches a plan to leave town and interrupt Marcie's supposed romance. On the last day of camp, everyone tensely watches as Joe and Charlie Brown compete. There, Charlie Brown reveals Joe's unfair ways of playing: he only plays beginners, saying he's playing for fun until he wins and then he claims it's for keeps and takes all their marbles, shocking and angering Joe. Initially Joe wins and takes all of Charlie's marbles, but fortunately, Snoopy has two spares. Joe complains, but Charlie Brown claims "his dog, therefor, his marbles", which Joe can't turn down. Joe gets one, but then misses. Charlie Brown then shoots and wins the last marble, along with Joe's shooter . Charlie Brown makes another bet, if Joe wants his shooter back, they'll play for all the marbles. Joe asks why because Charlie Brown only has three marbles and Joe has hundreds. Charlie Brown says that if he misses a single shot, no matter how much he's won, Joe gets all the marbles. Joe, feeling unbeatable at that bet, agrees. Charlie Brown wins all the marbles in a single turn, crushing Joe, who is forced to give all the marbles back. Triumphant, Charlie Brown returns home and enjoys seeing Lucy's irritation and astonishment learning that he had been a hero. While the credits roll, Snoopy's and Woodstock's siblings sleep while Woodstock roasts marshmallows and sings. The storyline was an amalgamation of several different series of Peanuts strips; the "Joe Agate" storyline originally appeared in the strip in 1995, and the story involving Peppermint Patty sneaking away from summer school to see Charlie Brown at camp was an adaptation of a series of strips from 1989.