Turn the River stars Famke Janssen as Kailey Sullivan, a woman rough around the edges and schooled in hard knocks. Divorced from her son's father and without visitation rights, she and her son write letters to each other and meet surreptitiously. Kailey learns that her son Gully, is receiving abuse from his father and is being bullied in school. She decides that the best thing for her and her child would be to leave the country and start a new life in Canada. She puts a plan into motion to organise fake passports and papers which require that she raise a fair amount of money. Kailey starts off by using her exceptional skills at pool to win small bets. After a nasty encounter with a player unhappy at losing, Kailey reveals to her friend Teddy Quinette, that she met her ex-husband David while she was running an illegal card game room. David left his studies in a seminary to marry a then pregnant Kailey. David's mother, staunchly religious and unhappy at this turn of events, reported Kailey's illegal activities and then struck a deal with her to make her life easier in return for Kailey getting a divorce and giving away custody of Gully. With Teddy's help Kailey begins to organise high stakes games against skilled players at the pool bar Teddy owns. Kailey eventually collects enough money together and prepares to flee with her son in tow. On the morning of departure she drops by David's house to speak to him for the first time in eleven years. She tells him that she is leaving with Gully and that he will be better off with her. Kailey then handcuffs David inside the house with the aid of a replica handgun. David's wife returns to find him and they call the police. After driving to the Canadian border Kailey and Gully have only to catch an early morning bus over the border. The police manage to track them down before they can leave and Kailey is shot by police who believed her to be reaching for a firearm in her bag. It is left to the viewer to decide if she died or not. The movie ends with a flashback of Gully walking to Quinette's pool bar for the first time to receive a post card from his mother.