A wax-coated tape is found in John Kramer's  stomach during his autopsy. It is given to Mark Hoffman , who learns that he will not walk away untested. The scene cuts to Trevor  and Art Blank , who awaken chained at the neck to a winch in a mausoleum. Trevor's eyes are sewn shut, as is Art's mouth, preventing communication between them. Trevor's panic activates the winch, and Art kills him after a brief struggle and takes the key to free himself. Allison Kerry's  body is found by police four days after her death. Hoffman is met at the scene by FBI agents Peter Strahm  and Lindsey Perez , who Kerry had previously contacted, after sending Lt. Daniel Rigg  home. They believe that someone else set up Kerry's murder, as John and Amanda Young were physically incapable of putting Kerry in the harness . Strahm soon becomes suspicious of Rigg, who is convinced that Eric Matthews  is still alive. Rigg is abducted in his home that night, and awakens to discover that Matthews is alive, that he and Hoffman have 90 minutes to save themselves, and that Rigg must undergo tests to discover "what it truly means to save a life." Rigg saves Brenda , a madam, in his first test, but is forced to kill her when she attacks him, as she believes he will imprison her if she doesn't kill him. In his next test, Rigg enters a motel and forces Ivan Landsness , a serial rapist, into a trap where he must choose between blinding himself and dismemberment. Ivan fails to blind both eyes and is killed by the trap. In his third test, Rigg enters a school and finds Rex and Morgan , an abusive husband and his wife, impaled together by spikes in a harness. Rex is dead, and Morgan has removed all but one spike; Rigg helps with the last spike, gives her the key to her harness, and pulls the fire alarm while leaving for his final test. Strahm and Perez alternate between investigating each test scene and interrogating Jill Tuck , John's ex-wife. While married to John, she had been pregnant with his baby, which he was to be named Gideon. Jigsaw's puppet and its tricycle were meant for Gideon. She miscarried when Cecil Adams , a drug addict, was robbing her clinic. The agents also learn that the motel room was rented to Art Blank, who vanished two weeks previously, and that they are the next two targets. Throughout Rigg's tests, Matthews and Hoffman are overseen by a man revealed to be Art. Matthews is held atop an ice block by a chain-noose, and Hoffman is strapped to a chair with an electrode at his feet. They are balanced by a seesaw: if Matthews falls after too much ice melts, he will be hanged and Hoffman will be electrocuted. At the third test scene, the agents learn that all three victims were represented in court by Art, who was also Jill's lawyer. After Perez is hospitalized by an exploding puppet, Strahm furiously questions Jill, now certain that Art is the accomplice. Jill recounts that John's depression following the miscarriage ultimately ended their marriage, as well as his property development work with Art. After his suicide attempt, John began his work and targeted Cecil first. Cecil was to push his face through several knives to hit a switch and release himself. The chair collapsed via freeing himself but Cecil died after falling into a tangle of razor-wire trying to kill John with a large piece of the chair. Strahm connects her story with the Gideon Meatpacking Plant, the location of Rigg's final test. Strahm arrives soon after Rigg, but ends up trailing Jeff Denlon , who he finds in the sickroom and shoots in self-defense when Jeff mistakes him for his daughter's kidnapper. Rigg locates Matthews and Hoffman, who can be released by Art when the timer expires; if he presses the button beforehand, a pair of pincers will cut his spine. Unaware of this, Rigg breaks into the room with one second left just as Matthews shoots him, which releases two ice blocks that crush Matthews's head, killing him. Rigg kills Art, believing him responsible for the traps, and learns from a tape recorder that Matthews would have lived if Rigg had not interfered. An unharmed Hoffman releases himself, revealed to be the accomplice, and leaves Rigg to die. He seals Strahm in the sickroom before he leaves. The scene then cuts to John's autopsy, which took place after the events of the film.