Christine Radcliffe  runs up the stairs of a college concert hall in the rain. The hall is filled with rapt students, and her eyes fill with tears as she recognizes the cellist on stage: Karel Novak  who spent the war trapped in neutral Sweden. After the performance, Novak is mobbed by well-wishers, and a student reporter questions him about his favorite composers. Novak lists some famous ones, then adds, "And, of course, Hollenius." Novak returns to his dressing room, Christine enters and their eyes meet in his mirror. The couple embraces while Christine cries, “I thought you were dead. I saw them kill you.” Karel and Christine return to her apartment. Karel becomes suspicious of the rare artwork on display and the fur coat hanging in the closet. Christine has told Karel that she is living a precarious existence as a pianist but this conflicts with the evidence in the apartment. They marry, but the composer Alexander Hollenius  makes a dramatic entrance at their wedding reception. It is evident he is jealous, and the stress leads him to break a wine glass without deliberate intent. Hollenius soon gives Novak a manuscript score of his new cello concerto, which Novak agrees to perform at its premiere. It becomes apparent to Christine that a cellist in the orchestra, Bertram Gribble ([[John Abbott , is being tutored in the solo part by Hollenius. Suspecting the sabotage of her husband's career, she unsuccessfully attempts to bribe Gribble into not co-operating. A friction develops between Novak and Hollenius, and the composer angrily breaks off a dress rehearsal on the grounds of Novak's temperamental behavior. On the evening of the premiere, Christine visits Hollenius, who threatens to tell Novak of their love affair. Distraught, Christine shoots him dead. Another conductor, Neilsen, takes the place of the absent Hollenius, and the performance is a great success. While well-wishers wait, Christine confesses everything to her husband, and they leave the concert hall together .