This short opens with the Wolf describing to his sons the edible parts of a pig. The cubs, after pelting their father with stones shot from slingshots just for a prank , and after he threateningly exclaims that he'll blow their ears off if they don't behave , sing and dance to "Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?" Then it fades to Fifer and Fiddler Pig doing exactly the same thing of singing and dancing. They then discover a wolf alarm  and then they discover their brother Practical Pig building a contraption called a Wolf Pacifier. Fifer and Fiddler then play around with the alarm  to get Practical's attention and when he discovers that it was just a trick, he warns his brothers, "Someday the Wolf'll get ya. Then you'll be in a fix. You'll blow that horn and I won't come. I'll think it's one of your tricks." He then storms off in a huff, but not before Fifer and Fiddler scare him again by blowing the horn right behind him, causing him to fire a big hole in the top of his hat with his blunderbuss. Unbeknownst to Fifer and Fiddler, however, the Big Bad Wolf and his three sons are stalking them. The Wolf dresses in drag, this time as Little Bo Peep and he/she sadly tells the pigs that he/she lost his/her sheep and doesn't know where to find them. Then the pigs discover the sheep  and the Wolf and his sons, still in disguise, run away home, to the wolves' cave and the pigs follow. The Wolf then locks the door and swallows the key. At first, the pigs embarrassedly think that "Bo Peep" has romantic intentions , but of course, the wolves spring their trap and soon overwhelm the pigs. They try to blow the wolf alarm horn, but Practical, of course, doesn't come. Soon Fifer and Fiddler are soon put on a dinner dish by the wolves and they tauntingly blow the horn repeatedly. Still hoping for Practical to come to their rescue, the pigs challenge the wolf cub blowing the horn to blow it real loud . He tries to, but can't, and the pigs think that was a sissy blow . So the Big Bad Wolf tries to blow the horn to prove what the Wolf family is made of . This time, it gets tooted real loud, so loud that this time, Practical hears  and goes to the rescue, pulling the Wolf Pacifier along behind him. Now the Wolf is just about to place the pigs in the oven, but just before he does so, he hears a knock on the door. It's Practical, disguised as a fruits-and-vegetables salesman and he's giving a free sample on tomatoes and the Wolf accepts the offer and comes out, asking for Practical to let him have it , which Practical does... right in the Wolf's face. Furious, the Wolf chases Practical into the Wolf Pacifier contraption. The result is the Wolf getting assaulted by the contraption's many mechanisms: buzzsawed, bashed on the head by rolling pins, kicked by boots, punched by boxing gloves , tarred and feathered and, finally, being shot out of a cannon, with his sons following him. The short ends with the Three Little Pigs emerging from the Wolf's den, playing "Who's Afraid of the Big Bad Wolf?" patriotically .