Its an Unofficial copy of the 1988 Hollywood movie A Fish Called Wanda.Laloo  suffers from 'shesightophrenia', a psychological disorder wherein he goes out of control when he sees a good-looking girl. Laloo is a playboy - he can't keep his pants up, and just in case they are, he can't keep the zipper closed that's what he is by nature. Padma , his girl friend, is quite fed up of his regular cheating on her. After one such incident she takes a flight to Cape Town to recover some jewels, which are rightfully hers, since her father's partner wrongfully stole them. Padma lands in Cape Town to discover Laloo already there to receive her-after endless bouts of asking for her forgiveness. Laloo is finally pardoned for the nth time. Laloo tries to help out Padma in her mission but ends up messing things miserably. To get out of the mess Laloo takes help of a local thug in Cape Town called Johnny, a club owner, and his sidekick called Yadav  who help them to rob the bank where the jewels are. The four rob the bank, recover the stolen jewels and split outside the bank. While escaping from the bank, Yadav nearly runs over an old lady  with three dogs who becomes a witness to the robbery. Now that the jewels are out from the bank, Padma has no qualms about giving a 'neat boot' to the three. And the game of double cross starts! Padma calls the cops and informs them of Johnny having robbed the bank. The cops pick up Johnny. But Johny has shifted the booty somewhere else! Padma now switches her charms on Prasad , the lawyer who is fighting for Johnny. She plays love games with Prasad in trying to extract the information out of him as to where the jewels have been hidden by Johnny. Laloo gets jealous of Prasad and wants to teach him a lesson. But he has not reckoned with Yadav who is also a victim of Padma's charm! So if Laloo has to get even with Padma, it's going to be only over Yadav's dead body. So the game of one-upmanship keeps happening, till finally the jewels do land in Padma's lap - but she has three men now who love her dearly - Laloo, Prasad and Yadav. And two of them have to lose out to the third!! Guess as to, who will be nursing broken hearts?