The plot of the special differs significantly from the original book. The sequence in the book where the cat balances all sorts of objects on a ball, then crashes, is left out. Also differing is the role of Thing 1 and Thing 2; in the original book, they were simply things the cat brought along to demonstrate fun, but in this special, they are commissioned to help find the cat's "moss-covered three-handled family gradunza." The vocabulary used in the special is also of a much higher level than the book, though still in Seuss's trademark rhyme. After the Cat makes his entrance and fools around a bit, the Fish requests that he leave. He does so, but then comes back in, claiming that his "moss-covered three-handled family gradunza" has been stolen, and he accuses the Fish, who is given the name Karlos K. Krinkelbein in the special. The Cat sings a ballad about the loss of his treasured keepsake and then tries to describe it to the kids, even though they don't understand what he's talking about. The Cat then leads the kids on a search through the house, using his method of "Calculatus Eliminatus", which involves writing marks on every place they've already checked. This makes a mess of everything, and Mr. Krinkelbein demands that the Cat leave once again, but it only prompts the Cat to sing another song, this one about feeling pessimistic and having low self-esteem . Then he proceeds to put the cynical fish to sleep by singing a lullaby. Once that's done, he brings out Thing One and Thing Two, singing to the kids that they can find "anything under the sun", all the while the Things play sports using Mr. Krinkelbein's fishbowl as the ball/puck.  Mr. Krinkelbein then becomes angry and accuses the Cat of not being a real Cat , and his hat of not being a real hat. This cues arguably the wackiest song in the special, where the Cat sings out his name in several languages . The song becomes so catchy that everyone, even Krinkelbein, joins in and contributes alternative translations for languages like 'Eskimo' and Russian . Just as they finish up the song, though, they hear the mother coming home. The Cat then proceeds to clean up the house, just like in the book, using a motorized vehicle. Just as he leaves, the mother returns, telling the kids that she just saw a Cat in a Hat "going down the street with a moss-covered three-handled family gradunza." This tends to suggest that the "gradunza" was a strange vehicle the Cat drove around the house as he cleaned it up; in any event, its exact nature remains a mystery to the viewer.