India is in the throes of the new global economy. The new capitalist order is changing people’s lives. But a new war of ideals is separating the old values from the new… There is also the war with Pakistan… the two brothers who are fighting for Kashmir. The two countries have equipped themselves with Oppenheimer’s deadly toy… Arjun, 18 years old, lives in the northern suburbs of Bombay with his widowed mother Sheela, who works hard to make ends meet. She has one goal in life: that Arjun gets a diploma and a good job. Arjun is attracted to Salma, a girl from a Muslim upper-class family. Somewhere Arjun knows that she is beyond his reach. Chabia, 21 years old, is Arjun’s best friend, a mechanic in a garage. Chabia loves Mona, a dancer in a cabaret bar. Chabia hates seeing those rich men showering her with money as she dances for them. She wants to go and work in Dubai. Rohit, a rich young man brings his BMW car to service it in Chabia’s garage. Chabia fixes his car with some cheap spares that he has procured from some dubious sources. Rohit is happy and invites Chabia for a drink in a posh club in downtown Bombay. Chabia thinks that this is an opportunity for him to meet people from the upper class. But things turn out badly for them and the bouncers beat them up. Rohit does not help them. The tensions on the border increase… the military build-up intensifies. Both countries test their intercontinental ballistic missiles. Chabia steals money from his brother and plans to run away with Mona and start a new life. But she has cold feet at the last minute and goes off to work in the cabarets of Dubai. Arjun fails his diploma examination as he tries to cheat using fake papers that Chabia procured for him. The two friends want to do something to leave this climate of despair. An old friend returns from abroad with stories of his fortunes. He was going to retire in a few years. He had made his money. Chabia tries to convince Arjun to go abroad with him, but Arjun does not want to leave his mother alone. Chabia and Arjun decide to meet an employment agent who promises them jobs for a huge fee. Chabia arranges his fee, but Arjun cannot manage his. Chabia tells him to ask his mother Sheela to lend him the money. At first, Sheela is very angry but finally succumbs to her son’s demand. The day before their departure, they celebrate their farewell. The mood is upbeat. However, India and Pakistan destroy each others major cities with nuclear bomb.