39 year-old Brennan Huff and 40 year-old Dale Doback  are two unemployed, middle-aged and spoiled men who still live with and are reliant on their parents. They have no intention of moving out or finding jobs and behave childishly. When Brennan's mother Nancy  and Dale's father Robert  marry, Brennan and Dale are forced to live with each other as step brothers. Their parents warn them that they must find jobs within a month or else be forced out of the house. When Brennan's younger brother Derek ([[Adam Scott  comes to visit with his oddly perfect family, he too mocks them and entices Dale to punch him in the face. Brennan is awed that Dale was able to stand up to Derek. Meanwhile, Brennan's sister-in-law Alice  who is also resentful of Derek, finds Dale's courage a turn on. Brennan and Dale discover their many shared interests and develop a strong personal bond. Brennan and Dale take job interviews in which they perform very poorly by being rude to two of their potential employers as well as pointing out too many of their flaws and offending a third , when Dale passes gas for fifteen seconds. Left with few options they decide to start their own entertainment company. However, Robert and Nancy reveal their plans to retire and sail the world, forcing Brennan and Dale to find other living arrangements. Brennan and Dale sabotage attempts to sell the house. On Christmas Eve, Brennan and Dale's childish behavior has taken a toll on their parents' marriage. Making matters worse, the boys attack Robert after he tries to wake them. Angered to his limits Robert announces his intention to divorce Nancy at Christmas dinner the following day, causing Brennan and Dale to break down. Brennan and Dale blame each other for the divorce and they go their separate ways. Brennan starts working for Derek's helicopter leasing firm and Dale works for a catering company. Brennan, wanting to reunite the broken family, takes the initiative to arrange Derek's sales party, inviting Robert and Nancy. The party is a success and Brennan wins Randy's respect and approval. Robert then encourages Brennan and Dale to be their eccentric child-at-heart selves again, seeing as they are now both miserable in their "adult" lives. Brennan and Dale then take to the stage and perform "Por ti Volare." The audience is eventually moved by the performance and tensions are alleviated. After the performance, Brennan and Derek make amends. Brennan and Dale form a successful entertainment company that runs karaoke events. Six months later, Robert and Nancy are reunited and move back into their old home.