{{Plot}} While preparing to leave the forest moon of Endor, the Towani family , the Ewok village is attacked by a group of marauders  led by Terak and his witch-like sorceress Charal. Many Ewoks are killed, along with Catrine and Mace, and Jaremitt. Cindel's escape is short-lived, she is captured by Charal and placed in a prisoner carriage, where she is reunited with the ewok Wicket. The two escape and meet Teek, a small fast native of Endor. Teek takes Wicket and Cindel to the home of Noa Briqualon, a human man who is angered by their uninvited presence and throws them out. Eventually he proves himself to be a kindhearted man, letting Teek steal food for them and inviting the two in when they attempt to build a fire for warmth. At the marauders' castle, Charal is ordered by Terak to find Cindel, assuming she knows how to use "the power" in the energy cell stolen from Jaremitt. Meanwhile, Noa, Cindel, and Wicket are becoming friends. It is revealed that Noa is rebuilding his own broken Star Cruiser, only missing the energy cell. Cindel is awakened one morning by a song her mother used to sing to her. She follows the voice to find a beautiful woman singing. The woman transforms into Charal, who takes her to Terak. He orders her to activate "the power." When she cannot, she and Charal are both imprisoned with the Ewoks. Outside, Noa, Wicket, and Teek sneak into the castle, making their way to the cellblock, where they free Cindel and the other Ewoks. They escape with the energy cell. Terak, Charal, and the marauders trace them back to the ship, where Wicket leads the Ewoks in defense of the ship, and Noa installs the energy cell in his ship. The Ewoks put up a valiant effort, and are nearly beaten by the time Noa powers up the ship and uses the its laser cannons to fend off the marauders. When Cindel goes to save Wicket, she is captured by Terak, even as the other marauders retreat. Terak and Noa face off, with Noa simultaneously killing Terak and leaving Charal trapped in bird form for eterntiy. Shortly thereafter, goodbyes are said as Noa and Cindel leave the forest moon of Endor aboard Noa's starship.