{{Plot}}Jim Halsey  and Grace Andrews  are tormented by a mysterious hitchhiker who calls himself John Ryder . The couple hit the road for spring break. The hitchhiker dangerously stands on the road, near his broken down car. Jim nearly hits him and his car spins out of control. Grace insists that someone else will stop to help and they speed off. At a gas station, Jim sees the hitchhiker climb out of a tractor-trailer cab while gassing up. The hitchhiker introduces himself as John Ryder and asks for a ride. Reluctantly Jim agrees. While on the road, the hitchhiker becomes violent and holds a knife to Grace's throat. The hitchhiker tells him the only way to save himself and Grace is to say, "I want to die." Jim screams out "I don't wanna die!". He then hits the brakes hard, causing the hitchhiker to hit his head on the windshield. Jim then speeds up, kicking the hitchhiker repeatedly until Grace opens the passenger door and he is ejected. Later Jim and Grace drive down the road and see a station wagon with a couple of kids playing in the back seat. The hitchhiker appears in the back of the car, apparently having hitched a ride. Grace and Jim try to warn the family of the hitchhiker, but they are run off the road by an oncoming tractor-trailer which totals Jim's car. With no other choice after Jim's car is totalled, the couple is forced to continue on foot. They eventually find the family's station wagon on the side of the road. Both children and the mother are dead, with the father slowly dying. Hoping to find help for the dying man, the couple take the station wagon and head towards town. The hitchhiker appears, and attempts to run them off the road in a stolen truck. Jim and Grace stop at a cafe, where the father dies. Suspected of committing the murders, Jim and Grace are arrested and brought to the police station. Grace is interrogated while Jim is held in a cell. The hitchhiker shows up and kills everyone at the station except Jim and Grace, who flee on foot. Shortly after, the couple arrives at a junkyard. Grace attempts to negotiate with the lone surviving police officer from the station. When this fails, Jim and Grace order him at gunpoint to get into his car to allow them to escape and prove their innocence. However, before he can enter the car and leave to get reinforcements he is shot in the head by the hitchhiker. Another officer just arriving witnesses this and begins shooting at the couple as they attempt to escape. Despite suspecting that there might be a third suspect, Lieutenant Esteridge  sends several cruisers and a helicopter after the couple, telling his men to use any means necessary to stop them. The hitchhiker shows up in a 1979 Trans Am and helps Jim and Grace escape the police, managing to single-handedly blind shooting, take out all of the cruisers and the helicopter. Grace and Jim walk to a motel after their cruiser breaks down. After sharing a shower, Jim steps out of the room to make a phone call. He is gone for several hours and Grace falls asleep watching Alfred Hitchcock's The Birds. She is awakened by someone in the bed who is fondling her. The hitchhiker tries to rape her, but Grace manages to fight him off and hide in the bathroom with a revolver. The hitchhiker disappears as Grace searches for Jim. The motel manager sees her with a gun and calls the police. Grace finds Jim and sees that he is tied between a truck and a trailer. The hitchhiker looks in the side-view mirror and revs the engine, moving the truck a few inches. This hurts Jim and Grace runs to the cab to find the hitchhiker sitting in the driver's seat. Grace points the gun at him and tells him to stop the truck. The hitchhiker keeps hitting the gas, brutally hurting Jim. The police, who still think Grace and Jim are the killers, then show up and see Grace with the hitchhiker at gunpoint. They do not realize who is behind the torturing of Jim, who they can barely see chained to the truck. They tell her to drop the gun, but the hitchhiker tells Grace not to listen to them. The hitchhiker releases the pedal  and Jim is split in half at the waist, killing him. Grace is devastated. The hitchhiker and Grace are then apprehended by the police. The next morning, Esteridge tells the hitchhiker that he will be transported across the state. He also tells Grace, whose innocence has been proven, that the real John Ryder is missing and they do not know the true identity of this hitcher. He also informs her that he will be taking her for psychiatric care and released to her parents. The hitchhiker is bound in handcuffs with a bulletproof vest and placed in the back of a police van, with Grace and Esteridge driving behind them in an SUV. During the ride, the hitchhiker is able to break free of his restraints, kills the guard who is watching him, and shoots the policeman in the passenger seat. The driver loses control and rolls the van, taking out an oncoming car, which crashes into Esteridge's SUV. Lieutenant Esteridge's leg has been trapped in the accident. Grace takes Esteridge's gun, leaving him unarmed and helpless, and slowly makes her way to the van in which Ryder is caught. Grace opens the back door, whereupon the hitchhiker takes her gun and locks her in the back. The hitchhiker sees a pool of gasoline near the van, and shoots it, igniting the van. Grace manages to get a shotgun from the front seat of the van right before the gasoline explodes. The hitchhiker shoots Esteridge in the head and walks away. However, Grace survives the explosion and shoots the hitchhiker several times, finally killing him and ending his rampage.