Sridhar Vasudevan  is a middle-class family man employed in a bank. Sridhar is very idealistic, principled and recognises a deep sense of belonging with the society he is part of. He gets annoyed and flustered by illegal and semi legal activities happening around him. His wife persistently demands that he should be more 'flexible' and make more money, but Sridhar does not accede. He endures the illegal and semi legal activities around him because he anticipates a change in the mindsets of people. He feels that over time, they will become more honest, socially aware and willing to make small personal sacrifices for the greater good of all . Sridhar's wife Vatsala  is a typical middle-class housewife and a caring mother of two children, Varsha and Varun. Societal imperfections and related problems matter very little to her. She is more concerned about her reactive husband, thinking about ways to save him from the effects of his angry outbursts and to steer him away from his impractical thoughts and deeds. At a certain point in life, Sridhar faces a case of deceit that compels him to take action. Provoked by his deep anger and guilt, Sridhar decides to retaliate for wrongs done to him, violently if required. When charged two rupees extra for a cool drink, he picks up a cricket bat and smashes the shop. From that incident onwards, Sridhar progresses, taking the law in his own hands and tries bringing about instant changes, wherever needed. A string of incidents occur; he thrashes the Area Counseller, the insincere hospital employees, water-supplier and many more. Sridhar's anger goes beyond these incidents, targeting individuals who do not follow norms created for their own benefit. The director has presented Sridhar as a representative for every common man in today's society, who, even after seeing and going through such wrong things, tolerates them to avoid getting his settled routine disturbed. Because of his behaviour and approach, Sridhar is termed as a criminal, harmful to his fellow men. Inspector Vetri Maran  is appointed to shoot him in an arranged 'encounter'. Vetri Maran, though not of the incorruptible kind, feels bad about the police-corruption nexus. He is a good-hearted cop, and inwardly feels justified by Sridhar's approach. He comes to a quiet agreement with the young man, personally approves his action, then arranges for the 'encounter killing'. At the end Sridhar  is shot dead by the Inspector Vetri Maran .