{{plot}} Maxwell "Max" Smart , an analyst for the top secret American intelligence agency CONTROL, yearns to become a field agent like his idol, Agent 23 . Despite his amazing scores in the acceptance tests, Max is denied the promotion because the Chief  of CONTROL feels that Max's analytical skills are best used for his present assignment. When CONTROL headquarters is attacked by the terrorist organization KAOS, led by Siegfried , almost all of CONTROL's agents' identities are exposed, leaving only Max and Agent 99 , whose recent plastic surgery has protected her identity, to pursue the culprits while former field operatives are demoted to desk jobs. Max is promoted to field agent as Agent 86, but the experienced 99 is reluctant to partner him because of his clumsy personality. Before he leaves HQ, two of Max's friends from the lab give him an unusual Swiss Army Knife which not only has the standard equipment, but also comes with a flamethrower and a crossbow that fires harpoons. Max and 99 enter Russia by parachute, hoping to trace KAOS' recent acquisition of nuclear materials through its chief bomb maker, Krstic. Along the way, they are attacked by Dalip , one of Siegfried's henchman. By infiltrating a luxurious party hosted by Krstic, they trace the nuclear material to a KAOS nuclear weapons factory disguised as a Moscow bakery, but when Krstic and his men corner them, Max is forced to shot him. In the bakery, Max meets with Siegfried and his second-in-command, Shtarker, only to learn that Siegfried was expecting him because a double-agent has compromised his and 99's identities. Max manages to escape capture and bombs the weapons factory. During their escape, Max and 99 are confronted by Dalip. Realizing that he knows Dalip through hours of listening to him on spy 'chatter', Max manages to persuade Dalip to spare their lives by giving him advice on how to repair his failing marriage. The Chief sends 23 to observe the clean-up of the factory, but KAOS manages to sneak the weapons out through the Moskva River, so 23 report's that only a bakery has been destroyed. Realizing that Max was alone during his key discoveries, CONTROL believe Max to be the double-agent. 99, who has been gradually falling in love with Max, is heartbroken but takes Max into custody. CONTROL's warning is disregarded when Siegfried threatens to release nuclear weapon detonator codes to rogue states unless the United States government pays him $200&nbsp;billion. While Max is in a CONTROL holding cell, Dalip sends him a coded message via the radio show American Top 40 revealing Siegfried's plan: to detonate a nuclear device during the President's visit to a concert performed at the Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles. Max escapes from CONTROL and flies to Los Angeles to unite with the Chief, 99, and 23, who have flown out to persuade the President to take the KAOS threat seriously. Although 23 is skeptical, Max manages to convince 99 and the Chief that he is not the double-agent. As KAOS plants the nuclear bomb in the concert hall, Max's Geiger counter-equipped watch beeps when he is near 23, picking up trace elements of radiation. Max questions him as to why he would have radiation on him if he said the bakery was clean. He also points out that 23's knife wound is seeping blood, which 23 had previously said happens when his blood pressure rises, concluding that 23 is the double-agent. 23 then pulls out a gun, takes 99 hostage and flees in a vehicle. While chasing after 23, Max explains to the Chief about why can't get over the fact that 23 is a traitor while the Chief constantly warns Max of obstacles ahead. Crashing into a golf course, the car is littered with golf balls, while hitting a sand trap, a golf tractor and a snack shack. The car hit the shack, flies through the air, and lands at the fence of an airport. They then hop onto a small plane with an advertisement on its tail. Max reaches 23's car by jumping out of the plane and rescues 99, but in the struggle the car is set on fire  and forced onto railroad tracks. Max then follows 99's example during the skydive and kisses 23 to distract him. After the kiss, the car collides with a freight train and 23 is killed. Max escapes certain death, "missing it by that much". After analyzing 23's nuclear football, Max realizes that the bomb will be triggered by the final note of Beethoven's "Ode to Joy". Max, 99, and the Chief manage to reach the concert hall, and Max tackles the conductor just before the final note. Siegfried, finding that his plan has failed, tells Dalip that he will not kill his wife for his failure, though he comments that he would be doing "the sighted world a favor" if he did. In response, Dalip throws him out the car door. Max is given honors and gets his dream of becoming a real spy with agent 99 as his girlfriend. The movie ends as Max and 99 exit CONTROL headquarters through a walkway. While the doors of the walkway close, the two notice that the last door did not close. Max attempts to fix it, but it closes on him. He drops his Swiss Army knife and it fires a harpoon at his cheeks.