Good and Evil are two sides of a same coin. If good grows in strength so does evil. And there comes a point when one must overcome the other. Dr.Gayatri  is an Indian American paranormal researcher at University of California, researching the esoteric practices like voodoo, spirit possession, magic and healing powers. She seeks to find the hidden knowledge that goes into such practices, the knowledge that cannot be explained by science or logic. Her search for answers brings her with her team of fellow scientists from America to India. In India she comes across an uncommon man named Varun  who is gifted with special intuitive and healing powers which he claims to have developed through mediation. He can alter people's minds through his mental powers. He is a blend of Indian philosophy and modern culture, a master at martial arts and a devotee of Lord Hanuman who heals people by absorbing their pain, meditates, and does worshiping in day, while he works as a bouncer at a club at night. Gayatri is immediately flummoxed by Varun’s powers to take away pain and disease from people and cure them. He becomes the subject of her study. After a few experiments by Gayatri, Varun has an intuitive insight about the existence of a dark power that is hidden and evil. Many questions crop in his mind – like what is this dark force and what is its source. He knows that the force is linked to Ravana's Rudraksh, which is hidden away somewhere, unknown to the world. This is not a normal Rudraksh. It carries in its seed the powers that can transmute humans into new species. The bearer of this Rudraksh will have supernatural powers beyond imagination. In the language of science, it was a multi-dimensional hologram in the form of a seed. Meanwhile, Bhuria, a Rakshasa mentally communicates with Varun via his mind-space and offers Varun to share his power with Bhuria by becoming his brother, since either of them cannot utilize full power of the Rudraksha alone, but can do this with their powers combined. Varun, being a good person, straight-away refuses friendship with a rakshasha but Bhuria continues his attempts to join their powers and manipulate Varun. On the other side, Gayatri finds about a madman speaking some strange words which cause changes in people. Gayatri tests the effects of those sounds on a rat, and notices strange mutations and changes in functioning of the rat's body. Souzy, Gayatri's research assistant, hears those sounds directly, becomes possessed, starts working for Bhuria and tries to kill Gayatri, but Varun fights her and saves Gayatri, after which Souzy commits suicide by jumping from the top of a building. . Varun and Gayatri thus set out on a search to discover this Rudraksh, the reality of Bhuria and also find certain answers for Varun's own self. His search transforms into a perilous journey from the most rugged terrains of Himalayas to the mysterious ruins of the legendary King Ravana's palaces in Yala, Sri Lanka. He thus finds how Bhuria, a poor but wild and arrogant labor contractor in excavation team of the Rudraksha, transformed into a powerful Rakshasha & possessor of supernatural powers, that the words spoken by the madman were actually an ancient verse, a Rakshasha mantra, and that the real aim of Bhuria is to use the Rudraksha and Rakshasha mantra for spreading evil and hatred in the world, thus effectively restoring the rule of rakshashas once more. It thus, once more becomes a battle of good vs. evil, where either must overcome the other.