{{plot}}  Lynn Blodgett is in the back of a car, which is driving out of a carnival parking lot when suddenly, the car crashes into another car, and the young Lynn gets knocked out. Lynn then wakes up in the car as her adult counterpart , and sees a clown staring at her through the side door window. The clown takes off his mask, and reveals a horrible, disfigured, bloody face. Lynn screams, until she wakes up in her bed, revealing it to be a dream. Lynn Blodgett is a young woman living in the town of Baltimore, Maryland, who has a career as an artist at Craig Flinner Gallery, and house-sits for extra money. It is also revealed that she's getting a divorce with her husband Dr. Bert Tokyo . That night while she's sleeping, a clown  is outside her house with a handful balloons and what appears to be an axe in a garbage bag. The clown then continues to cross over the street. The next morning, as she's about to leave for work, she finds the cops outside questioning the neighbors and searching a house two houses down. According to one of the neighbors , and Detective Peters , the Olsen family was murdered. As she continues to work, it is revealed that the paintings she paints have almost entirely clowns in them. Due to her coulrophobia a.k.a. "Fear of Clowns", she has nightmares about terrifying clowns. And then the next day when she wakes up, she paints the clowns in her dreams and puts them up at the Gallery. That night during the art show at the gallery, she meets Tucker Reid , who buys one of her $8,000 paintings, which helps her pay for three more months of rent. Tucker takes her back to his office to show her what "he" does for a living. He reveals that his company creates roller coaster designs for major roller coaster parks. As they're about to leave, a man named Heston  pulls out a knife and threatens them to give him Lynn's wallet. When Tucker refuses to give it to him, Heston cuts him on the chest, but Tucker jumps him and the two start fighting, until Tucker finds out he has a gun. Lynn quickly picks up a rock and throws it at the building's glass doors, setting off the security alarm. Tucker and Lynn quickly take off as Heston reaches for his gun, but quickly runs off. Tucker drops Lynn off at her house, after asking her whether she wants him to stay with her or take her to a friend's house, but she declines. As she enters the house, she gets a call from her boss, Phillip , who is mad about her leaving the art show for two hours and not returning. Lynn apologizes, but hears something on at the back door, and she keeps Phillip on the line. She turns on the patio lights to reveal the clown, and Lynn faints. The Clown enters the house, but leaves when he hears Phillip on the phone. She wakes up with the police searching the house, due to Phillip calling the police after hearing Lynn collapse on the ground. The police, however, don't believe her story about a clown outside her house at 1:00 AM, and believe that she made it up as a publicity stunt. Lynn, however, thinks it was just a spook brought from being mugged earlier that night. The next day, Lynn goes to mediation, where it is revealed by Bert's lawyer  that Bert wants full custody of their son Nicholas , and he wants to Lynn to pay child support. Not only that, he wants half the ownership/price of all of her paintings, and due to the house to be in Bert's name and not hers, she cannot buy another house before the divorce and if she does, they'll pursue half of it. It is also revealed that Bert has been out of work for six months, which surprises Lynn due to him lying to her he's been busy with work all the time. Meanwhile, at work, a man named Endle Parish  asks Lynn to paint a picture of his father for $20,000. As Lynn continues to reject the offer, she decides to use the money to hire the best lawyer in town. That night, Lynn's assistant Amanda  is at home taking a shower. After taking a shower, she finds her screen window on the grass outside. Amanda reaches for her telephone, but it's gone. Amanda goes into the kitchen to get the other phone, but is gone too. Amanda turns around and sees the clown with an axe. The Clown and Amanda begin to struggle, and Amanda scratches the clown across the face. The Clown throws her on the ground and swings the axe at her head and the screen cuts to black. The next day, Tucker asks Lynn to come over for lunch, but while there, Lynn finds a bunch of magazines with her on the front cover and talking about her art, leaving Lynn to believe that Tucker is a stalker. Detective Peters comes over, and brings Lynn back to her house, revealing to her about Amanda's death. Peters explains that they recovered clown makeup and blood under Amanda's fingernails, and Peters believes Lynn's clown story, and believes that someone is trying to close in on her. Peters then hires a police officer  to stand and guard her house at all times. Meanwhile with Bert, it's revealed that he hired Heston to mug and try to kill Lynn that night because Bert put up a life insurance policy on her after he lost his job six months previously and the clown that's been stalking her is one of Tokyo's patients, whose name was Doug Richardson, who was a sex offender and a rapist. He hears voices and has Leber's congenital amaurosis, which causes the sclera of his eyes to turn completely black. The voice inside his head is that of Bert's, and is telling him to kill Lynn so he'll be cured. Shivers calls a party clown to come to Lynn's house to distract the cop guarding the house. Shivers kills the cop, but after seeing Heston watching him, he now believes that Bert lied to him and leaves. As Heston's about to kill Lynn, Tucker arrives and fights with Heston, and Lynn picks up his gun and shoots Heston in the heart. Tucker then explains to her that he's not a stalker, he's just a guy who's very intrigued by her art. Though the police find the body of the guy who tried to kill Lynn, what they don't know is that were two people trying to kill Lynn, the other person is the clown and is still on the loose. Meanwhile, the clown goes to Bert's house and kills him for betraying him. The next day, after painting the picture for Mr. Parish , Lynn goes out with Tucker to the movies. The Clown then follows them, after killing Phillip, Lynn's babysitter Julie , and the projectionists Jeff  and Bobby . The clown chases them throughout the movie theater, until they lock themselves in the projection room. Meanwhile at home, Detective Peters get a match on the blood under Amanda's fingernails, and finds out there's more than one killer. Back at the movie theater, Tucker and Lynn look out through the projection window and they see the clown holding Lynn's son Nicholas, threatening her to come down stairs to retrieve her son. Lynn goes downstairs to retrieve Nicholas, but preceded to tell Tucker a plan she has. As she goes downstairs to retrieve her son, the Clown chases Lynn up the stairs near the projection window and Tucker shines the projection light at him, blinding him. As Lynn tries to leave, she accidentally hits a plastic cut, making her pause. As the clown regains his sight, he attacks Lynn, but Tucker jumps out of nowhere and starts fighting with the clown. As the Clown's about to kill Tucker, Detective Peters arrives and arrests the Clown. Later that night while Lynn's asleep, Detective Peters calls and tells her...that the Clown escaped from prison. Lynn goes to check on Nicholas and sees the clown in his room. Lynn slowly walks back towards her bedroom until she sees Nicholas's bedroom door open and the screen cuts to black. During the ending credits, it reveals that the Clown escaping from prison was just a dream.