The morning after a violent thunderstorm, David Drayton  and his wife Stephanie  check outside to find many broken windows and their boathouse collapsed. David decides to go to the local grocery store to buy supplies, bringing his neighbor Brent Norton , and his five-year-old son, Billy . The store is crowded with people who are also recovering from the storm. The power grid has gone down, leaving the store with only a generator for the refrigeration units. A panicked man, Dan Miller  runs into the store with a bloody nose warning of something dangerous in the oncoming mist, which envelops the store making it impossible to see outside. A siege mentality starts to form. Mrs. Carmody , a religious fanatic, believes that this is the beginning of Armageddon. A visibly shaken woman, , exclaims that she must return to her children at home. She implores others for help, but eventually leaves alone. Shortly afterward, David and Billy befriend a teacher named Amanda Dumfries . David, as well as mechanics Myron  and Jim ([[William Sadler , bag-boy Norm ([[Chris Owen , and assistant manager Ollie Weeks  investigate the loading bay generator and find that the exhaust vent is plugged. Norm volunteers to go outside and unplug the vent. When the door is opened, Norm is snatched and devoured by a mass of tentacles. The group convinces most of the survivors that there are dangerous creatures outside, but Norton and a few other skeptics decide to venture outside to seek rescue. One of them volunteers to be tied to a rope so that David can measure how far they go. After disappearing into the mist, the rope is suddenly dragged, and David pulls it back to find only the man's lower body at the end of it. At night, enormous flying insects land on the windows and pterodactyl-like animals prey on them, eventually causing the glass to break. Two people are killed and one is badly burned. Mrs. Carmody is mysteriously spared by one of the insects when she prays. After the invasion, Carmody starts fire-and-brimstone preaching and quickly gains followers among the distraught survivors. David and a group of volunteers attempt to retrieve medical supplies for the burn victim from the neighboring pharmacy. The pharmacy appears to be empty, but its patrons have been ensnared in webs. David's party also discovers an American MP who has been webbed to a pillar. The MP gasps that the mist was "their fault" and begs to be freed of the webbing, but his chest is covered with large pustules which then burst into many small spiders. David's party is then attacked by dozens of otherworldly spider like monsters. Two members of David's party are killed by the acidic webbing of the spider creatures, and the surviving members flee the pharmacy with the supplies. At the store, two of the soldiers have committed suicide and the remaining soldier, Private Jessup , reveals that the local military base was filled with rumors about Project Arrowhead - an attempt to look into other dimensions, but the scientists responsible for the experiment may have inadvertently opened a doorway into a dimension containing the creatures that surround them. Jim, who since the trip to the pharmacy has thrown in with Ms. Carmody, overhears this discussion and drags Private Jessup before Mrs. Carmody, revealing that the soldiers and the Arrowhead project are responsible for their plight. Ms. Carmody whips the congregation into a killing fury, urging them to sacrifice Jessup so that the creatures will leave them alone. Jessup is repeatedly stabbed and thrown out of the store, where he is grabbed by a large crab-like creature and taken away. Fearing Mrs. Carmody's congregation, David and a handful of survivors secretly gather supplies and embrace David's earlier idea to flee. The next morning David and his group are intercepted by Mrs. Carmody, who destroys the supplies and again begins to whip her followers into a frenzy. She orders her followers to murder David and everyone in his group, but is shot and killed by Ollie, forcing her horrified followers to step aside and allow David's group to leave. While running to the car, Ollie, Myron and Cornell are killed by creatures, and Bud Brown runs back to the store and is allowed back inside. Amanda, David, Billy, Dan and Irene  make it to the car and David retrieves Ollie's gun. They drive past the store window, as Bud Brown and Mrs. Carmody's former followers watch. Driving through the mist, David returns home to find his wife dead, webbed into a corner. Heartbroken and in tears, he drives the group south, glimpsing destruction. The group encounters a gigantic tentacled beast, hundreds of feet tall, that casually strides past them. Eventually they run out of gas and pull over, disheartened that they hadn't seen any other survivors. While Billy is sleeping, the four adults discuss their fate and decide that there is no point in going on. With four bullets left in the gun and five people in the car, David shoots and kills Amanda, Dan, Irene and his son. Distraught and determined to die, David exits the vehicle in anguish. He turns towards a loud approaching rumble and out of the mist comes a self-propelled artillery vehicle, followed by a squad of soldiers equipped with NBC suits and flamethrowers killing the monsters. The mist recedes and several trucks of soldiers and survivors pass David. Among them are various people from the market and the one woman who walked out by herself and her two young children. Realizing that they were only moments from being rescued and that he just killed four people including his own son needlessly, a distraught David falls to his knees screaming while soldiers look on in confusion.