The film opens with a group of university students at a lecture. Their professor tells them, "Start-up capital is what begins everything, with it you can start a business and multiply your investment many times over. The key thing is how to get it...". As an example, she starts with a story that happened ten years ago. The movie flashes to Nizhniy Novgorod in the 90s where we meet two criminals, members of "bratva" , Simon and Sergei. These small time hoodlums are working for the local mob boss, Sergei Mikhailovich . Sergei Mikhailovich always wears a magenta colored jacket and is on his cell phone most of the time, a parody of a "New Russian". Sergei Mikhailovich wishes to "finish off" one chemist with a nickname “Doctor” , who makes drugs in his laboratory. He sends his bandits Sergei and Simon to capture him and to get the drugs. Sergei is playing a somewhat clever gangster and is in charge of most of the missions; Simon is just a killer. Unfortunately, they get into a trap and end up killing the “Doctor”. Sergei Mikhailovich is very mad with their performance but gives them another chance to straighten up. He wants them to visit one of his partners, the Lawyer  and exchange a suitcase of money for a suitcase of drugs. However, they end up failing the task as another main character, a policeman Stepan  knows about the deal and wants to steal the money. Stepan the policeman sets up two attempts with two trios of bandits to make sure he gets the money, each of which he calls "morons". The policeman’s first trio end up stealing the case with drugs, instead of the case filled with money and head back to their safehouse. Sergei Mikhailovich orders his bandits to extract knowledge of the whereabouts of the drugs from Stepan and to bring back the suitcase containing them. Simon brutally tortures Stepan, gets all the information about the other band and eventually kills him. Sergei and Simon go out to hunt the policeman’s men and to find the missing suitcase. They head to some apartments and find one of the three men, Baklazhan . While Simon tortures him in order to find out where they hid the suitcase, the second trio show up. Sergei and Simon kill this trio after questioning them where the heroin is and receive no answers. Eventually the other two bandits of the first set of "morons" show up and after cave in to Simon's torture and Sergei's questioning, telling them the suitcase in the oven. In order to kill them, Sergei offers all three men  to play "Russian roulette". The first two bandits die at the hands of the game, but before Baklazhanend can play he shoots Sergei in the stomach and Simon shoots him. While Sergei is getting help from Simon’s college buddy , Simon finds Sergei’s folder with a metal sheet inside of it, realizing that Sergei is a coward and that he would never play the real Russian roulette. Sergei realises he now has "capital", in the form of heroin. He and Simon know that Sergei Mikhailovich will not forgive them for the failure once again so they both go to  Moscow with the suitcase of drugs. In 2005, Sergei and Simon are politicians in Russia. Sergei Mikhalovich works for them as a security guard. The film concludes with Simon realising aloud to Sergei of how their present positions and their acquisition of the heroin are linked.