Officer Frank Dooley  of the LAPD is framed for the theft of a television set by two corrupt detectives. He is dismissed from the force, but escapes criminal punishment at his day in court. The next case features hapless defense attorney Norman Kane  attempting to defend a white supremacist leader, who threatens him with death should Kane fail to keep him out of prison. A fearful Kane reveals his ineptitude to the judge , who agrees to give the criminal an especially long sentence in exchange for Kane immediately leaving law behind. Dooley and Kane both apply for work at Guard Dog Security, a low-rent firm run by the gruff Clarence O'Connell ([[Kenneth McMillan  and part of a security guard's union requiring heavy contributions that is represented by Klepper  and Lazarus . Becoming licensed security guards after a single afternoon of training, the pair are made partners by supervisor Maggie  and assigned to night duty at a pharmaceutical company's warehouse. After being loudly ordered to take a lunch break by senior guard Bruno , they happen upon an armed robbery of the warehouse and prove no match for the thieves. The next day, the pair are berated and fined $100 each by O'Connell, leaving them suspicious of the company. They attend a meeting of the union, where Kane pointedly questions union president Michael Carlino  about how the union dues are spent following Carlino's rejection of his grievance against Guard Dog. Over the next few days, Dooley and Kane find themselves assigned to work at a landfill and a toxic waste dump. Convinced something illegal is afoot, the pair track down Bruno at his gym and interrogate him. Bruno states that it was O'Connell who had him order them to lunch the night of the robbery. They bring their suspicions to Maggie, O'Connell's daughter, but she rejects them as having no evidence to back them up. The pair next attend a party thrown by Carlino in hopes of gathering some evidence. Eavesdropping on a meeting between Carlino and union treasurer Lou Brackman , they learn of Carlino's use of the pension fund to finance dealings with a Colombian drug cartel and his plans to have the money robbed from an armored car and then have insurance cover the loss. Dooley and Kane prove too late to save Brackman from being murdered by Klepper and Lazarus to keep him from talking and find themselves framed for his death. After a night spent evading pursuers, the pair make plans with a now receptive Maggie to prevent the armored car robbery. Kane and Maggie take over driving the truck, while Dooley will meet them ahead of the would-be robbers. Dooley has problems with his motorcycle and is forced to hitch a ride with The Cowboy , a wild trucker who eagerly disobeys traffic laws. Meanwhile, Kane and Maggie must avoid assaults from multiple cars attempting to hold them up. With The Cowboy's help, Dooley is able to arrive in time to save the armored car from a guided missile strike and foil a final attack from Klepper and Lazarus. O'Connell, no longer willing to abide the scheme, arrives having captured Carlino and several of his associates. The criminals are arrested and Dooley is invited back to the police force, along with a reluctant Kane.