The operational conditions on the boundless open spaces of the Far-Northern Galaxy have rapidly become complicated. On secret planets, persons of unknown nationality  have set up manufacture of illegal alcohol on a galactic scale and are preparing an act of aggression against the peaceful planet Marabu. To carry out a series of covert search missions the command sends two jedi - experienced workers of the Special Hare Krishna sect. As their first step in solving the problem, the jedi land on a space-station of the alcohol pirates to investigate, but they are ambushed and forced to battle their way out through various silly robots and kolobkis . By the time the heroes escape from the space-station and reach the capital with the help of a local Chukchi rapper, the angry bourgeois occupy the peaceful planet. The jedi rescue the queen Zadolbala and escape on a stolen pepelats . During their escape, the spacecraft is damaged and heroically fixed in-flight by Vedroid  model E2-E4, and are forced to make a landing on the planet Babooine . While visiting the store of a local Jewish Mossad trader, the jedi and the rapper meet a local boy, Anykey Skovorodker  whose father was also rumored to be a jedi. To aid his father's coworkers, Anykey takes part in the Crazy Taxi Races, , during which he is nearly beaten by Grytsko Schumacher. On Babooin, the jedi also fight Javded (a strange man with red skin and small horns, who attacked the jedi after not being satisfied by them not wearing any hats. After failing to sway the politicians of the galactic Duma , the queen of Marabu develops a plan for operation "Storm in a Glass" . Two divisions of underwater deer-herders, hidden in a fighter Anykey - everything sets up against the provisional government of bourgeois and their army of electronic dummies. During one of the fights, the jedi once again meet with the "red unmannered man" who attacks them once again  for not wearing any hats. He is behalved and his lower half of the body  are identified, while it is a mystery to whom the other half belongs. Only in the "God's Spark" version of the film does it become clear who is Anykey's real father - it is Pogon, who admits to have "known"  Anykey's mother, and later openly explains that Anykey is his only son.