The title character is businesswoman Elizabeth "Ebbie" Scrooge, played by Lucci. Ebbie has never appreciated Christmas, and has been rotten to the holidays. She doesn't give to the needy, doesn't care about her employees at Dobson's , and most of all, she works on Christmas. One night, the ghost of her partner, Jake Marley , haunts her. She is soon brought to him and the Ghosts of Christmas Past  show her the Christmases she has celebrated. They take her to a very significant Christmas when her sister Francine  died after nearly miscarrying her niece due to toxemia of pregnancy . It is also the Christmas she met her soon-to-be boyfriend Paul . They show her many other Christmases, including another grim one when Paul leaves her for caring more about her job than them as a couple, when she and Marley take over Dobson's, and finally, the previous year, when Jake Marley died. The Ghost of Christmas Present  shows her the life of her co-worker, Roberta Cratchet , and her son, Tiny Tim . Next, she sees the party that she is invited to every year by her niece , but has always declined; the guests toast Ebbie, but her niece does not drink to her. She sees Paul and his wife, and homeless children she has shunned, while the ghost shoves all of her bad words back at her. Then, the Ghost of Christmas Future shows her many terrible futures, including one where Tiny Tim dies, one where Dobson's is shut down, and one where she herself dies and nobody comes to see her. After the experience, Ebbie becomes a better person. She is shown the next morning, where she bids good morning to the doorman, and he is surprised. She also orders a large turkey for the Cratchets, donates money for the poor children, buys a coat for a homeless woman  and offers her a job, gives Rita a raise, gives a better job to Roberta, and finally attends the party her niece has been inviting her to, where she learns that the reason her niece didn't drink the toast to Ebbie is because she's pregnant. The movie ends with Ebbie at the Cratchets' house, eating dinner with them.