Priam Farll  is a famous English painter and recluse who has been living in various isolated places around the world with only his valet of 25 years, Henry Leek , for company. In 1905, Farll reluctantly travels to London to be knighted. Upon their return, however, Leek becomes very ill. Farll summons Dr. Caswell , but Leek succumbs to double pneumonia. The doctor mistakenly assumes it is Farll who has died, and the publicity-hating artist is only too glad to assume Leek's identity. When the king  himself shows up to pay his respects, Farll learns that the body is to buried at Westminster Abbey. Trying to end the masquerade, he only manages to convince his sole relative , a cousin he has not seen since childhood, that he is a lunatic. Farll sneaks into the state funeral, but is ejected for weeping and is only saved from arrest by the arrival of Alice Chalice , a widow with whom Leek had been corresponding. It turns out that Alice had applied to a marriage bureau and had been put in touch with Leek. Since the photograph she was given shows both Leek and Farll, she too assumes that Farll is Leek. Impressed by her cheerful nature, combined with her practicality and quick thinking, he marries her and settles in Alice's comfortably large home in Putney. They are happy together. One day, Leek's wife, Sara , and three adult sons show up to reclaim their father. Farll is unable to convince her that he is not Henry Leek without giving away his true identity to his wife. Once more, Alice saves her husband through quick thinking, pointing out that the Leeks will be disgraced by having a bigamist as a father and husband. The Leeks hastily depart. Alice herself does not care that her husband may be a bigamist. When Alice's stock dividends are unexpectedly cut off, Farll tries to calm her worries about her mortgage by telling her that he can sell his paintings for thousands of pounds. When Alice remains unconvinced, he takes her to an art dealer to prove it, only to have the man offer him £15 for his work. Farll is outraged and leaves. Later, however, Alice reconsiders and starts selling his paintings without his knowledge. Clive Oxford , Farll's art dealer, recognizes Farll's work, buys the paintings cheaply, and resells them for an enormous profit. One frequent buyer, Lady Vale , learns that her most recent purchase shows an omnibus that only went into service after Farll supposedly died, and takes Oxford to court for fraud. Oxford is certain Farll is still alive, tracks him down, and summons him to the trial. Farll loathes both parties and refuses to cooperate when he is on the stand. Oxford's solicitor, Mr. Pennington , gets Farll's cousin testifies that he has two moles on his upper left chest. Farll refuses to open his shirt, but Alice does it for him, proving his true identity. Farll and Alice move to where he can paint in blissful seclusion.