Devon Thompson  and Gabby Davis  are the ultimate fans of the band 5 Leo Rise . When energy drink Shift sponsors a free 5 Leo Rise concert for the high school that collects the most bottle labels, Devon and Gabby deliver with a frenzy that only star-struck fans can. When the labels are destroyed in an accidental fire caused by Devon when she was holding a lit sparkler, dreams of the concert are dashed not only for Gabby and Devon, but also for their entire school. Desperate to see their idols on their home turf and not to be social outcasts for the remainder of high school, the two friends take matters of delivering the band into their own hands. They decide to kidnap the band with the help of Lincoln  and Pete . They manage to kidnap four members of 5 Leo Rise and they let go one, but the other one agrees to play at their school. Ritchie  is not up for it, so they decide to throw eggs at him and get Devon to dress up as the Velvet Raven  to convince Ritchie to play. He finally confesses that he lip syncs because he has stage fright. Gabby comes up with an idea to help him sing in front of a crowd by getting them to dress up in really funny costumes. He does not succeed because of Lincoln's actions and storms off to Devon’s basement. He starts playing the song on the guitar and sings as well, but he doesn’t know Devon is standing there. He plucks up the courage to sing in front of Devon and then kisses her when suddenly Lincoln and Gabby walk in to tell Devon that they are in big trouble and then Gabby storms off. Lincoln kidnaps Ritchie because he kissed Devon. Gabby decides to get her stuff and leave, but she gets even with Devon by kissing Mason. Devon makes Lincoln get Ritchie back and then they decide to play at the school. Gabby stands up to Kira  and the whole school is impressed. The band and Devon turn up at the school and they play for them. Ritchie manages to sing in front of a crowd proudly. The girls are happy and don’t know what to do when the concert is all over. Devon's sister, Danielle , runs off with Scooter and the rest of the band.