For years, Khalid Bin Jamal has ruled the Mumbai crime underworld by staying in Bangkok, Thailand. Despite his distance from Mumbai, Khalid is able to control his Mumbai empire through keeping his the ruling members of his network very close to him. He is also ruthless and shows no hesitation to his enemies. The Indian police has been trying for years to extradite Khalid to India but in vain. Suryakant has been on the police force a few years and has been keeping track of Khalid's activities. He makes up his mind to put an end to Khalid's criminal empire and bring Khalid himself to justice. To do so, he starts carrying out encounters against Jamal's henchmen. Over the course of a few weeks, Khalid's network suffers as his men are simply killed in encounters and raids by Suryakant. Suryakant's dialogue is very famous he said in the movie "lakho carore me koi leta hai RISK". Khalid becomes increasingly alarmed but comes up with a counter-plan. He arranges for one of his leading associates, the politician Devki Wardhan, to be attacked while Suryakant is arresting her. Her opponent, the home minister A.R. Sarang , has been known to be in favour with Suryakant and is blackmailed by Khalid into opening fire on Devki Wardhan. This implicates Suryakant as being an accomplice of trying to murder Devki Wardhan. Soon, a string of allegations that include taking bribes from different crime lords, is formed against Suryakant. His plan to capture Khalid with bold moves thus backfires because of Khalid's premediated scheme. In jail, Suryakant receives messages from Khalid. His image tarnished, Suryakant is offered his police officer position by Khalid as long as he does his bidding. He is also handsomely rewarded. Suryakant starts working energetically for Khalid and wipes out Khalid's enemies. Arbaaz , Khalid's brother, travels to India to personally deal with Khalid's sworn enemy, S.P. Naidu. Naidu is killed by Arbaaz but suddenly Suryakant reveals his true colours by killing Arbaaz and home minister Sarong and making it seem like Arbaaz had murdered Sarong. The supposed death of a home minister at the hands of Khalid's brother is enough to have him extradited to Mumbai for trial. However, despite all of Suryakant's painstaking uncovering of Khalid's illicit activities, the Indian police cannot make a firm case against him. Khalid is sure he will leave India in a day but before doing so, wants retribution for Arbaaz's death and orders his men to dispose of Suryakant's comrades on the police force. Before Suryakant has a chance to find out about the murders, Khalid himself tells him about them. He also tells Suryakant he will go free despite all he has done. Suryakant is shocked by this truth and decides the only choice he has is to eliminate Khalid Bin Jamal. In a climactic ending, Suryakant storms the heavily guarded jail where Jamal is being held and manages to kill him. Probably mortally wounded, the last thing Suryakant sees is Khalid's lifeless body. He smiles and the movie ends.