Acchanniah lives with his wife and his widowed daughter in law in a remote village in Karnataka. His granddaughter Rajalakshmi is in a distant city completing her studies. Acchanniah learns from a friend that a boy in a distant village claims that he was the son of Acchanniah in his previous birth. Achannaiah dismisses the information as baseless. But his ailing wife believes or rather chooses to believe that her son who died twenty years ago has indeed come back. Acchanniah sets out to meet the boy. The boy is about twenty years old and provides some information regarding his previous birth which tallies with or rather appears to tally with his previous birth. Acchanniah brings home this boy whose name is Vishwa. Acchannaih's wife realises a new purpose in living and accepts this stranger as her son. But it is Venkatalakshmi, Acchanniah's daughter in law who finds it difficult to accept some stranger as her long lost husband. After some initial resistance, Venkatalakshmi realises that this is indeed an opportunity to attain all that she is restrained from. Her desires emerge again and she accepts the boy as her husband. It is here that problems start. The society which forced her to believe its her husband does not approve of Venkatalakshmi accepting the man as her husband and living with him. Rajalakshmi swears that this stranger who is her age is not her father. She tries to convince her mother to come out of such a delusion but to no avail. Acchanniah and his wife Nagalakshmi are shocked to hear that Venkatalakshmi is pregnant with Vishwa's child. Matter complicate and Acchanniah is humiliated in the public by his fellow Brahmins. Venkatalakshmi sensing the intensity of the situation decides to leave the village and live in a god-forsaken place with Vishwa. She has a hard life trying to manage ends meet. Vishwa is an eccentric young man and keeping him in control is not easy. To worsen things, Vishwa is attracted to Sukri, a girl from the worker class. Nagalakshmi dies unable to digest these bizarre happenings. Rajalakshmi decides to seek the help of the court to get her mother back. They file a false complaint on Vishwa. Aware of the family's sinister motives, Vishwa refuses to return to Venkatalakshmi. Meanwhile, a daughter is born to Venkatalakshmi. The court announces Vishwa guilty and he is sent to two years rigorous imprisonment. But Venkatalakshmi declares that she will wait for Vishwa to be released although she is certain that he will not return to her. She tells her daughter that she never believed that Vishwa was her husband reincarnate.