John Farley  is a successful self-help author who returns to his hometown in Nebraska to receive an award. Farley arrives at home and learns that his widowed mother Beverly  is dating his former gym teacher Jasper Woodcock . Farley disapproves of the relationship because he remembers Woodcock as an abusive bully. Woodcock and Beverly become engaged and the majority of the film centers on Farley's attempts to convince his mother to break off the relationship. Farley becomes increasingly obsessed with beating Woodcock at various competitions and with proving that Woodcock is not a suitable mate for Beverly. Farley's antics are so over-the-top and childish that his new love interest Tracy , a former classmate, refuses to see him again. Farley is set to receive his award at the same ceremony where Woodcock will be presented with an award for "Educator of the Year." Woodcock receives his award first and is praised by numerous members of the community for being a great teacher and influence on children. Farley is incredulous and devotes his acceptance speech to explaining why Woodcock is an "asshole." Woodcock and various crowd members refute Farley's points, and Woodcock then challenges Farley to a fight. Beverly witnesses this and breaks up with Woodcock. The next day, Farley has a heart-to-heart conversation with his mother, who tells him that he is self-centered and has always sabotaged her relationships with men. Farley realizes she is correct and attempts to apologize to Woodcock. The two have a final cathartic fight, which leads to Woodcock suffering a concussion. Farley and Beverly visit Woodcock in the hospital and all three seemingly make peace. Farley declares that the key to life is not "getting past your past" but instead learning to embrace your past. He opines that Woodcock's rough treatment in gym class helped him become the man he is today. The film ends with several short scenes cut into the final credits. These scenes reveal that Woodcock and Beverly got married, Farley was reunited with Tracy, and Farley wrote a second book entitled Backbone: The Definite Guide to Self Confidence.