In late 1941, Captain Rick Leland  is court-martialled and discharged from the U.S. Coast Artillery after he is caught stealing. He tries to join the Canadian Army, but is coldly rebuffed. He subsequently boards a Japanese ship, the Genoa Maru, in Halifax to make his way to China via the Panama Canal to fight for Chiang Kai-shek. On board, he meets Canadian Alberta Marlow  and Dr. Lorenz , a professor of sociology who makes no secret of his admiration of the Japanese and is thus not popular in the Philippines, where he resides. Leland, in his turn, makes it clear to Lorenz that he has no loyalty toward his country and would fight for anyone willing to pay him. During a stop in New York, Leland reports to Colonel Hart , an undercover intelligence officer. Lorenz is a known enemy spy, but Hart and Leland are uncertain about Marlow. Upon returning to the ship, Leland surprises a Filipino man  who is about to shoot Lorenz, thus gaining Lorenz's confidence. Second-generation Japanese-American Joe Totsuiko  embarks as a passenger.  As they arrive in Panama, the captain announces that the ship has been denied passage through the strategically vital canal and will be forced to take a long detour around Cape Horn. Leland, Marlow and Lorenz disembark to wait for another ship. Several crates are unloaded addressed to a Dan Morton at the Bountiful plantation. Lorenz asks Leland, who was once stationed in the area, to procure up-to-date schedules for the American planes that patrol the canal. Leland meets with his local contact, A.V. Smith , and convinces him to provide the real schedules, as Lorenz could easily find out if he were given fake ones. The date is December 6, 1941 - the eve of the attack on Pearl Harbor. Having delivered the schedules after haggling with Lorenz over their price, Leland is knocked out. He wakes up several hours later and finds out that both Lorenz and Marlow have left the hotel. He immediately calls Smith and warns him to change the patrol schedule, then heads out to the Bountiful plantation, where he sees a torpedo bomber being prepared. He is caught, however, and brought inside to Lorenz, Marlow, and Totsuiko. Marlow turns out to be the daughter of the plantation's owner, Dan Morton , a drunk whose weakness is being exploited by the spy ring to provide a base for its activities. To Leland's relief, Marlow's only stake in the affair is concern for her father. Lorenz reveals that they killed Smith before he could have the schedule changed and that they are planning to torpedo the Panama Canal Locks. At the last minute, Leland overpowers Totsuiko . Leland takes over a machine gun and shoots down the bomber aircraft, piloted by no less than an Imperial Japanese prince, as it tries to take off. Leland dispatches Lorenz's men in the ensuing firefight. At the end, a defeated Lorenz tries to commit seppuku, but his nerve fails him and he begs Leland to shoot him. Leland refuses, as Lorenz has "an appointment with Army intelligence".