The credits roll over a stylised music shop. The names of cast and crew and title of the feature are superimposed over the various instruments and instrument cases. The scene then cuts to an owl, who rushes to a schoolhouse full of bird children as a drumroll is played on a snare. A brief musical section introduces us to "the subject for today": the study of musical instruments. The owl explains to the class  that all music originates from four core sounds: toot , whistle , plunk  and boom .  The film then jumps to a group of cavemen, each of whom have discovered the nuclear form of one of the above sounds. We begin with a portly caveman who has discovered that blowing through a cow's horn produces a pleasing "toot". We advance to ancient Egypt in 2000 BC, where the caveman discovers that metal horns produce even better sounds. He celebrates by breaking into a two-note jazz solo as Egyptian characters painted on the walls boogie down. We return to the owl, who explains that making a trumpet longer made its tone lower. We then visit a Roman trumpeter who crashes into a column and bends his horn into a grotesque shape... however, he soon discovers that despite this change in form, the trumpet does not sound any different: it is possible to change the horn's shape without changing the pitch. However, as the owl explains, this horn can only produce certain notes; in order to get all of the notes required for even a simple tune, you would need four horns of different lengths. But if we create a horn with valves, we can effectively have four horns in one, and this fact is celebrated with another jazz solo.  We return to the cavemen, where the next one is trying to impress his "cavegirl" by blowing on a tube of grass; he further discovers that adding holes to the tube allows him to modify the sound in interesting ways . The cavegirl is impressed, but then a rival caveman appears, bonks the cavegirl on the head with his club, and drags her off by the hair . The owl explains that this system of holes is the basis for every woodwind instrument, including the clarinet and the saxophone.  The next caveman has discovered that plucking on his bow produces a pleasant sound. An offscreen choir explains  how to create a simple harp by adding a resonator, some extra strings and tuning pegs, and rearranging it all . The owl mentions that you can either pluck the harp, or play it with a bow. We then briefly visit several periods in history, where we see several string instruments being played in similar fashion, and finish with a string quartet.  The final caveman beats on his chest to produce a "boom", and hits other parts of his body and his club for other sounds. The owl escorts us through history and explains how a variety of percussion instruments emerged from this basic theory, ranging from rattles to complex drum kits and even the bass drums of marching bands.  The chorus recaps that all music, from the banjo to Latin percussion to "music oriental" to a grand symphony, emerges from the four nuclear sounds.