Ricardo Guglielmini is the mayor of Colonia Vela, a small countryside village in an undisclosed province of central Argentina. He plots with the local Peronist political boss, Héctor Suprino, and union leader Reinaldo to get the deputy mayor Ignacio Fuentes out of power due to his increasing popularity , despite Fuentes being an avid peronist and having once worked under Juan Domingo Perón himself. Fuentes is told that he has to fire his assistant Mateo because of his Marxist sympathies. Fuentes, despite disagreeing with Marxist ideals himself, refuses because of his absolute stance against caving in to political pressure. Taking advantage fo this, Guglilemini publically accuses Fuentes of aiding communist guerillas as an excuse to fire him or get him to resign. Fuentes, rather than cave in to the pressure, takes to arms and then barricades himself in the town hall along with his allies and friends; Mateo, Corporal García, Juan, Rodrigo, Moyito and Crazy Ceres. Guglielmini orders police intervention, which leads to a massive stand-off between the local police force and Fuentes' men. The counter-Fuentes operation, led by Chief Llanos and Sub-Chief Rossi, initially only consists of attempting to threaten Fuentes into surrendering but soon evolves into a real shootout when members of the Argentine Anticommunist Alliance , led by Rogelio Almeido, show up and intervene. During the shootout with the AAA, Moyito is killed and several police officers are wounded, which leads to a temporary ceasefire and a deadlock. Juan sneaks out through the back to look for the local crop duster pilot, Cerviño, in order to convince him to help Fuentes by conducting an aerial attack as a distraction so he can sneak more ammo and explosives round the back. As night falls, a group of delusional local communist guerrilla youths led by Matilda Gómez gather in an abandoned warehouse and make a completely unrealistic and blatantly flawed plan to use the conflict as a means to start a civil war in Argentina, take over the government and convert the country into a communist state. They start out by kidnapping Chief Llanos and hold him for a ransom of several tons of explosives and weaponry. Not wanting to give more resources to the communists, Guglielmini abandons Llanos and declares Rossi the new police chief. Rossi leads a new attack on Fuentes, this time using bulldozers as cover to advance on the town hall. Rodrigo and Crazy Ceres are killed during this attack and Fuentes, García and Mateo are barely saved because Cerviño arrives in the nick of time and sprays pesticides all over the police with his plane, causing them to temporarily disperse. The guerrilla attacks the local union with a pipe bomb, killing Reinaldo, which prompts the AAA agents to abandon the fight against Fuentes and instead attempt to kill the guerrilla troopers. Famed local Radical former senator Prudencio Gúzman attempts to negotiate with the communists for Llanos' release, but the peace talks fall through and Llanos is ultimately executed. The police regroup again and prepare for a third attack. In order to buy some time and distract Rossi, Mateo turns himself in while Fuentes, García and Juan prepare a bomb with the explosives the latter had previously brought in. The police attack continues and when they enter the town hall, the bomb goes off, killing several police officers and giving Fuentes, García and Juan enough time to escape round the back. In retaliation for the bomb, Almeido kills Mateo. While escaping, Fuentes and García are captured and taken to a local school to be tortured and imprisoned. Juan escapes and is eventually found by the guerrilas, who promise to help free Fuentes and García if Juan later shows them where he keeps his explosives stash. Juan convinces Cerviño to cause one more diversion with his plane, this time dropping manure on the police and while the police are distracted, Juan and Matilda bust García free. However, due to AAA reinforcments, Juan and Matilda are forced to escape with García alone...leaving Fuentes behind. The AAA and the communists face off in a mass shootout inside the school, which ends with most people on both sides dead. Cerviño and his plane are followed by one of the few surviving AAA members, who shoots him when he lands. While fleeing from the shootout at the school, Matilda and the other three surviving guerrillas get blown up by Almeido, who finishes them off in a suicide bombing. Suprino severely beats Fuentes and then Guglielmini tries to talk him into taking the blame for the whole ordeal. When he refuses, Guglielmini and Suprino leave while Rossi executes Fuentes. While leaving town, Suprino realizes Guglielmini plans to frame him for the whole incident and runs him over with his truck before escaping the country. When morning finally dawns, García and Juan go to Cerviño's house, where they find him wounded but still alive. They tell him that Fuentes won the battle to comfort him in his dying moments. Cerviño makes them promise to tell Perón about him if he ever returns, after which he dies. After burying Cerviño, Juan and García begin to head into the countryside while discussing the many ways they could convince Perón to return. The song "Mi Buenos Aires Querido" begins to play as the credits start rolling.