It is just before dawn in Seattle. A man dons dark glasses and gloves and loads a 9&nbsp;mm. silenced automatic handgun. He then drives into town where he shoots a policeman  on his beat, then drives to a police impound yard and shoots the officer on duty. He then waits at a luncheonette; as he washes his hands he momentarily flashes his police badge, for it is Detective Sgt. Stan Boyle ([[William Bryant  of the Seattle Police Department. When a car pulls up Boyle gives the driver a satchel containing the 9&nbsp;mm. and proceeds to his own car – but is shot in the back, by this same driver, who was suppose to be merely getting rid of the murder weapon. The Police Department, and the head of the investigation of the two killings, Captain Edward Kosterman , believe the shootings are the work of street militants; and Kosterman orders an immediate dragnet. Apparently unrelated ; and, at about the same time: Detective Lieutenant Lon  McHugh , barely escapes an attempt on his life, by a professional hitman; Patty Samuels. McQ had been awakened just minutes before his attempted killing, by a phone call to him on his boat, telling him of his longtime partner's murder, along with the two other police officers. Because he and Boyle had been investigating drug trafficking in the city; McQ is convinced from the start, that the target of their investigation, local shipping magnate Manny Santiago , a known drug dealer, is responsible for the attack on both he, and his partner. Despite a warning from Cpt. Kosterman to leave the investigation of the murders and the attempt on his life to the Department, McQ, after seeing and talking with Boyle's wife Lois ;, believes that the first thing he should do is to start tailing Santiago. While doing this, he sees a news report that Boyle has died of his injuries, he rages after Santiago and beats him viciously in a mens room. When ordered confined to desk duty by the Chief of Police and Kosterman, McQ angrily resigns, despite pleading from his friend, and fellow detective Franklyn Toms . Continuing to investigate the case privately through a partnership with local PI "Pinky" Farrell , McQ learns that Santiago has assembled major heist team to steal the confiscated heroin and cocaine from the police department's evidence vault. The drugs are normally held by the department until turned over to the State Attorney General's Office for disposal; secretly at the conclusion of their use as evidence in trials and appeals. McQ pursues Santiago's men but they escape. After getting a far harsher warning from the increasingly exasperated Kosterman, McQ acquires for himself an Ingram submachine gun. But when he presses his investigation, McQ uncovers deep corruption within the department itself. McQ learns from Santiago that the "drugs" he  allegedly has successfully stolen; are really only powdered sugar. The real drugs, from hundreds of both major and minor cases and investigations has been carefully; and, over a period of years, replaced with powdered sugar. Obviously, this switch, immense in both scale and scope, could not have been done, without massive cooperation throughout the department. McQ also realizes that Santiago was not responsible for Stan Boyle's death. McQ's investigation then leads to the shooting of one of his sources, bartender Myra , and an attempt on McQ's life again, where his car is crushed between two huge trucks. McQ escapes, but when he reexamines the wreckage he finally discovers who is behind the killings of Boyle and two other officers, and also who is behind the theft of drugs from the police, leading to a climactic chase and shootout along a beach with Santiago and his men.