Anna  cannot bring herself to tell her professional magician husband, Phroso , that she is leaving him. Her lover, Crane , informs Phroso that he is taking Anna to Africa, shoving the distraught husband away so forcefully that he falls over a railing and is crippled, losing the use of his legs. After a year, Phroso learns that Anna has returned. He finds his wife dead in a church, with a baby beside her. He swears to avenge himself on both Crane and the child. Eighteen years later, Phroso rules a small outpost inhabited by Doc , Babe , Tiny  and native Bumbu  in the African jungle. Through his magic tricks, he dominates the local tribe. He has his men steal ivory repeatedly from Crane by having Tiny dress up as an evil voodoo spirit to frighten away Crane's porters. Meanwhile, Phroso sends Babe to bring back blonde Maizie  from the "lowest dive in Zanzibar", where Phroso has had her raised. She is told only that she will finally meet her father. When she arrives, Phroso denies being Maisie's father , but refuses to tell her why she has been brought there and treats her with undisguised hatred. The first night, she witnesses a gruesome tribal custom: when a man dies, his wife or daughter is burned alive on his funeral pyre. As the days go by, Maizie gradually wins the perpetually drunk Doc's heart. However, Phroso turns her into an alcoholic. Phroso sends word to Crane where he can find the robber of his ivory. When Crane shows up, Phroso tells Crane that Maizie is his daughter. To Phroso's surprise, Crane breaks out in laughter. He informs Phroso that Anna never went with him, because she hated him for paralyzing her husband. Maizie is actually Phroso's child. Before he can absorb the news, the next step of his plan unfolds; the natives shoot and kill Crane. Phroso uses a magic trick to try to save Maizie from burning. With the natives watching, he puts her in a wooden box with a secret exit and closes it. When he reopens it, there is a skeleton inside. Meanwhile, Doc, Maizie and the others flee by boat. However, the natives do not believe Phroso's claim that an evil spirit has taken Maizie. The screen fades to black as the natives close in on Phroso. Later, a native fishes a medallion out of a bonfire, the same medallion that had hung around Phroso's neck.