London gangster Willie Parker gives evidence against his criminal compatriots in return for a very generous offer from police. Ten years later, Parker lives in comfortable retirement in Spain until four Spanish youths kidnap him and deliver him to two hitmen hired by the kingpin that Parker helped put away. The youths are then killed in car explosion caused by a briefcase handed them by Braddock, pretending that it contains their payoff money. Braddock is a world weary professional killer, while Myron  is his hot-blooded apprentice. Parker quickly adopts a carefree demeanor, claiming that he's had ten years to accept death as a simple part of life. He follows the pair of hitmen to a safe house in Madrid, where they are surprised to find Harry, an Australian gangster, squatting there with his young Spanish girlfriend Maggie. Parker intentionally reveals his identity to Harry, ultimately forcing the hitmen to kill Harry and kidnap Maggie. The group heads toward the French border intending to reach Paris, where the kingpin against whom Parker testified is waiting for his arrival. All the while, Parker sows discord between the two hitmen, causing a number of violent incidents that keep the police hot on their trail. Fernando Rey as the investigating police inspector trails ineffectually in the wake of the criminals. Myron is laughed at by some men in a roadside bar where he is ordering beers, and beats them up. Myron has developed a fondness for Maggie and begins protecting her from Braddock, who has several violent confrontations with her behind Myron's back. During the night, Braddock takes Maggie with him to get petrol for the car. Maggie tries to alert the station attendant to her plight, resulting in Braddock shooting the attendant dead. They return to the other two to find Myron has fallen asleep and allowed Parker to slip away. Braddock finds him gazing at a waterfall. Braddock tracks him down and confronts him about his lack of concern over his impending mortality. Parker reminds Braddock that death is inevitable for all, even Braddock himself. Parker quotes John Donne's poem "Death be Not Proud" to bolster his argument. The next day, Braddock drives to an isolated hillside and announces that he's scrapped the plans to go to Paris. Suddenly afraid, Parker insists that he can't die until he goes to Paris. Braddock levels a pistol at him and shoots him in the back as he tries to flee. He then turns the pistol on Myron and kills him. Maggie surprises him, and they wrestle over the gun. During the struggle, Braddock fires the last shot into the air and knocks Maggie unconscious. Without bullets, he leaves Maggie alive and flees into the wilderness. The police soon locate Maggie and the two bodies. As Braddock attempts to cross the Spanish-French border, Maggie identifies him to the police, who fatally shoot him as he runs. The police attempt to question the dying Braddock, but he only winks at Maggie before he dies. There is a noticeable continuity fault in the scene where Maggie bites Braddock on the hand. Although in the shot after she bites him she has blood on her teeth, after the camera cuts to Braddock and returns to Maggie, the blood on her teeth is gone.