U.S. Army Staff Sergeant Brandon King  leads a squad stationed in Tikrit during the Iraq War. While on duty at a checkpoint, the squad hears gunshots, after which a car speeds past filled with insurgents, one of whom fires an AK-47 at them. King's men jump into their Humvees and follow the insurgents, following them into an alley. When the soldiers get out of their vehicles, the Iraqis shoot at them from rooftops. As the firefight ensues, an RPG is discharged, destroying one of the humvees, while killing three soldiers inside and wounding Pvt.Rodriguez. When King enters a house to help injured squad member Steve Shriver , he discovers that he had accidentally killed several Iraqi civilians by throwing a grenade. Upon returning to their Texas hometown, Brandon and longtime friend Steve Shriver are decorated with the Bronze Star and Purple Heart in a solemn ceremony. A U.S. Senator takes Brandon aside after the ceremony and offers to help Brandon in anyway he can. That night, Steve shows the effects of post-traumatic stress disorder. He gets drunk and digs a foxhole in his front yard, and strikes his fiancee Michelle . When Brandon comes over to check on Steve, he is unable to get through to him. Tommy Burgess , a fellow squad member, drives over drunk after his wife has kicked him out. The next day, Brandon suggests that they all go to the "ranch", a small forest cabin located outside of town. The men pass the time by drinking and watching Tommy shoot his wedding gifts, after their friend Shorty reads the cards. Upon hearing the commotion, a hungover Steve awakens and shoots the cards so that everyone will be quiet. The next day King, Tommy and Steve report to their military base. When Brandon arrives expecting to be discharged, he is unexpectedly ordered back to active duty in Iraq, based on the military's controversial stop-loss policy. He refuses to comply and goes AWOL, becoming a deserter. Michelle sympathizes with Brandon's refusal and offers to travel with him to Washington, D.C. to see the Senator who offered to help Brandon out earlier. During a multi-day drive to Washington, D.C., Brandon calls the Senator's office and is told that because he is now a fugitive, the Senator is not interested in seeing him. Brandon and Michelle also visit the family of Paul "Preacher" Colson, one of the three soldiers under Brandon's command killed in the alley ambush and encounter another AWOL soldier who recommends a lawyer to help arrange forged discharge documents and the establishment of a new identity in Canada. They also visit Rico Rodriguez, a soldier who was blinded, lost his right arm and leg, and burned in the face while saving Tommy from a rocket propelled grenade. After Michelle phones Steve to tell him of their exact location, he arrives in uniform to take Brandon back, and tells Michelle he has volunteered to return to Iraq. Brandon refuses to return and Michelle is furious with Steve for re-enlisting and ends their relationship. They finally make it to New York City and meet with the lawyer who gives Brandon forged papers which would allow him to flee to Canada in exchange for payment of $1000. After a depressed Burgess commits suicide, Brandon returns to visit Burgess's grave immediately after the funeral, only to end up in a dispute with Steve. Brandon, his mother and Michelle drive to the Mexican border, but Brandon ultimately decides not to abandon everything that he has ever known. While about to cross the border, he tells his mother and Michelle that if he goes to Mexico he'll never really be able to leave the War behind him. The final scene depicts a busload of soldiers, including Brandon and Steve, returning to war.