A few months before the D-Day landings during World War II, the British government decides to launch a campaign of disinformation; spreading a rumour that the landings just might take place at a location other than Normandy. The details of the operation  are handed to two intelligence officers, Colonel Logan  and Major Harvey . They are initially unable to devise such a plan - but one night, Harvey sees an actor at a London theatre, who looks just like General Bernard Montgomery. Logan and Harvey discover that the actor is M. E. Clifton James , a lieutenant stationed in Leicester with the Royal Army Pay Corps and that he was a professional actor in peacetime. He is called to London, on the pretext that he is to make a test for an army film, and a plan is devised that he should tour North Africa, impersonating "Monty". "Jimmy" as Harvey calls him, is doubtful that he can carry off an impersonation of Montgomery, especially with his air of command, but with time running short and no options open to him, he agrees. Disguised as a corporal, he spends some days at Montgomery's headquarters and learns to copy the general's mannerisms and style. After an interview with the general himself, he is sent off to tour North Africa. Accompanied by Harvey, who has been "promoted" to brigadier for his cover as Montgomery's aide-de-camp, "Jimmy" arrives at Gibraltar, where the governor, who has known the general for years, can't get over the likeness. To further foster the deception, a local businessman and known German agent, Karl Nielson , is invited to dinner; knowing that he will spread the information. This happens quickly and their aeroplane is  attacked on leaving Gibraltar. James and Harvey tour several places in North Africa and visit the troops. With only a few days to go before the landings, it is learned that the Germans have indeed been fooled and have transferred large numbers of troops away from Normandy. His job done, James is put into "cold storage" at a heavily guarded villa on the coast. But the Germans have been fooled more than Harvey realises. A team of German commandos are landed by submarine to kidnap "Monty". They kill his guards and are ready to embark with James, but Harvey gets wind of the kidnap and foils it at the last moment. They return quietly to London.