Two dumb blondes, Dee Twiddle  and Dawn St. Dom , meet each other at their first lesson in flight school. Dee is a big-breasted professional dancer with a pet turtle, Virgil, who has a gas problem. Dawn is a former secretary who has tried to be a dancer. After meeting with each other in flight school, they take off in their plane without the instructor. When they notice that it's their first lesson, the blondes panic and crash into a golf course. The blondes survive the crash with no injuries. The blondes eventually become friends and they notice that they have been neighbors for nearly a year. Dee decides to help Dawn get a dancing gig at the Beaver Patch Lounge. Meanwhile, the Vancouver Italian Mafia decides to whack Lou Rimoli, a former mafia member and current informant, who is running the Beaver Patch Lounge. Rimoli is being protected by two agents. The Godfather of the mob sends two female assassins, Cat  and Kit  to whack Rimoli. The assassins succeed. However, Rimoli is murdered right before Dee and Dawn's audition. The Mobsters, Leo  and Swan  were supposed to monitor what was happening, after seeing Dee and Dawn run from the club, they mistake the blondes for being the infamous assassins Cat and Kit. Knowing that Dee and Dawn are assassins, Leo and Swan offer them $250,000 to "take out" Hang Wong , the head of the Triads in Niagara Falls, Ontario. Dee and Dawn agree, but they think that they have to take Wong on a date. Federal agents discover the plan to kill Wong and follow the blonde duo also thinking they are Cat and Kit. The Godfather sends Leo and Swan to follow the girls to make sure Wong gets whacked. Once the blonde duo arrive in Niagara Falls, they settle at a casino hotel and resort, which Mr. Wong owns. Cat and Kit also arrive there and find out that Dee and Dawn are pretending to be them and have been the hired assassins. They plan to get revenge because Dee and Dawn stole their reputation for whacking Rimoli and are pretending to be them to kill Wong. While Dawn is winning money at the casino, Dee meets Mr. Wong during his meeting with Leo and Swan. Dee tells Wong that Leo and Swan hired her to show him a good time. Federal agents spot Dee with Wong in the casino, and chase them. Wong decides to kidnap Dee and takes her to his yacht. Meanwhile, they are chased by the federal agents, Dawn , Cat and Kit. The federal agents and police take everyone into custody. Back at the casino, the police arrest Kit and Cat, and also Wong for kidnapping Dee. Dawn finally finds her dream guy and with the millions of dollars Dawn won at the casino, Dee and Dawn establish Dee and Dawn's Famous Turtle Sanctuary in the countryside where they only have one turtle but promise to have more soon.