{{Plot}} The movie starts with a recorded 911 distress call from a boy who is screaming that he and his friend found two bodies lying in blood in an old vacation home. Kristen McKay  and James Hoyt  arrive to a remote summer vacation home owned by James's parents after attending a friend's wedding reception. He had just proposed to her there, but she refused. Shortly after arriving in the middle of the night, a young blonde woman , whose face is obscured by low lighting, knocks on the front door asking for Tamara, but leaves after James and Kristen tell her she is at the wrong house. A short while later, James leaves to get Kristen a pack of cigarettes, and the woman returns and begins to pound harshly on the front door. Kristen refuses to open up, locks all the doors, and tries to call James on her cell phone, when she discovers that the phone battery is running dead. She plugs it into the wall to charge near the fireplace and calls James on the house phone briefly before the line goes dead. She returns to the fireplace to retrieve her cell phone, but it has disappeared. Kristen then hears a noise coming from the back door. She grabs a large kitchen knife and opens the curtains, seeing a man wearing a sack mask over his head. Kristen screams and trips over a record player, and it begins to skip repeatedly. The front door then opens slightly, and Kristen peeks outside, only to see the blonde woman in a Dollface mask. She slams and locks the door before going to hide in the bedroom. After yelling "go away," the noises eventually stop, at which point she hears footsteps coming from the hallway, which turn out to be from James. As she explains what happened while he was gone, he tries to calm her down. She frantically explains to James that she saw a man in a mask, and heard loud banging noises. James is not worried about the incidents, thinking that they were caused by some teenagers fooling around. He goes outside to his car, whose tires have been slashed and its windshield smashed in. As he searches the car, someone touches his back, but runs away before he is able to turn around and see who it was. Once he turns back to the car, he looks up and sees Dollface, and asks her to leave. After she runs off, James persuades Kristen that they need to escape in their car. When they are backing out of the driveway, a large truck pulls up behind them with its floodlights on, revealing another woman, this one wearing a Pin-up mask. After she smashes the truck into the couples' car, James and Kristen run back into the house, where they find the word hello written all over the window and wall in the bedroom. James searches for and finds his father's shotgun and shells. They decide to run for it. As the couple approach the front door armed with the gun, the Man in the Mask begins breaking down the door with an axe. Terrified, the couple block the door with a piano, and James attempts to shoot him, but misses. The couple decide to hole up in a closet, facing the open doorway with the shotgun armed and ready. They hear footsteps in the house, and one of the intruders puts on a country record. James's friend, Mike , whom James contacted earlier, arrives at the house in his car. When he tries to call James's cell phone, it goes straight to voicemail. But while he is leaving a message, a rock crashes through his windshield, prompting him to jump out of the car. Baffled, he notices country music playing loudly from the house. He steps onto the porch and fails to notice Dollface hiding in the shadows there before entering the house. As Mike walks down the hallway, the Man in the Mask appears behind him, holding up the axe. When Mike steps in front of the closet, James fires the shotgun, thinking it is one of the masked killers, and kills Mike by shooting him in the face. After James and Kristen realize they killed Mike, James remembers an old radio in the shed and says it is their only hope. James leaves the house, promising Kristen that he will return in a few minutes, but Kristen decides not to wait for him to return, and leaves to go to the shed in the backyard. There, she finds the radio, which she uses to try and contact someone for help, but when she raises her voice, Pin-Up Girl appears and smashes the radio. Kristen returns to the house to look for James. As she walks down the hall, she hears a few keys being played on the piano, followed by footsteps, and the lights suddenly shut off. The Man in the Mask enters the hallway, but does not notice Kristen, as he is looking in the other direction. Kristen hides in the kitchen pantry while the man searches the hallway. He sits down at the table a few feet away from the closet before leaving the room. Kristen peers out of the closet, only to find the blond, masked woman staring back at her. The woman breaks the pantry door in, but suddenly stops. Kristen exits the closet to find the woman waiting for her with a knife. Kristen opens a kitchen drawer to arm herself as well when James is pushed into the house by the masked man, who now has the gun. When James tells Kristen to run, she sprints for the front door, only to find Pin-Up girl blocking her way. She runs into a bedroom and slams the door before attempting to escape through the window, and suddenly the lights come back on and the door swings open. Kristen walks back toward the hall to see who opened the door, when the Man in the Mask grabs her and throws her into the wall. Barely conscious, she is dragged down the hallway. James and Kristen wake up the next day and find themselves tied to chairs in the living room while the three strangers stand over them. Before removing their masks, Pin-Up Girl walks into the kitchen and returns with a large knife. Kristen asks, "Why are you doing this to us?" and Dollface answers, "Because you were home." Each of the strangers then takes turns stabbing James and Kristen seemingly to death. Then, shortly after the strangers stab her, Kristen hears Mike's phone ringing near his body and crawls toward it, but then the man wearing the sack mask comes and picks up the phone and breaks it leaving Kristen there. The trio leaves in an old pick-up truck and spot two young boys , prompting them to stop. Dollface takes one of the fliers that they are handing out and one of the boys asks her if she is a sinner, to which she replies, "Sometimes". As they drive away, Pin-Up Girl tells her, "It'll be easier next time." The trio leaves and the boys arrive at the house, finding the car windows crashed and the door open. The boys head in the house in curiosity only to find James and Kristen lying unmoving in the living room. One of the boys goes up to Kristen, and as he is about to touch her, she grabs his arm and screams in terror as the scene blacks out.