{{further2}} {{See also}}  Minister of Magic Rufus Scrimgeour, addresses the wizarding media, stating that the ministry would remain strong even as Lord Voldemort gains strength. Severus Snape arrives at Malfoy Manor to inform Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters of Harry's departure from No. 4 Privet Drive. Voldemort commandeers Lucius Malfoy's wand, as Voldemort's own wand cannot be used to kill Harry, their wands being "twins". Meanwhile, the Order of the Phoenix gather at Privet Drive and escort Harry to safety, using Polyjuice Potion to create six decoy Harrys. During their flight to the Weasley family home at Burrow, all are ambushed by Death Eaters, who kill Mad-Eye Moody and Harry's owl, Hedwig, and injure George Weasley. At the Burrow, Harry has a vision of the wand-maker Ollivander being tormented by Voldemort, who claims that Ollivander had lied to him by claiming that the only way Voldemort could kill Harry was by using another person's wand. Scrimgeour arrives at the Burrow and distributes three items from Albus Dumbledore's estate to Ron, Hermione, and Harry. Ron receives Dumbledore's Deluminator, Hermione, a copy of The Tales of Beedle the Bard, and Harry the first Golden Snitch that he ever caught in a Quidditch match. Scrimgeour reveals that Harry was bequeathed the Sword of Godric Gryffindor, but the minister explains that the sword was not Dumbledore's to pass on and, in any case, was missing. Next, the Death Eaters take control of the Ministry and assassinate Scrimgeour; they use its authority to persecute Muggle-born witches and wizards. They disrupt the wedding of Bill Weasley and Fleur Delacour. Harry, Hermione, and Ron next disapparate to London and find sanctuary at No. 12 Grimmauld Place. There they discover that the "R.A.B." from the false Horcrux locket is Regulus Arcturus Black, the younger brother of Sirius Black. From Kreacher, the Black's house-elf, they learn that Mundungus Fletcher stole the real locket. Kreacher and Dobby apprehend Fletcher, who reveals that the locket is in the possession of Dolores Umbridge. Under the disguise of Polyjuice Potion, the trio infiltrate the Ministry and successfully retrieve the locket. The trio escape into the wilderness after accidentally revealing the location of No. 12 Grimmauld Place to Yaxley, a Death Eater who grabs onto Ron as the trio apparates away from the Ministry. Unable to destroy the Horcrux, they take turns wearing it in order to dilute its malignant power. Harry sees a vision of Voldemort interrogating Gregorovitch, a renowned wand-maker who claims that a teenage boy had once stolen the legendary Elder Wand from his shop. While Ron wears the locket, he is overcome with the suspicion that Harry and Hermione are falling in love and with frustration from their lack of progress, he abandons the two in the wilderness. Harry and Hermione decide to go to Godric's Hollow, where they visit Harry's parents' graves, and the house where they were killed. They also visit the home of Bathilda Bagshot, who may have the Sword of Gryffindor, which they believe can destroy Horcruxes. However, they are instead cornered by Voldemort's snake, Nagini, who has been possessing the corpse of Bagshot. Hermione accidentally breaks Harry's wand as they escape into the Forest of Dean, where Hermione identifies the mysterious thief seen in Harry's vision as Gellert Grindelwald. When evening falls, Harry sees a Patronus doe which leads him to a frozen pond. Gryffindor's sword lies beneath the pond's ice. Harry breaks the ice and jumps in to reach the sword. The locket around his neck attempts to strangle him, but Ron arrives to rescue Harry. The locket torments Ron, playing on his feelings of inadequacy and jealousy by displaying an hallucination of Hermione kissing Harry, until an enraged Ron smashes it with the sword. The trio then visit Xenophilius Lovegood to learn about a symbol seen several times on their journey. They learn that the symbol represents the Deathly Hallows: the Elder Wand, the Resurrection Stone and the Cloak of Invisibility. Lovegood betrays them to the Death Eaters in an effort to have his kidnapped daughter returned. Harry envisions Voldemort learning from Grindelwald that the Elder Wand lies with Dumbledore in his grave. The trio escape into the wilderness once more, but Snatchers appear and chase them. They are captured and taken to Malfoy Manor. Bellatrix Lestrange imprisons Harry and Ron in a cellar in which they discover Luna, Ollivander, and Griphook the goblin. Bellatrix tortures Hermione for information on how they got the sword of Gryfindor. After Dobby Apparates to save them, a short battle ensues, and Harry duels and disarms Draco. Dobby is killed by Bellatrix with her dagger as the protagonists escape. Meanwhile, Voldemort breaks into Dumbledore's tomb, takes the Elder Wand and casts a spell into the sky as a sign of victory. Then the first part of the final chapter concludes.