Natasha Martin  is a beautiful auto mechanic and aspiring musician who is invited to join music producer Infamous  aboard his private jet en route to Las Vegas in appreciation of her services on his Ford GT. She is also a highly-skilled race car driver, but is sometimes haunted by memories of her father's death at a NASCAR race many years ago. Meanwhile, on another side of town, Carlo ([[Nathan Phillips  has just returned from a tour of duty in Iraq. He meets up with his brother Jason ([[Jesse Johnson  before heading to Vegas themselves. Carlo is not happy that Jason is living with their mob boss uncle Michael D'Orazio , whom he always sees as the cause of their family's destruction. Little do they know that Michael has been running an unsuccessful counterfeiting ring and owes another crime organization millions of dollars. On the outskirts of Las Vegas, a high-stakes race event is being held, with Michael, Infamous, Hollywood producer Jerry Brecken  and Chinese businessman Marcus Cheng  placing their bets over who has the better car. When Infamous' driver fakes an ankle injury, Infamous gives Natasha an offer to drive his car. Natasha is reluctant at first, but agrees to drive in exchange for $300,000 and a recording contract. Little does she know that Infamous has to place her on his wager, as Michael - who has been obsessed with her since watching her band perform on stage earlier - has placed four platinum bars at stake. Natasha  takes on Jason . As they approach the finish line, Natasha is several car lengths ahead of Jason, but Jason quickly zips past her by engaging the onboard nitrous system. Unfortunately, because of the excessive speed, the Diablo loses downforce, flies off the ground and flips in mid-air before crashing upside down at the finish line. Attempting to avoid the falling Diablo, Natasha crashes on a barrier and is knocked unconscious. Before Carlo can reach Jason to rescue him, the Diablo bursts into flames, killing Jason instantly. Michael's henchmen, dressed as paramedics, place Natasha in an ambulance and speed off. Natasha wakes up in Michael's mansion, realizing that she is now his property. Meanwhile, Carlo meets up with an old military friend and picks up some ammunition and gear before riding a Ducati 999 with the intent to kill Michael. After breaking into Michael's mansion, Carlo and Natasha bump into each other and leave the complex. This prompts Michael to have his henchmen kidnap her mother and convince her to drive for him at the next race at the Red Rock Canyon in Nevada. In the final race, Michael, Brecken, Infamous and Cheng place their bets for a combined purse of $100 million. Infamous and Cheng are eliminated from the race after their cars  are involved in separate crashes. Natasha and Brecken's driver are still in the race. As both cars reach the finish line, Natasha (driving Michael's [[Enzo Ferrari  is several car lengths ahead of Brecken's Saleen S7 Twin Turbo when she receives a phone call from Carlo notifying her that he has rescued her mother. The good news prompts her to slam the brakes hard, stopping the Enzo an inch away from the finish line and giving the S7 the win, costing Michael the race. With no money left, Michael is given a last ride from the crime organization he owes money to. As a way of thanking Natasha for handing his driver the victory, Brecken gives her a recording contract (which shortly lands her on the cover of [[Variety , an Enzo and a Koenigsegg CCX. The film ends with Natasha  and Carlo  racing each other before being chased by the police on the freeway.