Somna lives a poor lifestyle with her widowed mom, Leela, in the mountainous region of India and Nepal. She makes a living working on the apple farm of wealthy widower, Kailash Nath Kaushal. Kaushal also runs a mountaineering school where Amar Kumar is one of his students. Somna and Amar meet, fall in love, decide to get married shortly after Amar returns from a climbing expedition. A few days later, following an avalanche, they get the news that Amar and the other climbers have been killed. A devastated Somna is molested by Shamsher Singh. Kaushal comes to her rescue and offers to marry her when he finds out that she is pregnant. They get married and Somna gives birth to a boy, Bobby. Shamsher is arrested and sent to jail for 6 years. Kaushal, who is unable to have children after an accident, is thrilled to be a father, adores and is virtually inseparable from Bobby. Five years later, Somna and Kaushal, while celebrating Bobby's 6th birthday, get a shock when Amar shows up at the party. Bobby loves his father  but can't help but become close with Amar his biological father, much to Somna and Kaushal's dismay. Somna forbids Bobby from meeting Amar but Kaushal allows him and tells Somna all he wants is to see Bobby happy. Somna despite this confronts Amar and Bobby confesses that she does not want him to visit him anymore. Amar is distressed by this and vows to stop seeing Bobby. During a walk with Kaushal, Bobby sees Amar and tries to catch up to him but ends up in a dynamite zone, injuring himself in the process. At the hospital the doctor states his condition is bad as he has lost a lot of blood. Kaushal's offers to give blood but his type does not match. Amar then offers his blood and being his real father, Amar's blood does match which saves Bobby's life. Kaushal is glad that Bobby is alive but cannot get over the fear of Amar taking him away from him. Amar pieces together the facts and realises that Bobby is indeed his son. Just as Kaushal feared he comes to take him away while Bobby is unconscious. Somna stops him and explains to him that Bobby is not his son nor her son but Kaushal's son. She explains to him how he saved her dignity by marrying her in spite of knowing the truth and how he loved Bobby more than anyone else and raised him like his own son. Kaushal overhears the whole conversation secretly. Amar saddened by this, regrets his actions and decides to let Kaushal keep Bobby and leave them forever. Kaushal offers to Somna to get back together with Amar and take Bobby with them but she refuses. Just as Amar leaves the next day, much to Bobby's dismay, Shamsher returns to the house and kidnaps Bobby in return for a ransom as well as Somna. However Bobby escapes Shamshers clutches and spots Amar in the distance. He runs after Amar but Shamsher gets hold of him once more and Kaushal and Somna step in to rescue him. Kaushal fights Shamsher but is eventually beaten. Shamsher throws Bobby of a cliff and chases after Somna. When all seems lost, Amar steps in having overseen the events from the mountain and fights Shamsher. Bobby is shown to be alive clinging on to a branch of the cliffside. Amar knocks Shamsher to the ground and descends using a rope, to rescue Bobby as the branch begins to snap. Upon trying to climb back up with Bobby, Shamsher returns yet again and tries to cut the rope. He easily overpowers Somna until Kaushal intervenes. Despite all the thrashing Shamsher gives to Kaushal, he refuses to let go of the rope. In a fit of rage Shamsher runs towards him hoping to tackle him to the ground but Kaushal uses the last of his strength to kick him off the cliffside where Shamsher plumments to his death. Amar returns safe with Bobby and along with Somna try to help Kaushal but it is too late for him. Kaushal in his last few breaths, states that he is happy that Bobby is alive and well and he tells Amar to take good care of him. All three mourn of the loss of Kaushal. A few years later Amar and Somna are shown to be back together and are admitting Bobby to the school. The headmaster asks for Bobby's first name and assumes it to be Amar. Amar states that is not true and declares him to be Kailash Bobby, the son of Kailash Nath Kaushal. The film ends with all three looking into the horizon.